So hey, I was having a chat with dad wrt opposition claim on MSP. Has the price of MSP been specified in the 3 acts, with a rider of course that it will be reviewed every year by a select committee or some such body, not ONLY by bureaucrats? Apparently, just to say that MSP remains is not enough. To say that it is being restored to its original intent of being minimum support price and not, what it has become, maximum sale price will not do. Do throw some light on that.
Rally me sab itne khush kyu hai 
Why these pretenders are coming to up nothing but to escalate the issue. They want to pour oil in the burning fire.
The pizlamic republic of bangla is eating or living on the alms and charity of we Indians, the day India becomes pizlamic, bangla should say goodbye to peace.
These khalistanis must be sent to a islamic country..... Then they will know what a Demon country feels like.
People have no idea what has happened. Kisans think they won, but in reality they have given govt big opportunity. See how govt will use in upcoming elections.
So far they have been doing peaceful protests but these morons don't care so farmers had to take next step of blocking highways
If Government does not listen to farmers and do violent lathi charge against farmers, this will be outcome. What kind of Government is this  ? Which hurt its own people.
Fake farmer leader have nothing to do with farmer welfares, he is behave like he is a maulana shouting "allha o akhbar". 
Innocent Sikh protestors being lied to and misled by the Indian government and beaten.. the Indian media r the worst media in the world
Kya MSP Wheat and Rice par honi chaiye?
Pakistani Peoples With You....
Tikayath is correct.
Where ever open market has been formed , the ones who are willing to provide better services have gained  more profits .
Lolthis must be the Indian version of Fox News.
2. If Punjab State government does not like the bill, they may chose not to implement in their state.
I don't support these farmer laws...it will totally help the elites to takeover land of the farmers...and there is a clause that if any dispute happens between the company and farmer then the case will be gone the court and if you are not aware of this but judges can be corrupt...for this there would be stay order or the company may bribe the judges to give the favourable judgement for the company owner and the farmer may loose his land...
Farmers have already filed case in Supreme Court challenging legality of these laws.  A good multi pronged action.  They should also ask their BJP MPs and MLAs whether they stand with farmers or against.  They should boycott all of those who are favouring the farm laws and denigrating the farmers movement.  They should protest in front of BJP offices in each of the districts asking the party to take a stand against the bills
Outsiders like Americans will be laughing and joking that police are beating on the people because of their hands in the corporate takeover., hopefully the farmers get their rights before it gets out of hand.
The people who attacked others cars and beat them are not farmers , they are hooligans and they belong to just one place which is prison..
Ye car chdane walo ke liye terrorist word use kro please
Taliban can only show their Power against poor people like Afghanistan, they don't have guts to fight with some great country millatry like usa, uk, india
They are the Indian Taliban.
These are anti social elements not farmers... funded by congress party and communists , pakistan and china... real poor farmers are happy with farm laws
Defeat of real farmers....
Corona,What Corona
Modi sipping garam chai watching this from bed
Yeh haal modi k saath hoga if he doesnt take farm bill back, china is training in Ladakh and will free Kashmir, chinas next target will be destabilizing Punjab and they will try to make Khalistan. If this Kisan agitation keep going, these farmer will enter Modis home and parliament. Modi should take back farm laws and we all india should fight China
Me reddy you asked a question - "why should we not trust government" - it is very naive question. It is either asked due to foolishness or extreme bias. But anyways here is the answer - history. Looks at recent protest in last few years - and you will realize that government has nowhere shown genuine interest to discuss the issue. Attitude is more like we have majority so we passed the bill. You can keep protesting. Similar attitude here - if government was discussing points in systematic manner ( like you laid out ).. Delhi ane ke jaroraat he nahin padte
Hume to ram mandir chahiye
Wow at last the American News Paper called Narender Modi an *INDIAN HITLER* 
Old flag and old national atham he best ha da watan
The government should debate with farmers on this bill before turning it in a act
Did you know more soilers  died under Obama  administration  than others
Playing cards of polarising on caste base to get support for RLD & Sp
The government needs to win trust of all citizens regardless of their religion.
I request everyone not to spread rumours these were for benefits of small farmers I studied in depth these laws for 2 days and came to this conclusion. 
As soon as the taliban forms government the India will tie up with their government 
Rakesh tikat is big headache for BJP
This law seems to  have been framed by our proud 'one exam wonders (UPSC crammer)' and singed by illiterate, obtuse, intellectually dumb Political Hierarchy who likes to work like a proxy (an absentee leader delegating his work to IAS),   this faux of agriculture economy policy is bound to happen when laws are framed by crammers rather than experts who frames laws based on Data of several indicators like Human Agriculture Capital,  Market  Availability and Infra Ecosystem .
Farmers will have to ensure this government does not start covert plan B against them
I support farmers.but this is a suicide mission
Government shouldve stayed with the decision but eventually it has to look after the national interest. 
Elections every month will keep evil mind at bay....  chest must have reduced to 56 micrometers after relenting to the demands of khalistanis.... 
Silence on Bengal violence is proof!
It's revealing one of the world's powerful mafia. A cunning mafia using the poor farmers as cover.
foundation of 2022 Punjab elections.
We need change!! Enough BJP.. the eight of happy india..
Ye faisla lene me itna Der nhi kiye hote.....to kitno hi gharo ke bachhe apne pita ke saath Guru parve Bina aanshu ke mana rhe hote........Failure Governance Modi Jee 
Modi backed down because the British Government told him to at the Cop26 summit sadly its the British that do all the positives for India and the negatives are supplied by themselves even to this day good luck farmers
we really really want Samdish covering lakhimpur
Ashraf Ghani was asking for help but India refused to send Wing Commander Abhinandan Varthaman to Afghanistan.
Rahul Gandhi n priyanka vadera are trouble makers looking for an loop hole to win back d lost congress seats.
12. On Feb 2021, Supreme court of india created an farmers expert committe of experts to listen to greviances but farmers unions
Democratic world failed Afghanistan. 
Not a big deal if there are changes in finance and decision people always protest. India need to change, cannot remain in old laws
Mr tikeit the need of the hour is cheep labour. Then we can manufacture things for low price. Then we can sell it in world market. Then we get dollars. If we have money we can progress our country. With out money we cannot make infrastructure. Think in both ways tikeit. Government is not getting money from the sky.
Why this people r not wearing MASKS.......
7.    entry  
I can hear khalistan jindabad in the end
ACOORDING TO INTELIGENCE REPORTS ISI IS PLANNING  LARGE SCALE  violence THROUGH  FARMERS.  So MODI IS SMARTLY HANDLING  IT 
Why sedation cases against everyone and everybody except for ppl from ruling party and tbeir supporters.?
its very sus to see ONLY Punjabi  in this protest.  As they are the wealthiest farmers and mandi lords in India.  
You would not live to see another had this govt try to follow Talibans. In my opinion you should get the same treatment what Talibans give to other religious minorities.
Waste of time better lauugh
BBC UK            
Nakali gandhis stop your drama, you to do not a word singhur murder and Jaspur killing. Why this partiality? Why are you misleading the farmers? Munde baimuch.
Indias evolution took a u turn after 2014
Agree with most points but still modi government will come out unscathed...
The roads are not cleared ,even after repealing the laws.they will continue,because terrorists  have infiltrated the protests
Next Bollywood movie coming 
Goal post has shifted, US dollars in plenty to be paid to rich Kissans.
Those are not farmers you idiots, they are middleman who are making profits out of farmers, Modi wants to cut these middlemen out so that the Farmers get all the profits. You leftist Quint, help the farmers not the middleman!
Why the left leader not included. They were the vital figures to unify the different farmers groups . The Kisan Sabha
Can you trust this man with white beard?  He has sold India down the river eg railway etc,  he looted public of 500 rupees , did not bring back  ill gotten monies (black money) and the list goes on.
Taliban assuring peace and safety to Sikh community. But india is just spreading propagandas
Karnataka Protest - lathicharge and golibar.
Only shree Arvind kejriwal can brings revolution of education in india.
Violence cant be justified. I condemned police too when they did lathicharge in the starting of January and I will condemn this act of terrorism as well. Use your brain, we Indians cant justify violence, aise toh kl kuch log protest krne lgenge ki 370 wapis laaoo. This is wrong!
Long live Indians farmer...! Jai Bharat
Hence repealment of the laws indicates Modi ji has a bigger surprise.....
Abbba Vadra gives credit to his wife for centre s withdrawal of farm laws wah re wah fraud family
Their meaningless protest had already done a great loss to nation. Now opposition and anti-national funded NGOs will look other way to harm India.
Security and freedom and women working to outside are a right please UN do not forget women and children of Afghanistan 
 1946     15         Patel  13       emotional blackmail       PM   
You have missed many important points in this video or did not wanted to cover like now farmers can not go to the court even after if any company refuse to pay them a single rupee and now  hording became legal for companies which earlier used to be a crime. We can already see the effect of these laws on ground now that Adani is buying apples in Himachal at the price of rs15 per kg and selling it in rs200 per kg in super stores across the country.
Finally today after lose of 700 life they have won
There are Protest Going on for the FARM BILLS. Many of us are unknown about the ground reality, well on a trend we are either opposing the protest or either supporting the protest, where the story is something else, We youth are the future to the nation, and it's our prior right that we should know the ground reality. Please do watch it till the end.
 I am also the son of a farmer, so this pain is our own, if the farmer is not happy then it will be difficult to feed the whole world, first he committed many suicides, some debts were buried, he appealed to the state government  Oppose the decisions and understand the pain of their farmers and speak for their rights.  The media should also emphasize this.  Most of the farmers make a living by cultivating on a small plot of land, do not deprive them of their rights and oppose the decision of the government and so I request everyone that this uf
The correct solution would have been amendments in the law.
When he used the words "Breaking the chains of slavery" he was referring to the withdrawal of foreign military troops from Afghanistan. Because he has always maintained that Afghanistan should be governed by Afghan people themselves, therefore, the US must end its military occupation and all foreign military forces must withdraw from Afghanistan. That would be the only way to end this years-long conflict.
Tens of thousands of years of mental decay and we have descended to this level of absurdity. 
how do you agitate? if the courts do not discuss the issue, the govt is adamant on its stand; self-immolation is the only recourse then?
One thing everyone needs to understand is Central Govt proposes and implements laws at the national level. They'll see what is more beneficial at the national level. When less than 5% across the nation are participating in these protests, it thumpingly displays that the new farm laws benefit the nation better. If it may cause any loss to that 5%, they've to sit with Govt and talk about alternative solutions for their possible loss, not fight to repeal the new laws. I hope this brings some sense to the protestors.
It literally is irrelevant if the leader is male or female.
If you condemn trumps supporters capturing Capitol Hill then you should also condemn these who is  at Red Fort where an elected Prime Minister stands and addresses the nation.
Next cm akhilesh bhaiya
Sir i need one help..  i have ordered some products online from youtuber  and pay the advance payment but now he is not processing my order sir and no response received from him sir on WhatsApp and call please help sir..
These are not farmers they are miscreants . What they did on 26 January was extreme example of that
So land grabbing has started nice
Mahapanchayat of dalals, not of farmers. Farmers are being hoodwinked by these people, led by Tikait named dacoit.
*They behave like 5 year old spoilt kids that only know how throw tantrums. They do not hv brains to nego.. They are not leaders.*
Donald Trump said we gave Pakistan 10 Billion dollar quote 
Well done Rakesh ticket
They are not farmers, terrorist
Happy to see Annaji out of sleep...but he is responsible for all these miseries
Rakes chor hay
The Farmers protest is against the Farmers Bill and want it to be scrapped. The SC has put stop on law's implementation but this is not Farmers demand they want laws to be scrapped.
we need farm bills to be implemented
we support the government the farm bills are right
the government is right the bills are good for farmers
the govt should not listen their demands these are fake protestors
why the protestors are not wearing a mask
where is social distancing
they are not farmers they are khalistanis 
these are not farmers these are khalistani terrorists
they are protesting without knowing the reality 
rakesh dacoit is doing this for publicity
rakesh tikait is such a fraud
fake news by ravish kumar always against the govt
ndtv always tries to defame the government
this is not win of farmers but win of middlemen
why only punjabis are protesting this does not include the whole country
hume farm bill chahiye
hum sarkaar ke sath he farm bills sahi he
ye sub nakli kisaan he modi ji inki baat mat suno
modiji should not listen to these protestors
modi and yogi zindabad
khangress kisaan ko bhadka raha he
jai shree ram modi sahi he
ye sub khalistani he muje pata he
janta ke paise barbaad ho raha he inki wajah se
they are wasting tax payers money sub aatankwadi ha
rakesh tikait kisano ko bhadka raha he
tractor chadha diya ye kaisa andolan he
modi ji ne kuch soch samajh ke bill wapas liya hoga
ye kisano ki haar he sub middleman ki jeet he
nakli kisan andolan bund karo
and sisters ke sath hn.
Why government of India allows (allowed many years) import of wheat from US and Canada? Especially when there was enough production? 
India has fake democracy
He will talk only against bjp ..
I am still waiting for ache din 
India needs Farmers NOT Politicians
I think farmer deserve the best treatment... Not like this treatment.... I think next time all the farmers should bring all the cattles with them cuz no citizen are determined to support.. supporting farmer is supporting urself.
Dalal  would tell the rates to farmers and farmers will have to sell as per Dalal rate
I have not come to judge the world, but to save the world  (John 12: 47)  
Historical victory
Farmers - MSP can't by guaranteed. Guaranteeing MSP means the money goes from taxpayers or Corporates pockets without any quality evaluation. A MSP range per year can be proposed based on estimated demand by Govt. (Govt.and Corporate can use data analytics and set MSP range based on historical and projected demands and make the process transparent and visible) but Kisan cannot go to court when MSP is not within the range. And no guarantee. Nobody knows accurate regional demand in advance.
But it has stupid political and burocratic system.
Can anyone explain me how a farmer with very little land below 5 acers can sell his product to private player and if the private player is not accepting to take the farmers product then where can his products stored to prevent damage or spoil of his products?
Violence is not a democratic right and Yogee knows how to manage these bastered
Don't u feel like a robot u ruling party MPs
What a memorable fight ! India would remember this for a long long time....
So what are the Indian farmers asking? Give us a compensatory subsidy if the produce sells below the MSP. Give us an assurance. They want it to be a law - NOT a verbal or written guarantee. They, as we commonly hear them, have had a bad experience with the past promises and the meaning-twisting.
Shame on your media . 
People like Rahul Gandhi,  Yogendra yadav and other so called kissan leaders have to be taken to task and held responsible for the violence.  Also Rajnath Singh ji should be made the home minister again. Sad that these protesters hoisted a different flag on the ramparts of Red fort on a republic day. Strong action is required. I would like to add that the protests should have not been allowed in the first place.  Will the court too take responsibility!! This has been done just to demean the Modi government .
World War Z !!
Now heading to UP.
Give her address of you colic journalist who died and other 4 BJP supporters too..there family not weeping..they are celebrating..such shame..
Indian government must be shameful.  Extremist govt cannot give peace and rights to the citizens of India
Govt wrong
People are dying every hour 
WB not support the rule
Sir do u know what is ur rahul priyanka manmohan problem is u ppl are well enough educated. Education is real problem of my country coz u educated problem cant do anything and some chaiwala is disteoying my country inside out
Dear dhruv, i really like your anaylsis. Can you please also create video for the people impacting due the rail roko in punjab in cold wheather of december.
N not all India is protesting ??
It clear kisan political
He so true please ,how much knowledge he has so sympanthy about farmers ,He is true Indian diamond unlike other fake politicians who use government money to feel there own pockets
India should progress aggressively in all spheres.
The best leader
looted amount fromIndia through Many Fake NGOs and companies created on 
1 & only simple reason for this decision is 2022 up electionbloody stupid govt 
h)  Each farmer will have it's agrivalue based on quantity of land utilised and can be availed any time with help of banking system integrated with apex body and it's farming community. 
After bills also monopoly rahegi of adani ambani 
UP election effect
This worst....... Need take action...... Modi to moosadi
Shame on BJP. LONG LIVE THE FARMERS WHO FEED THE MILLIONS. 56" chest and 3" in the pants.
Breaking rules and protesting is bad.
Are Indian farmars fromed by people on low social class?
 Modi did it to gain vote from farmers in UP, coalition with Singh in Punjab, definitely Mod and BJPi will Enter the PM office for Next General Election....Know the Logic Behind  any decision
After long time.people have did lot of sacrifice and some also died.its too late for the citizens of this country
He always has one or the other demands make him sit in the cabinet because he knows everything, and then lets see..
 , 19/11/2021     ""         Oxford dictionary                   
Service sector gets canteen facility, medical facility, minimum wage, minimum pension, but is there any minimum guarantee to the farmers?
In theory, which has been the case uptil now, produce shud be purchased at MSP. But could you please tell me an industry where the govt sets up a floor price that private players have to pay.?
Please  continue the stir my dear Punjabi brothers. I would like to contribute towards my Punjabi Farmers. Please provide me details as to where I can send some money. 
Hope conditions become better for all people living there.
India please help pajshir
Good coverage of kisani Andolan 
Looking at developments in recent years in India I fear our country is going in the same direction as Pakistan took in 80s.
First time on Media coverage maximum dislike. Lanat ho tara par Rabia
Bravo Modi. You did a great thing but the vampire middlemen and the hypocritical hate-filled opposition leaders out for blood did a great wrong. I wonder when the small farmer will start a protest, but they don't have the resources to do that.
 80% farmers own only less than 2 hectres /5 acre land.
Stop self praising. We are not fools. Drame baaj
There are many more farmers in India then  these protesters who support to the law
Treating them as terrorists is inhumane....these people are the feeders of out country
Drama, nothing
Mukesh Ambani and Gautam Adani will Cancelled the 3 Antifarmers Bills.  !
CANT ONE GOVT POLICE IAS IPS RESIGN and come to media to REVEAL TRUTH
So to break these protest and in interest to internal security ...modi had to withdraw or taken back decesion of farm laws bill.
Kudos to those who are still supporting BJP.
the problem of BJP govt.in indian politics is an unfortunate one,the laders are uneducated and think themselves higher than anyone else!common people suffer!
THESE POLITICAL PEOPLE ONLY SPEAK FOR CAMERA.
maybe fight back!  whats wrong with these men
Corporate sector ko badhawa dene wala bill hai.
Great framer protest
To Interfering indian govt and  farmers
- NO free drinks, free food, free tents,
*Here comes undemocratic , religiously divided and an authoritarian India *
Just keep crying Ra-ndia, that's all you specialize in 
YES! THIS MARKS THE 72nd  REPUBLIC DAY OF OUR COUNTRY INDIA. GOVERNMENT BE ASHAMED.
Modi harrassment to agriculturist to make them free from land.
Nobody is complaining about air pollution. All these fuel guzzling tractors.
Who said they are farmers
These details should be covered in mainstream media but sadly enough it is not so
I am jealous with you, you achieved lot of love
I have one question: why don't the government just shift the MSP from surplus crops to other crops that they want to incentivize.
5. Hypocrite : there are no good affords done by taliban according to thousands of Afgan desperate  hungger, sick in international refugee camps
Statement 2: recommendation of CACP are not binding on the govt
Under this chairman there is no debate shame shame
Anyone feel the same, oh this is farmbill.... And what's up all the noise on F*King tv , this damn politics
AJIT ask the farmers who are celebrating as though they won a lottery in Nigeria -what have they won? For your information its NOTHING! The farm laws were in the interest of the farmer!
It s victory of unity & great efforts of Punjabi farmers. They didn't get support from other parts of states n farmers so, the credit goes to only these farmers. My solute...
Modi is fool PM  of India
that DEEP SINGH was actually DEEP SIDHU !!!
(All fascists are ATHEIST HAVING MASK OF CULT)
Its time for educated ppl to come in to farming. Just like australians did and finally agro industry boomed. Cus till goons are their leaders and uneducated farmers are just being played this will never change
Remember when the British people had guts like this and fought for their liberty like these brave people.  GOD BLESS THEM
What the fuck people of this country are in power. They say this is a democratic nation. People have no Wright to protest calmly?Farmers protest was started from Punjab,82% of sikhs sacrified there lives for the freedom of this country but there is no respect.farmers are demanding there wrights why this stupid and incompetent government is not listening.is this a democratic country?modi has become a dictator  today.
Next minute what will happen anyone never know all in one god 's hand if you believe in god please realize truth and false...... 
All president's and prime minister s are terrorist now days. / I am job less team/
Jai Kissan Jai Jawan. The government are not going to use Covid (which is serious failure) as an excuse to brush away their demands. Stand on sarkars neck keep going do not back down an inch
Manohar lal Khatter sleeping & not doing anything for farmers . Please PM Modiji remove immediately Manohar lal Khatter from CM.
Shame on modi and rss
Nishan Sahib is a flag which we can always see around Gurdwaras.
Democracy on Sale....Sad..really...God save us
What is slavery? Your constitution is the constitution of the United Kingdom. Your official language is English.
The people who commits crime or who cheats people are allowed to wander, espace  but the people who protest peacefully for their right with valid reasons are targeted all time...everybody should think and thank the farmers before they eat...
Nobody force for contract farming.
This procedure simply means, it will be enforced after the election.
Farmers should feel ashamed after doing this kind of act
* Election is also there in an important state in next few months.
Godi media Active ho gya
Use this as an incentive and initiate pathbreaking reforms and advances.
My biggest mistake in life is voting bjp and this modi came to power daily I pray to God when this modi, amith shah will go from power or from world
Godi media is now supporting bathe culprits
Spam and misleading
Basically incomplete or misleading facts
Who are u get lost 
govt. is done very sad things with farmers....rip democracy
The outcome of the farm protest by Sikh: 
Very good points at that last about organic farming.
We support farmers
Support farmers support India
godi media will never show this
we support farmers protest
ban the bjp govt ban modi
yogi and modi both are goons 
many farmers have died protesting but the govt is blind
please save the farmers
power to my farmer brothers we are with you
jai jawan jai kisaan i support farmers
godi media is showing rakesh tikait as bad
modi is such a conman
save democracy i will never vote for bjp
extremist government should be shameful poor farmers are suffering
they want assuarance msp should be given
farmers will be fooled by private players
how can poor farmers win against private players
kisan mange puri karo jai jawaan jai kisaan
rakesh tikait zindabad modi murdabad
govt is doing lathi charge fascist government
zee news and godi media is spreading hatred
historical victory of farmers govt has lost
kisan bhahiyo ki jeet hui 
power to my kisan brothers long live india
good coverage by ndtv we support ravish kumar
bjp chor he modi chor kisan ko loot rahe he
kisan mandi me jake bech sakta he
we should stand for right of farmers
farmer feed us we should support them
andhbhakts will say they are fake 
andhbhakto ko lagta he kisan nakli he
shame on godi media spreading false news
Join Prashant Dhawan Sir's Telegram Channel: https://t.me/DhawanSir
This initiative is very useful
I subscribed your channel.... 
Koi galat arth nahi nikala! Tum BJP wale ho hi aise! Insensitive and arrogant!
NDTV is the best chenal
They can't understand that laws are good for them..
This news is good news for farmers because long journey end... 
People sitting on roads for their rights are also indians they are not VIPs shame on indian government.stubborn and disgusting
Sir i always like the way u explain every concert 
My appreciation and respect to you for putting out so much knowledge in such simplified way for us all. I wont say this for many of your other videos but This particular videos needs to be in Hindi because the large number of people related to this video would fully understand it in Hindi only. So please if you can.....
And the winner is the Indian farmer.
This government is disgusting!
Its good they have repealed three laws itne lakh crore.. utne lakh crore is complete bullshit.. msp to mila hi nahi
He is only doing this to get votes. After the votes he'll do a u turn
Thousands? 2 crore log aaye the chutoiya media.
Shekhar sir, how will you convince people that not letting them to court is in their favour?
Very good video Amit sir, thank you very much for explain farmer protest
Brilliant video
If these bills are so much beneficial to farmers, why BJP is not talking with farmers & explaining them their fraud theories, *BIG SHAME on Swarajya channel* , Abb yeh desh kam Bhartiya janta private company ltd jyada lagta hai.
Congratulations farmers
Follow my official channel
Fake news expert NDTV....
hate godi media...hate republic channel
they have helped me understand it way better than the 2 months of waching news channels
This is education platform So Why hell r u giving baised opinion . Atleast U should first know the basic of educational platform rather than just buying subscription n' veiwers .
Fresh Anti-CAA protest will begin again..
Report writing required
That's great now put some effort into phone scammers cheers 
Jitne news anker hai inse ek baar history k bare mai puxh lee
Chunav aa rhe h  vericate hat rhe h
Thank u brother
Thank you farmers for all your sacrifices. May God bless you'll.
Police ne maro badhha thay ne
Sir really believe in NDTV 
Good Job..... U discovered it in Easy Language.
We need no lecture....if you are a gyani, we don't need one...
Ndtv Congress ka channel ..... rubbish Kumar ki channel ...gadhe logki channel.....bakwas .......
Zee news is BJP news
You explained it so well...I hope everyone could understand it
Just  Shut Up .....
YE SHI NHI H
To is hisab se to ye bill court me challenge keya jaa skta hai.... 
The day will come when Someone will write a book on modi's ruling era. And these all videos and pictures will be used as reference in that book. The book will named as "Modi the minorities destroyer"
Sir aap pr bhi yhi classes do please
That voice ._.
Thankyou so much Team Drishti!
MODI should be declared a clown
Ghatiya channel...ghatia reporter... Modi ke chamchey..Godi media
Please provide us with more such explanations.
I have watched so many videos of scoopwhoop but I subscribe today I dont even know that I have not subscribe you I subscribe in American date 9/10/21 in American date MM/DD/YEAR in India I guess day comes 1st than month than year
Beta kabi tone msg check kiye hai coment box ke.
You are not former 
Farmers are right here
your words are not convincing to sound  ..  cant make understand things  properly ... say too much for small thing to understand
2. eradicating APMC.
Thank you so much for information
Many of the police get injured.
Very well explained!!..thumbs up
Manisha, love the way u take a jab. Excellent 
This is india everyone is one one army one person but you decided meny problems
I will not vote modi again after this lmaoo
Wat might bjp thinking 
Very very congratulations ji 
The definition of subsidy is wrong. It is not the difference between msp and cip.
This is totally wrong. How can police do this
25 minutes he kept questioning his behaviour .....not discussing the real issues of anti farmer bills. Pathetic anchor...
News anchor bjp kedalle hain
              This too will become a jumla, farmers will be upset again, see.
Manjit Singh Rai, BJP leader & Jay Shah (son of Amit Shah) are both alumnus of same college/school; must learn English as second language.
Views for other videos is in lakhs
Thank you very much  delhi people 
Study IQ's UPSC course is designed by some of the best faculties in our country. Our comprehensive UPSC course will help you excel in both Prelims and Mains examination.
we need a video for journalism aspirants sir !!!
Excellent initiative mam...vry easy to understand... excellent structure
I can understand this by ur video
thank you sir ji
congratulations for 1 million subscribers
thank you maam
this is bullshit 
i can't understand anything
good explaination nicely explained
good job keep it up
something is not right what does it mean
thanks for the explaination 
thank you for showing different perspective of the farmer protest
subscribe to our channel we post latest videos
this is not right
ye kya ho raha he
mazak he kya
lots of love maam
shut the fuck up
the anchor is doing great job
lol what does he want
omg such a cartoon
our courses are the best please join our courses
wrong analysis i am unsubscribing
bekar channel he 
he is a joker
c'mon man do you think this is right
god will punish you 
may allah save us
bhagwan bacha lo 
sab narg me jayenge
proud of you mam
shameful act
