They are not farmers, terrorist
Mahapanchayat of dalals, not of farmers. Farmers are being hoodwinked by these people, led by Tikait named dacoit.
These are not farmers they are miscreants . What they did on 26 January was extreme example of that
Farmers should feel ashamed after doing this kind of act
One thing everyone needs to understand is Central Govt proposes and implements laws at the national level. They'll see what is more beneficial at the national level. When less than 5% across the nation are participating in these protests, it thumpingly displays that the new farm laws benefit the nation better. If it may cause any loss to that 5%, they've to sit with Govt and talk about alternative solutions for their possible loss, not fight to repeal the new laws. I hope this brings some sense to the protestors.
Nobody force for contract farming.
You have missed many important points in this video or did not wanted to cover like now farmers can not go to the court even after if any company refuse to pay them a single rupee and now  hording became legal for companies which earlier used to be a crime. We can already see the effect of these laws on ground now that Adani is buying apples in Himachal at the price of rs15 per kg and selling it in rs200 per kg in super stores across the country.
Its time for educated ppl to come in to farming. Just like australians did and finally agro industry boomed. Cus till goons are their leaders and uneducated farmers are just being played this will never change
Their meaningless protest had already done a great loss to nation. Now opposition and anti-national funded NGOs will look other way to harm India.
Abbba Vadra gives credit to his wife for centre s withdrawal of farm laws wah re wah fraud family
Support farmers support India
We support farmers
Well done Rakesh ticket
govt. is done very sad things with farmers....rip democracy
So land grabbing has started nice
Next cm akhilesh bhaiya
This too will become a jumla, farmers will be upset again, see.
25 minutes he kept questioning his behaviour .....not discussing the real issues of anti farmer bills. Pathetic anchor...
The people who commits crime or who cheats people are allowed to wander, espace  but the people who protest peacefully for their right with valid reasons are targeted all time...everybody should think and thank the farmers before they eat...
I will not vote modi again after this lmaoo
I can understand this by ur video
Excellent initiative mam...vry easy to understand... excellent structure
Happy to see Annaji out of sleep...but he is responsible for all these miseries
Study IQ's UPSC course is designed by some of the best faculties in our country. Our comprehensive UPSC course will help you excel in both Prelims and Mains examination.
we need a video for journalism aspirants sir !!!
Views for other videos is in lakhs
If you condemn trumps supporters capturing Capitol Hill then you should also condemn these who is  at Red Fort where an elected Prime Minister stands and addresses the nation.
Spam and misleading
Tens of thousands of years of mental decay and we have descended to this level of absurdity. 
your words are not convincing to sound  ..  cant make understand things  properly ... say too much for small thing to understand