Dictatorship will fall off eventually , sooner or later.
Talibans have good pilots than Abhifckdone .
They are not farmer who protest because farmer have not enough time and money even they have both nothing
That is why I oppose, "one nation ,one election."
the sound is not good I am quite disappointed
Any thing do for kashmir pandit killing by terrorist, do you ever moun for that, shame on you,
Delhi police is working great under the Leadership Of Amit Shah. I pray for the speedy recovery of all injured policemens
I support farming these pictures cnt give judgement to whole protest tum 2crore se zuyada kisan ko bura nhi bol sakte
Finally laws are repealed 
13:32 shut up Yogesh and reddy
Shameless modi India has never had such a shameless pm in history.. he is ruining India.
Angery police stop the farmers..
Today I got the real catch of these 3 bills. Thanks to scoopwhoop
Government is doing this at the behest of economists in IMF and World Bank. For last two decades they have been suggesting that there are two many people working in the Indian farms. Farming being a low value income source globally isn't profitable until it's done at a large scale. With the new laws the Indian government wants to eventually end MSP as it believes that MSP is not sustainable for the Indian economy. The idea here is that eventually only large farmers will survive and the agriculture sector will get mechanized like US and China.The small farmers will have no way but to sell their lands and work as low wage workers in services and manufacturing sectors providing ample manpower for the corporations. It's s catch 22 situation for the Indian government as it knows that it is impossible to improve the living standard of the low holding farmers with MSP while the farmer's concern that they will have no option but to sell off their lands and move to other sectors for wages is also correct.
One side Indian media is showing that Pakistan and China is funding in farmer protest . And second side showing that Pakistan is so poor that even a child cannot afford a sweet .so how they can invest in India's protest and China hmara mama lgta h ai? Joh protests mai invest kregi dimmag kholo andbhagaton.. use your brain.
You and all media persons know very well that media has lost his credibility.
Who is the bikau media.. you or the politicians
My life okay thanks very good 
THE GOVERNMENT INTENTIONS IS GOOD. FARMERS ARE MISLEAD
shameful misrepresentation of facts, these protesters are hooligans
A middle ground needs to be found, I love my sikh brothers and Punjabis and farmers. A middle ground where govt policy and farmers interest both should be taken care of
Farmer sowed seed, God Jesus n bible is a seed of god's word satisfied ur soul by His death n ressurrection. C 'Bible' in google!!!.....
How you face yourself??
Be curse of Allah on modi
               (JAI HIND)
Thanku sir for rising farmer voice on national study channel
In some states i see APMC labour unions feel their job is at stake.
wah kisssno wah.. par saanp Snake  will bite back when possible.. so be aware
The laws were good but the way they implemented this is wrong
@The Lalantop#
Uneducated lot who fell for communist agenda protests.
Do not trust bjp till all the demands are received.
As Bhagat Singh said .. ' To make the Deaf hear , the Sound has to be very loud .. '
Poor decision by modi , that's why we need yogi ji as our PM
Why farmers are not convinced of Farmlaws? Problem and solution explained in Telugu, 22 min.
If you like what we do, dont forget to subscribe to Newslaundry: https://www.newslaundry.com/subscription?ref=newsance
Nope. MSP is needed.
Jb sarkar msp k liye committee bna rhi h to is hrami Ko to pese khane se mtlb h
Please correct the topic as there was no lathicharge
A industrialist, a builder a solar park can have as much land as he wishes but farmer can not
The entire world has saw the clear videos.
We a big fool of BJP
Hi, love your content, be it business case studies, geopolitics or public policies. Would love if in future too you will explain the controversial public policies keeping the political aspects aside as done in this video. Thanks
Yaar simple si baat hai the farmers should demand their respective State governments to do away with taxes levied on APMC transactions... This will put APMC on a fair play ground 
Looks like in states of punjab and haryana, there is great "teamwork" happening between traders, farmers and state governments.  So the Center should roll out the present AGRO REFORMS but allow the various State Legislative assemblies to give a thumbs up or thumbs down to it.  Punjab and Haryana and some parts of UP want to continue the current STATUS QUO and their State Legislatures will deliver that to them.  In ALL other States of India, the AGRO REFORMS have been very well received especially those who know what is there in these AGRO REFORMS.
Haha real world baby.
Feeling Sad for Rakesh Tikkat with 69 Momin
After great U-turn from Modiji.....reminded me of Gandhiji's famous U turn in Non-Cooperation movement.....Great Modiji....
Thanks to Modi ji for bringing agricultural
How many crores kick back has Indian prime minister, home minster and haryana SDM have got from their unlawful fathers adani & ambani for this brutal attack.
Huge respect for farmers
This treatment awaits modi.
Madam bangal chunaw me bhi nhi thi social Distenc tb to Kuch nhi boli
farmers income should rise imo pls explain abt pros and cons in layman language (some one literate and knowledgeable pls) apmcs ,storage ,ration,msps  did help but will they be required in the future ( most of the farmers are poor) ?? explain frm environmen,t conservative(social,societal) and modern  points of view
Kissan will give them a befitting reply
How Sikhs are permitted to carry swords?? Just like weapons license must for rifle and pistol, swords too should legally need license!!
We support farmers bill. Why is that necessary, if he really that concerned about farmers then he must have a record of saving poor farmers by supporting them financially. If that's not the case then he is an actor and you people who are covering such news are useless idiots. After all these years I realised that your news channel is of no use and garbage trucks and dustbins are of more use than your news
SICKULAR Media: PEACEFUL farmer's protest and rally
Every other sector is 
Just wanted to know, What happened to him and his companions who trampled the people with the car
This is why I wish BJP was a little fascist! Piche se army chodte na tab jaake yeh suaro mei akal aati!
to ensure maximum coverage and reporting of the  farmers rally  drones should be used.
Jai kisan .....salute all farmers and you tube media anchor
So once the farmers commit suicide the debts are forgiven? Do all farmers have life insurance that will pay out the family to cover all debts, and feed the family?  I call the people who leave behind the women and kids cowards.  The men of Punjab consider themselves Lions.  I think not.  What will happen to the family when you commit suicide Lions?
They against our country...
Surely good journalism requires you to point out what is likely to happen after deregulation. In the US, the 1996 Farm Bill was introduced with promises of farmers being able to sell abroad and thereby increase commodity demand. However, in 1998, 42,000 US farmers with less a turnover of less than $250,000 dollars disappeared because prices fell in 1998.  Small family farms disappeared and large corporations with deeper pockets thrived by streamlining distribution and driving prices down.  "This is great new for the consumer" I hear you shout. Yes maybe in the first instance, but later when these corporations whose primary aim is profit, start buying farms (which they no doubt will do) India will go the way of the US... ie, prices and supply being dictated by corporations who create virtual monopolies and offshore tax structures that benefit their shareholders and deprive Indians of proper tax revenues and choices. Yes the current system requires changing but do not be fooled by promises of exports and globalisation.  Global markets are very often more volatile that local markets. Surely a better way is to find a middle ground. Deregulate the outdated systems, but at the same time enshrine in law some method of protecting its own people from corporate greed. Source: "Exported to Death" Economic Policy Institute 1999
cause people more than feed produced none so can fix
Rakesh Tikait is a seasoned politician and may soon emerge as the Chief of the All India Kissan party that may topple the corrupt Politicians who only survive on the british policy of "Divide Hindus /Muslims/Sikhs/Christians and Rule"! 
Modi, The Great Liar
Why speaker acts like he owns that seat? Jerk!
Only congress hi deshvakt hai
Farmer protest is totally funded by China Khalistan and Pakistan and CIA
If this SDM will deny for the orders he given to the police would have to face music in front of of honorable Court. Video of SDM is full flaged evidence against SDM.
 Nice Acting
Ek video viral hui thi taket ji k o alla ho akbar bol rahe he kya ye sach he
6) Direct transfer to Farmers accounts already done.
YE BAHUT GALAT HAI!!!
The rest of the oppressed applaud you Indian farmers!
- Modi has free time for Ambani's grandchild
These protestors are ruining every respect country have for sikhs and punjabi, shame on you fake protestors.
There is no need to discussion we are discussing since 1 year. Repealed just for the vote bank.
Rakesh Dacoit. Looted future of farmers. Well done. I  my endia.
Rakesh tikat hi absolutely right
Khagna ranuat bhaut bari randy hai BJP rss motherchood party hai
Who the hell consider your thoughts.... your brain is also as shaved as your head 
This is just shifting of power from mandis to corporate companies. Nothing else.
Try showing the complete picture....sell out media
all kisan leader fake leader thay to smart very careful people please thay doing know other big drama
Goondaism shown in Rajya Sabha is highly depricated
Please have 2 way communication.. or an interview with vinod Dua
You told everything in few words.
Manisha pandey... Humour loaded...
Please help me 
Shame on (Anti ) National media for not showing the beauty of the parade.
What will we in Kenya do if this is India?
It's where corrupt billionaire keeping money 
BJP should band from india 
They r not farmers shoot them 
.ITS THE BEGINNING
Same will happen for NEP then. Govt must set up different committees in every state to communicate.
x Muslims are being massacred in Indian Kashmir and TRIPURA by police and Hindu fanatics - civil society activists are being locked up in
He is doing this because he can lose upcoming elections
bjp is destroying india
Congratulations MSP become  a new political tool just like loan waving, cheap electricity.
bjp only
Biased reporting
Funny, Modi was brought to power by the same poor farmers. 
Same on you farmers
Under Congress rule, Kanimozhi was sent to prison for the allegations of corruption in 2G spectrum scam. Atleast Congress took action on their ministers, however here BJP's minister son has rammed onto farmers and killed 6 yet his Father remains in post. Useless Govt!!!
They are not going before elections even if government fulfills all of their demands. This attitude can't be appreciated.
Apne desh ka nam niche jhuka diya aj hamare logo ne .Very unhappy with this video
STOP covidiszm Should we be vaccinated to the grave? Enough peace, I'm tired of you 2019-2020-2021-2022 years plandemic ....
Sukha Badal and Chita Druggie Majithia need to be thrown out of Akali Dal for sake of Punjab.
very sharp precise questions and sensible compering by host Padmja ji.
Ashok Gulati is living in fool' s paradise.
Carpet bom the protestors with ghost pepper gas. Let them feel the burn.
Modern India under Modi and shah ..the two gujarati..playing wid the life of rest of India..Sad moment for farmers and indians!!
Thanks you very much ma'am
No amount of spin is going to help bjp... They will lose Punjab and western up.... This repeal is a disaster
Antinational Hindus from congress communists NDTV want India farmers destroyed
Just bcoz black Flags , largest democracy, rip
      FCRA  .         & Co.       NIA UK, US, Canada, Germany, Australia etc.           .                        . 
No this is wrong ..
defame Hinduism, Took special care not to let Any indian unite either by
Pee news
Sack him
New farm bills are more vulnerable to monopoly. Atleast when you know that there is no limit on hoarding when there should be. Also like you said that the products are perishable in nature. Hoarding only helps them exploit the producers/farmers even more. For eg a product with MSP of Rs 100 for once is purchased at Rs 120 resulting in maximum produce and sale, let's say twice the actual demand. The remaining produce can be hoarded and in the next season, traders/buyers can either refuse to buy newer products or ask them farmers to sell the same products at a half price. Because of their perishable nature, farmers wouldn't have other options but to agree. Also the potential players will be very limited and an open market saying is just a gimmick because in the beginning, the products will be purchased at lucrative prices which have never been offered earlier, at prices which cannot be paid by others, even with taking huge losses on the account of buyers, to kill a potential competition like it happened in the case of Jio. Even Idea and Vodafone failed to survive. Which other buyer can take losses as much as Adani in the agriculture sector? Anyone? And then when the competition is dead, there's no MSP to protect farmer's interests, mandis will close down eventually as they'd largely remain non-functional because of a better deal from the Pvt buyers in the beginning like it happened with BSNL. We already have seen such market disasters in the recent times, don't we learn anything from it? How can farmers survive an exploitative monopoly which even Idea and Vodafone couldn't survive? APMCs are atleast in the interest of farmers, New farm bills actually make the producers/farmers most vulnerable. In APMCs, traders license is given to those who are close to state Govts and the Govts keep changing thus keeping the cycle running. Open markets with no law for MSP, unlimited hoarding and with giants like Adani it's just delusional to expect a fair business taking place even in an open market. This monopoly is worse by a 100 miles when compared to the conventional system of APMCs.
did the driver in white shirt from the jeep die?
This is an secret agenda of multinational company to control on food by controlling seed with help of patent law and promote artificial seed.
A debate on similar models adopted in different countries and the impact on the living standards is needed. Every time India experiments we have seen naysayers. Same thing happened when we decided to get our share in the global economy. Our living standard improved and economists resented the late entry.
YOUTUBE: THIS IS FINE.
Aur tum nay kya kiya uss ka hisaab kon dega. You will get punishment,  behind the Barsss for it. You forgot people killed by you people, disrespectful ness  for our countrys Flag. How could you forget. You all will get punishment first
They're not farmer they're our pride.
omg these r farmers??
 flee the city before these Taliban fools get coalition bombed.
Now anti - india forces like Pakistan have joined Khalistan separatists  and Maoist groups supported by China are getting involved under so called farmers stir which is only from one state Punjab and opposition politicians with the middlemen are paying the unions to stir the protest 
Please let me know how I can join this?
Tui age Kotha bolte shik
Now head of kisan union fighting election so political driven kisan andolan ? Watch ramnik Singh Mann on kisan andolan
India lost total investment which he spent on Afghanistan..Idiot Moodi
These kinda youth gives me hope for the country! Exactly how visionaries like Swami Vivekananda, abdul kalam, bhagat singh imagined.
Simply the judges are pro BJP .
I this is big reform and green revolution we know agriculture must need reform b'coz 70 % people depend and world bank also said that agriculture sector need reform I think this reforms help in 5 trillion economy
Take the example of govt school and private school, govt hospitals and private hospitals. All govt institutions are in defunct state
 1.MSP legality kya yeh bhi ensure kar sakta hai ki a buyer compulsorily has to buy a crop of any quality at MSP or even at a lower price?
Indian Elected Government has turned against farmers!
Congress and communist supports fake kisan and thr rally on 26thjan.
World war 3 is Pakistan and India 
Jit ne lok mare he sake lie ey mador cod rakes tiket he ey ek no ka mador cod he
This fool has no solution but only cribbing. In contrast please all listen to Prof. Gulati. This man has nothing to offer to the farmers
It's not farm laws now or poor farmers .
Very nice video thank you sir
Our grandparents have won, and Modi you put them through so much hell!  Day and night, khoon paseena, but can you bring back those that have lost their lives during the protest????? If you had done this sooner we would have them with us right now.   You will pay you incompetent PM.  Karma's a bitch and it will come back to haunt you.
Btw if BJP would have been in opposition they atleast don't not go to fake left rallies which illegally occupies roads and they don't seek support of foreigners to malign Indian image !! They protest in parliament
Please make one more video on farm bill. ..
very helpful
America is joke. Theyre making deals with them and & fighting them . Why didnt the worlds superpower & its allies   stay and see it through. Where was Captain America 
Rakesh dakait is a great cheater
Sansad main churcha hui, manthan Hua!! What a lie.
Fact is UP Election
BJP was expecting some home grown terrorism or renewed Khalistani movement supported by Pakistan and China, and that is the real reason behind this activity. India already fighting two wars (Pakistan and China), domestc wars against Kashmiri jihadis and Mao folks. In addition to this, punjab turmoil would be extra burden on the BJP Govt.
Nobody will go... reality of andolan exposed
Great ground reporting good journalism by Newslaundry and whole team members thank you so much 
USA PLEASE HELP TO INDIAN-FARMERS
Petrol electricity water aur everything bjp sucks
The people Of Village Support Taliban So Stop crying For them. Their Country Their Dicission
I dont think this is Good journalism  I think you can do better! And should,
Very superr 
The Most Arrogant Government India ever witnessed.
Dont pull sadhguru in every matter
Where are one's who called farmer's as anthoan Jeeves??
How come it's Bharat Bandh when it's mainly around Delhi/NCR only 
After everything that happened in India during COVID, corporates got richer and stock markets soared while the labourers lost jobs and livelihoods- how can you still trust the free market to give farmers fairer prices? It won't be long before Gujarati businessmen control the market for food, making both consumers and farmers suffer!
Many many congratulations 
We want repeal black law.
Taliban came into existence in 2002 during the Godhra massacre under Asaram Bapu...ask Qutabuddin Ansari what had brothers in arms done to show case the country's freedom once again after 1947...
This channel is constantly abusing farmers and calling them antinationals and they r very happy about how police is ready to beat them and remove them and shame them
Two heavyweights of Punjab and Maharashtra were ruined with these bills.
We are eating the farmers effects government should understand  I praised my farmers I love them let's God save them I think the government are eating----------f
Rich Farmers R trying to block development of poor farmers.
Parties never thought that pm modi will open old file Subramanian of farmers,give them all benefits,now cannot even repent.
You the BBC HAVE NOT REPORTED ON THIS PROPERLY AT ALL. YOU HAVE CENSORED IT SO MUCH, SIKHS ARE SHOCKED. 700 FARMERS DEAD, THE LARGEST PROTESTS IN HISTORY AND ALMOST NOTHING FROM YOU. SHAME ON YOU.
This BJP govt. has no right to continue as govt.
These women or protesters should be in jail. Because they think they in democratic country
2. What about MSP(minimum supporting price) & APMC(agriculture products market price)??
Increase coverage and deploy more reporter with good thumbnail
This Not a police officer janab, this Man BJP party network Man Or RSS network people
It is sad the farmers got nothing out of this because of their leaders ego.
I agree with you ji
Shame on press ABP news sold out godi media
Love uhh all news washing machine Team ur such a great great buggiis congratulations
Arnabs hate against Farmer protest is so satisfying. If he is targetting someone then that means they are doing something right
It is like naming movie as development and showing poster of Afghanistan. Have some common scene guys.
Forget that just consider from 2000 till 2020.
Don't delete this news till then
Cursing a particular leader will not help at all
bs screw sc
Barbaric action against its citizens
No protection for Jawan Nd kisan godi government'
Scenario seems like share market and subji Mandi in the background, what a pity!
It's quite surprising that his son is still alive if he was at the spot ....8 people died 4 farmer + 4 others .......Hope justice prevails to all.
The Indian army wont have the same handcuffs that Brit/USA had to wear! Im pretty sure they would show the Taliban how its done!
The Punjab has had a.problem diversifying the agriculture Why Monsanto a d and other agencies did not try to establishother crops?
We count on good people to pay for good journalism. Please subscribe to ThePrint here: https://theprint.in/subscribe/ This includes the link for subscription from overseas too.
Pls bjp govt put maratha army in front of Pakistan border
Yeh action pahle lena chaiye tha
I request and urge all the readers and subscription members to download pdf of all 3 farm bill and read it by yourself. 
Ara sar phodna tho bjp aur rss ki constitution ma ha....
They want to destroy the farmer's
Who's here after the farm laws are repealed
Now the WHOLE WORLD is protesting!......
Respect 2:07
TALIBAN EK ISLAMIC TERRORISM HAI
IPL: Royal Challengers Bengaluru keep calm as Kishan-Pollard storm, win Super Over vs Mumbai Indians
This guy is a joke...
INDIA is a violent country, don't tell me about Afganistan,Pakistan and other countries in reply,I know about that,these countries are violent too,But you should not defend your wrong things by other's wrong things...
Up election hai
I feel that this farm bill proposed by Gov. needs some changes & amendments to imply that our most diligent & hardworking farmer brothers get their truly deserving  rewards:
respect brother 
Sir that explanation was best
And plz report the truth! 
Civil War in India
Looters , corruptionist , fundamentalist , Rapist etc currently ruling India .
So these are pissful protest
1 year from now
Please provide facility for link Aadhar to one are more Aadhar of Relative.
Boycott all news channel
Covid news lao
The thief comes only to steal, to kill, to destroy; I have come that men may have life, and may have it in all its fullness.  (John 10: 9-10) 
Don't forget ...what happened on red fort on ..##26 January...this should not have done by so called .....kisaan...but not kisaan
Government should not listen to these non-sense. These leaders representing the farmers are really pampered politicians. Government should stop giving subsidies and MSP and use the money for something productive like healthcare, education, infra etc. If a Rickshaw puller does not get enough customer, government does not come at the end of the day to take a ride to make up for that loss - why then government do that for farmers? Idolizing farmers have got us nowhere, we have to realize  it is just another business; you own land, pay tax (proper tax commensurate with the farmland value like other property taxes; not the tiny amount they are paying now), produce, compete, if you gain then again pay income tax - that's how it should be. If you can't, then give up your land, there are other people who know how to make good use of it. Government should NATIONALIZE entire land-area of this country, then keep some aside for Infrastructure, Keep some aside for industries, and auction the remaining land to leasing basis for 5 years periods - that's the only way to solve a lot of problems in this country.
ALAIKUM..
Kannon glt tha prrr motive sahi tha bete
Please save our India 
Please do include palki Sharma in godi ratings.
Gandhi ji ko ek bar or 6th 10th class vapas padhna chahiye
Bunch of idiots... Suppressing farmers protest... Suppressing farmers income
Very good explanation by Shri Sanjeev Kumar Chaddha MD-NAFED. about MSP and other related farmer's issues. Thanks for it.
Why the top BJP leaders keeping their mouth shut? None other than they might have taken huge favor from the corporates. If the leaders open their mouth in favor of farmers, then corporates open their loud mouth against BJP leaders. that's it. The BJP top are helpless or die........
Bro you are perfect. Modi is not for Hindu . Yes this is truth.
Every man shall sit under his own vine and fig tree.
Samajh jao Hindus. Aage ki journey easy nahi hone wali. Yaha power play ho raha h religion ke naam pe. 
Haryana and punjab are to of the biggest agricultural states but people in there states have been taking up loans and sending their kids abroad so that they dont get into this vicious circle where a farmers has more to suffer than anyother in the society. If agriculture would have been so good in out country people would have not been sending their kids outside. 
   Only one chance 
Something bigger coming  linked to national security. Protest helped Pakistan to infiltrate .  The quint, the print etc will they investigate Pakistan sending arms in India? Will they ask congress to speak about it since congress knows everything.
Shall we trust BJP Govt. headed by Mr Modi until and unless the Bill be place in both houses of Parliament? Is it Modi government compensate the lost of the farmers for a year long agitations?
Mr. ADGP Be ready to pack your bags to go home telling lies.
And as Modi said in the parliament, our dear Sikh brothers did a lot for our country than any other community (besides TATA's/Parsis aside), they give their blood for its safety on the borders and no one can deny this. They are the most respected, jovial, and loved community across India. Let us sit and talk about what can be done alternatively that will not cause any major loss to them.
How you edit and make these videos
Surprisingly for 2 mo. No violence, Maha panchayat no violence but on 26th Jan violence - Public knows everything & who really did the violence. Why has police not arrested Deep Sidhu the BJP agent who did the violence to spoil farmer names
India's agriculture has 50% employment. After the agricultural reform, agricultural companies do not need so many workers. The agricultural policy of the Communist Party of India (Marxism) is more successful than CPC, but CPC has more achievements in industry, so many farmers enter the industrial system after leaving their fields. But CPC had many tragic stories because of the employment problem. From 1980 to 2000, China was like a mini Yeltsin's Russia.
This is good statement by Chief Minister Sh. Manohar lal ji, In the spite of this matter now excess has done by some political people's so called farmers protesters.
TNKU BABA JI APNE MERA PYAR MUJHE WAPS LOUTA DIYA 
India Today is biased. Shame on you godi media
Character less persons are called celebrity by media .
Sir english medium me publish kijiyee please...
Why is everybody believing just one side of the story without any in-depth knowledge about the matter
Sir took a hard action and not only speech.
---Supported and financed the terrorist organization Tamil LTTE to rebel against Sri Lanka government
Shame for doing this. NO free Press allowed, building a border within the Country. We are not far away from beating North Korea's track record.
Political vendetta by congress Akali they do it beat ordinary citizens.
You are  greatest teacher of history on YouTube for me.kindly do ancient and medieval history too
Sorry cm too little to late
Best analysis with best example and situation and confusion regarding Farmer protest
I have been staunch supporter of farmers protests but this a very bad timing, please go back! don't be one more superspreaders.
Dear PM thanks for this decision but I will like hear from you that all farmers who lost their lives in stire their families will be given  Rs  1500 pension per month.
If Government care about their people just they should drop this farm Bill's 
Dear Fellow Countrymen / women
Thank you sir it was really helpful, and i really appreciate your hard work.
I am surprised. No Big News on what these farm laws are. No media channel explained the laws.
current govt. doesn't have balls to face the criticism
We have seen the way they tried to run over police personnel in Delhi  on Independence day. This region was in the thick of Khalistani activism in the 80's Activist attacked the transiting vehicles as they tried to escape in their vehicles. Sikh We have seen they way they tried to run over police personnel in Delhi  on Independence day.migrant farmers own and occupy large tracts of Benami farm lands owned by clearing forest and pastoral lands in the Terai regions fearing government action there has been conflicts over several decades.
Thank you scoophoop for the efforts to aware everyone about the unknown facts of green revolution...
When they help Afghanistan, you call the Afghan Government infidels.
I SUPPORT FAM BILLS
Divide and rule by 
I think this is great for Indian Democracy; I am not an expert on the farm laws but I leave it to the expert; I am only examining the functioning of Democracy in India; Imagine since BJP took over for every thing they pass an Ordinance. Which means they do not want any discussion at all. Second, the President is signing every thing and never on a single occasion questioned why the urgency for the Ordinance? And the way parliament sessions are conducted is even worse; The Speaker/Chairman does not bring any bill for discussion until last minute and then passing them through voice votes!!! Even the way Finance Budget was presented last year was horrible. The FM does not give any details and asks to refer to the Budget addendum for every thing that will be shared after the session; And after the session it was all crap, with no data; Definitely, the current Government does not want to take questions and Accountability; Democracy is failing in India and if that continues, we will end up the way like China.
AAJ TAK  GODI DALAL MEDIA KI BHARAT ME NAHI PURI DUNIYA ME 0 VALUE HO CHUKI HAI.
Atleast stubble burning should have been banned
Quint is a left leaning media obviously we cannot expect authentic news here
    2.4 Govt will not provide subsidiaries or help and income of farmers will depend on rise and fall of market. 
Thank you
I got the idea of this. This is the same policy that British did with us.
It is RSS mouth peace, oh god
Modis portrayal of being a selfless leader has turned out to be hoax!
Thank you bro for true journalism
Best vedio on farmers protest. Nice explanation sir ji thanks sir
However... Farmer is already  free to sell crop to private sector , what is the meaning of bills then
All tractors used in the protest should be given to poor farmers of odisha and bihar
Shame on you  BJP 
It's done btw us and BJP
 In 2001, Pakistan provided a military base to the US military for billions of dollars to overthrow the Taliban government in Afghanistan and kill innocent Muslims.
Tikket thie jahil gadha... This jahil will not stop... Pls bring back this bill...
Everyone get scared by them in gurdwara as they are always high
You are amazing... I really like your videos.
Stay strong PUNJAB!!! Respect! Sikhs have pride and honor!
Where Jawans are attacking Kisans.
As he gets more national and international publicity, he becomes more bigger criminal. If the road blocade is removed by police action, he will cause law and order problem for 2 weeks, police have to act firmly. There after his work tapers & vanishes in thin air. If he is allowed to continue the blocade, he will become a uncontrollable Frankenstein monster. 
Arban shame on you, what is reality you know very well, just show real fact not suport anybody.
I think we should ignore this chanel bikauu media
Indian has deployed 1 million Army in Kashmir to stop the voice of innocent Kasmiri people, now what will they do with their own Farmer protesters who raise their voice against  hinduta Govt who are involved in descrimination of minorities
Ye sab jhoot hai, jhoot hai, jhoot hai, jo bhi modi ne bola. Sach ye h UP chunav arhe h...
very good you are real reporter 
1984 victims were killed with tires on their heads, most never got justice by police or the law, instead the police helped them find by marking houses of Sikhs. The holy book of Sikhs has been discriminated over 100 times in Punjab, with no culprits to be caught most of the time, police instead fired upon and killed Sikhs for protesting in 2015 against sacrilege cases (again no justice or law)
Perfect
However, he could not do anything by staying in Congress. He therefore left the Congress and decided to go with Modi-Shah. SAD also promised support to any move in the national interest but it was against Farm Laws for reasons best known to them.
People wearing Bhindrawaale T-Shirt....what about them
farmers and get control of their little lands, and make you and your children enslaved for ever.
End awaj te song
No modernization, no modern technology has to be adopted, still the farmers has to ride bull cart, poor farmers should not be awakened so that only the middle man and politicians can loot them.
Like you If BJP was in opposition may be they would have protested but not in such a dirty way
Next the back laws imposed on Indian Occupied Kashmir will have to be repelled
Friends Have a look on Congress History......
The government should respect the demands of the farmers. We don't know what is wrong with them. We don't like the government decision on this issue.
SDM must be booked under MURDER CHARGES action should be taken on all the police personals involvedSDM Ayush Sinha ordered Police to break Farmershead with bricks and lathis #Revoke3FarmersBill2020
YE PIG MAN .NEED PUT IN JAIL.
Thank you so much sir. Your videos are being helped me a lots. 
There are 23 crops purchased at msp  the government can always shuffle the crops its purchasing based on market demand and shortages. Also, it can enforce MSP on private players. How is giving a free hand to corporates justified?
Biggest one is that few motivated groups can stall reforms and by implication can be used by foreign entities to destabilise the policies.
My opinion for the peasant farmers movement!  
You're a godi channel. You're reaction wasn't surprising. Godi mascot channel
3. The silencing of Periyar Nayaka and Ambedkar views for the brahmin-muslim thread-circumcision hindi casteist racist nation but eating taxes of Union needs to be tackled by non co-operation movement of not paying taxes when CJI and PM are themselves corrupt.
Indra Gandhi mula se sadhi karvai the bache to gande honge
*Full fledged riots were in the pipeline. Try to recall the statements made by the likes of Sharad Pawar, his pawn Uddhav Thackeray, Arvind Kejriwal, etc. etc.*
Shehnaz gill's father in the video at last
Moreover, Our Indian flag was as it is at there
Heartless govt ever in history. 
Anti nationls forces won
I do agree that MSP should be mentioned in the bill.. but these mandis which exist exploit the farmers by taking exorbitant taxes for selling their products in mandis.. This bill is totally good.. It just needs a good implementation and proper broadcast of information to the farmers and the tenants..
Sir, Come on Mr Taliban tally me bananas?
Why is this Ashish Mishra not arrested yet. So video shows this man driving the car
I am from a farming family from Odisha....and i can assure you that MSP is  a "MYTH"...Whatever the MSP(paddy) amount maybe we get only around 1500rs...the persons getting benefit from it are the middlemen
India m jitne v protest hote hai chahe wo fake kisan andolan ho ya caa nrc protest ye sare protest hamare desh k dusman desho dwara karwaya jata hai. jayse Pakistan China 
Watching this after the victory makes it even more sweet
Official  news handle  of anti india... How sick  u people  should  be....
Kejriwal should be the next pm
Proved, the BILLIONAIRE not smart enough to do business. He overlooked with farmers manpower as labours. Not a WISE businessman billionaire ( TATA )...
Twitter par sabko hashtag chalana chahiye  farmers ke liye
Sir I am fan of yours already
          2                view                  youtuber                         
Can't trust his word until everything on writing BIGGEST LIAR in universe
Chairman don't know rules 
Sale terriest ban hai hye
 police ke gand fate toh force dekho 
Congree is the real reason for repealing the law . They always supported the strikers and making the real farmers poor and helpless.The Congress only need people's attention and votes.
Population is large enough to put enough people together to disrupt, protest by design, any initiative that the people coming together are asked to dislike. As long as there is some thing in it for them.
.-Rajasthan Reet exam jach baki, reet scam exm center out leak gang dotasra bord connection nkl join sb pre fix pre set h, reet post bdhakar final exam or ho, Farji reet 2021 as patrata ho, snvida ps panchayt sahayk niymit ho, sanjivani aadrsh credit co oprative me jma logo ka dhan vaps mile, Farji reet  ka re exam, Farji reet bad ek exam or ho tbhi nyay hoga.,phle bhi vm vs bharti me bonus alg cader niymit ki goli di gyi, phir se vhi goli.?...6600 per month pr panchayat snvida krmi 2 mhine se strike pr h,are u human????where is govt humanity,,,,
Y this Feku papa spending time to became Dislike chacha 
There has been hike of cooking oil and pulses price in recent months which is going out of control.
Sir it would be nice agr uska pdf link mil jata , pizz sir do something
Dirty politics of BJP. They made & passed the laws without discussing with the farmers. They remained adamant when the farmers protested. Now after many farmers died, they declare that they will repeal the laws. I regret of voting for this party. I swear I will never vote for this party.
Put it on 2xspeed save your time
Sadhguru, till now, I followed you, but realized today that u r a dhongi and a bjp puppet.
Jitne hzaro crore ka loss hua he is andolan se wo paise de government ko yeh kishan union jo ladki ka rape hua he usko ijjat delayed and jiske GA kata gya he use bhi apriwar ko 1 crore compensation de kishan union
We want your govt. 4ever Sir
What changes Afghanistan's Free visiting one month grantis VISA for Indians????
Aajadi mil gai lekin english ki talve chatna nahi bhuloge thoda bahuht tha to chalta
 Godse's children started shouting Gandhi-Gandhi ..
Even the reporter knew she is doing wrong, pls don't make misleading videos,  go out there and do journalism.
Anarchy over Anarchy happening in the nation? 
Good.. That means you stood against something wrong and did a good job..
Stupid decision. Farmers should have read the laws because if they did they would have understood these laws would benefit them hugely. They would have made higher incomes throughout the year therefore a reduction if not a complete stop of farmers committing suicide.
Excellent explanation. Thanks
I guess not, because the farm bill is only a  choice provided to the farmer to either sell to the APMC or any private player.  (Preamble of the bill) . Here the farmer is made KING n not the blood sucking middlemen.
This is our country, where murder is happening in public. and what else do we have to see
Total  intelligence and security failures on a important day
Dewas Multimedia fraud - facts which most of us are not aware of as the (corrupt) media  did not give due coverage. Listen to this clip and you will be shocked.
"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win." Mahatma Gandhi.
Govt is testing the patience of commons
Amazing and informative video.  Thanks Amit.
Watching the bhakt reactions in the comments is amazing. They are the stupidest people alive; just use the word "reform" and they will support anything.
Worst news channel
Nice.....#Karunesh_Pathak
If Emperor Modi wants to keep his throne, he should let the northern states secede from India or else there will be a bloody civil war.
Govt. ignored  when hundreds of farmers lost their lives but when elections approach they  kick started election propaganda by this step
#StandWithFarmer
Hypocrite clowns coming to defend the crime
The best News Channel 
as always..Thank you
remember struggle from the British Indian government
Million dollars company v/s a single faemer .  Only1 % chance a farmer can win .mncs have both money and power .
25  years ago Adani roamed through the streets of Ahmedabad on a vespa scooter, today he plays in billions. His start was dealing in fraudulent import replenishment licences, import polyester yarn and exporting containers of mud or cheap leftover grain!  He made millions and hundreds of units in the polyester industry were shut down because of cheap imports, including mine. Today he sits with our PM and they hatch new ways to loot India  but he has been stopped in his tracks by PUNJAB, the destroyers of abdali, ghazni and Ghori other looters from afghanistan!!
Panwar toh Chor h
May God give strength to these farmers to continue to protest till the anti-farmer laws are repealed/taken back.
This movement alone can bring revolution!!
As well as farmers right
Why channel so behind him.
We are getting your voice from Rajesh
Finally khalistanis got a excuse to take revenge of 1984 riots, thats why!
As a farmer myself. The decision by Govt of India is correct it benefits poor farmers. This is done by opposition parties as most of the farmers are illiterate they don't understand the benefits of these laws.
What a sellout !
Chor looteronko panchayat mey kya hogabhaiyya  buss loote hi hoga.
It's looks like after making railway private for Ambani's and burkas etc they will make everything private 
Rajdeep go to site & capture all the pictures, & telecast without bias. Farmers are across the Country , it is not only Punjab & Haryana. Bloddy these two states only grow paddy & wheat & get all subsidy ,
According to gobrandu
Apologize to all the farmers of India and dont try such mischief again. Remember farmers are the people who produce food for all people of India. Now compensate the families who have lost their loved ones (700 deaths)
Thodi aur knowledge rkhiye sir. Wese bi ye kanoon radd ho chuke hain.
Govt must bring farm income under tax cover even if it is notional and spare taxpayers money for taxpayers developments/social security and healthcare.
NDTV s most corrupt channel and their staff unprofessional. They would not get the job cause the have one idiotic and they listen to their BOSS 
Farmers do need reforms very much but not these ones!!
Shame on humanity
This anti national PAPPU will not permit the Nation to prosper. He is actually a foreign agent. 
I think it is good move
Jai  kisan jai kisan andolan.  I appreciate the ideology of congress. I shall continue to vote for and support congress.
that the resources here can be occupied by Xina and Xlam. they played 
BJP and RSS now should get rid of their divisive, caste & communal  policies. They should come up from the level of dogmatic thoughts.
Farmers for Freedom
Option glat diye h
Because the western country is good at the double standards
india needs to increase army to 90 million and fight
What a nice .....ing
So called farmers leaders should be arrested and put up in port Blair jail.
Watching this after those law have been repealed
But came here to say that 
According to Abhijit Iyer Mitra BJP is throwing the country under the truck. Was the congress putting the country on the truck?
chor and bika hua indian media...you should be ashamed of yourselves
because modi out godi media out ..
Indian government same
Attacking and killing someone with your car is terrorism... Support the farmers
      I wish people had more common sense. Voting for the vary same corrupt polititions (caste/class preferences) and believing in exploitative adhati and reactionists politition is not good. MSP is not going anywhere. Like in every case where situation demands the government stands with its people (whether RCEP,  PANDEMIC (Govt. was paying salary, medical services, welfare paments, subsidies etc even though economy was at a standstill) , it is the govt who is providing subsidies, 6000 rs. at the first place for welfare of its people, or any other situation) , so will be in this case. 
Very Well Effort.....Well Explained....
Are we stupid to trust on u?
Sooo....the farmers don't want capitalism? They want governments to regulate the markets and do not want a free market.
This is all South Indian money wasted on North Indian farmers In the name of fair price. I. South India farmers sell to corporate companies their produce and make money.
Enjoy TOO MUCH DEMOCRACY
Too late after mowing down the farmers with your party men.
I really feel thankful to you. Your every videos are so informative. And i understand each and everything so nicely. 
Wrt farming soil based, nature based farming should be promoted we are heading for overdevelopment otherwise
Thy are working on project to Convert BHARAT into AFGANISTAN..
This type of conclave should happen in West Bengal.
Kissan antholan videshi funding
When something happens in America, modi is always on time to tweet some bullshit. But now that 70 people died in India, he hasn't said a word about it
The Only Thing Necessary for the Triumph of Evil is that Good Men Do Nothing
He is always in natural act..and style of talking..
Great message 
Just forward this text to everyone in your friend circle, this is the only contribution we need from you. 
Zee news finally completed the half target  . Please shows more negative news on this useless andolan. Congrats to all.
Based on what logic, facts and in favour of whom is this new genocide plan made? Anyone with basic general knowledge knows what happened in Mexico after they implemented something like this and millions died out of starvation or fled as illegal immigrants, aka slaves, to the USA due to hunger. This is what happens if power and money hungry politicians, without basic education is elected, people die of real hunger. VOTE CURRUPTION OUT!
At the time of congress govt, almost half of sonebhadra mountains were mined away, many people without any values and education  has gained crores of rupees.  These arabpati without education dominated the normal public
clearly explained by u sir
Finally protest ended . Happy now
Good analysis .
Clap dosent happen with one hand two hands are needed. Something is wrong. Still i feel UP police responsible. this could have been avoided.
My  school  works 
Thank you so much sir 
BJP MUKT UP
and many more !!
Thanks for making this video by Drone 
Andolan now has turned for demands for grants budget.
If you believe Modi is Demi god and Middlemen are he real villains you will support the bills!
Why don't want to understand  the MSP means government purchase all crops MSP is a guarantee like MRP
Very good. These are not KISAN. They are traitors
But murdering others is not your right.
When farmers were protesting peacefully for nearly two three months everybody ignored them but when they decided to go to Delhi trucks,buses and cement barricades were put in the middle of the road 
Dear illiterate northiess....Why south farmers should suffer for duffer and broker of north india? No south state farmers protested and we have to suffer without reforms? Make seperate laws for south india and we dnt want foolish north indian politics!! We need farm laws which is long pending request...
1:50 The Current Protests
Still now Modi was telling sabka sath, sabka Vikas and sabka biswas but it appears he is with arthias/middle man sath. It is a black day for small and marginal farmers.
Thank you very much mam.... 
Vin Diesel of Fast and Furious training diya hoga minister ka bete ko salman khan ka reference hoga shayad
Zee BJP news will be like we saw photos of Guns on Bikes and Tractors, wait we are getting reports there were anti Indian slogans. Who is funding these people! Are these mumbai farmers mislead by naxalites?
No Farmers No Food
What a shame ...
His party people has said so many offensive s* people have died and he saying hum unhe samjhate rahe... Well basically they(kisaan) were explaining to you than but you took too long... Reading up the autocue , doesnt feel like its coming from his heart... He needs those kisaan for the grains... Just say that...
Now modi is doomed. He is doing the same mistake what Indra gandhi did with Sikh brothers. He messed up with wrong people for the corporates.
This is too much, not at all acceptable. What kind of ethics these bjp politicians have. These kind of people are shame and nuisance to our society. This is democratic country, step down from power bjp mp.
Please share it. Please
He is mocking the so called justice
Pl arrest dip sidhu,sarban pandher first
On
And all are either farmer's brothers or their sons
Don't Mess with Tikaiti - he's Long Lasting.
Whats the difference india is doing same in kashmir even worse
These three jokers can give  how many kishan died?
Sir 80 % kisaan jo Morche ke sath the boo jaa nhi pate the dheli but bo andolan ke sath the
3) Farmers can be easily exploited by the companies because there is no mechanism of fixation of prices in price assurance bill.
Democracy is an illusion now.
Ur video is just like"Small packet big bang"it really make my all concepts related to this farm bill clear nd also make me able to ponder about the reasons why farmers are protesting. 
RONE WALON SE KAHO KI UNKA BHI RONA RO LEN,JINKO MAJBOORIYEN HAALAAT NE RONE NA DIYA ."
Only BJP. Super speech by Tyagi Ji. Keep it up. I like it.
West Bengal is highest producers of vegetables. WB produces 26 % potato . I am from Hooghly district of West Bengal . A potato producing district.
All staged by BJP to defame this protest
Is smita ani editor or bjp spokeswoman
these terrorists should leave Talibans alone
Govt should clean these wastes and has to ensure no garbage piles once again in street in the name of protest.
Government has genuinely tried to address/help farming, but fake farmers have destroyed everything. After all Modi is a politician, he cant keep losing his political capital & instead turn his attention towards something more productive to the country/poll prospects etc..
We should get out of the victory or death mindset 
Very very sad news.Let their soul rest in peace.
election sabse badi majburi thi is kam k liye
CATCH ALL THE MINISTER AND HIS SON AND ALL THE POLICE .
#FarmersProtest still going on.please support
So plz believe on true news
Where is swati ji lallantop???
Actual video is of 45 sec and it's clearly visible that the cheep hitting farmer has a broken windscreen on driver side that means visibility was zero ans the people who attacked the jeep came into seen after 28th second fully armed with rods and swords. It was pre planed and now court enquiry will bring the truth. Watch the video again and again and to ican clearly see the smashed windscreen of the jeep hitting the farmer ...who attacked this jeep
Samdish              , 
1. Says whole india was against farm bill
Yeh Muslim log Ka desh hi Afghanistan India me nhi ana chaiyea.... Warna Muslim country ho Jayega .... Jai Shree ram
18:46 Arnab said "Serious Issue..." which build up till 19:07, then it became too serious! 
Victory
Bogus news... Browbnosing journalism
Ms. Shirin Ji, when Modi and other political parties conducted election rallies, roadshows during west bengal assembly elections no one followed Covid-19 norms like no mask, no social distancing right? did you you your news channel opposed/pointed out the violations done by political rallies, roadshows? How much truth your channel is showing to general public?
Before a farmer can only sell their crop to mandi at some fixed price. Now the farmers can sell their crop to anyone where they can get good revenue in return. Along with the mandis still being maintained. Now the farmers get to chose who to sell their crop.
Took 1 year for our chai wala to realize. Idiot.
I'm a farmer myself in India and I do support the govt... It's helping us in numerous ways... Not all Indian farmers are protesting you know
Langerjeets playing victim card
Buy from mandi ~
We all can work, but together we win. Unity is strength. Congratulations India. 
The man Abhijit Iyer commenting is bogus and crap.
Our PM best pm of the world , gratitude 
You pay money to this news channels they will show only that news for whole year. You are dangerous then the poision for this country. Shame 
I don't know why i am feeling helpless today.
Thankyou for explanation
Kisan pokhare thora
I am not a farmer even I have agriculture land and supporter of Kisan Morcha from the beginning. I suggest you to open Toll Plaza as it must effect the development of Punjab in future. It is my humble request only.
The are not Kisan who give their work on contract to u.p.labour instead of doing work himself. U. P labour are real kisanon now. Who do not work are contractor,
You are too good. I was deeply impressed!
who is funding this aandolan ?
So many andha bhakts comment in republic tv
ha ha this bstd butcher did 1 thing right,
Very well explained Sir. I went through 3 to 4 videos by different channels but none of them could highlight the pros and cons, almost every channel informed about the pros. Thank You for such unbiased info 
Put them behind the bar
Can anyone clarify me that what are those laws ?
shame on you @ Zeenews
@soch ,. Please include English Subtitles on all your videos.  Your videos are informative , but unable to understand completely due to linguistic issues
  Subscribe            
Can't find out kindness, sympathy,love for farmers and secularism. Something is fishy.
BJP has already messed up so badly  that they dont care about any protests anymore...they know as long as they keep making temples and privatise government sectors to ensure friends and funds for itself they will keep buying MPs and rule India under Adolf Naughty Modi
Yes it was a mistake.... I never repeat it....
Farmers should come to court..,.they live with facilittle staying and obstructing public adamantly....bad courts...this kind of protest if followed then Delhi be always see these
Excellent teaching...plz cover Ramesh sing book chapter wise...rlp...
Tere bapp 09 month se bethe h wo sdm teri chori ka log h kya
It is long overdue that all like-minded
Sir i am kerala please uploaded English and hindi question answers
Option: C
I don't know why 
Now the educated people of India seem to understand which ignorant people they have voted for. The BJP is a herd of wolves. This is about India The sooner people understand, the better, otherwise they will regret it.
Protests in pandemic should be illegal.
please upload mcq on all topic
Our Farmers will decide whats good or bad for them.
Thank You Sir
    quality seed       sir
I will support full aiming party
Stopping the Sponsors of Weapons , Manpower & Money to terrorist groups in Afghanistan would reduced the Killings of innocent Afghans in Afghanistan! 
Thanks sir 
You missed a lot of points from the law...
Where our democracy?
It's yearly 8000rs/acre, 4000rs for 1st crop and 4000rs for 2nd crop.
They will do namaz when it's time to do even in such chaos
Notorious, go to hell
2) Before this ordinance also any farmer can sell his crop to any state. There ia no restrictions. Many of Haryana farmers sell their wheat in Narela Mandi....
Republic TV get your sound adjustments right, can't understand anything.
The protest taking place literally only in punjab and haryana lol. Pretty sure farmers exist outside of those two states in the massive country of Indian xD
Farmers can not go to courts. They will go to SDM and DC.
Like Priynka Gandhi , Rahul Gandhi.  These are terrorist . They want to loot india.  And ran away from india.  They want destroy the image created by modi in past 7 years.
One as a PM . This Mungerilal made everything wrong .
It's just for vote bank politics.
Now Farmers wants to run the election, WOW! What else you can expect from some of these Fake, IDIOT Farmers like RAKESH TIKAIT and few others.
Bollywood is modern brothel nudity vulgar and immoral relationship......
Respected Delhi Police,  please fix route and allow farmers to do a March,  it will be matter of national pride that farmers are participating in this March..., like we feel good when warfares r displayed,   is symbol of what handled  INDIAN ECONOMY DURING CRISIS...
Ye to hona hi tha . Bc daily road block kroge . To pele hi jaoge . Waise se bhi agricultural se desh nhi chalta .. they are barely contributing 12-13% only .. so U can not block entire 87% percent for your stupid demand .
I have been a reader of The Hindu for more than 50 years. But of late it has given up its neutrality and has taken up 100% biased reporting. So we(myself and our circle) are going to stop reading it. Very soon all right-thinking people will discard The Hindu (already many have).
When you pull the trigger and give the credit to the gun maker..
I am sikh my religion teaches peace but I don't know whether these guys have understood this. That first nihang who accepted his sin was not even nihang .under his dastar(turban) he had short hair.We watched in the video in which he was bought out of the court.. I don't know who these people are playing with .  Who give them the authority to murder somone without proof. Presenting proof and letting the government decide the action was the correct method not murdering him brutally.
Don't know don't know  what kind of an analysis is this 
Today modi ji cancelled all the three laws
This issue will bring down Politician and their Political party Down #jaijawanjiakisan 
What about the political parties do the follow the same rules .
They have paralysed the whole legal system and know that everything is under their control now. Shameful comments from a Shameless leader.
Disgraceful farmers and their distrustful leadership.
Modis government holdings future fire for farmers
At rate bal
Godi Media..check your sources again,  Farmers in this protest are from every corner of India.  Since 2014 a farmer commits suicide every hour of every day, mainly punjab.  Educate yourself!!!
The people should learn from this and think before election instead of selling the votes for money
You are right ticket ji
How this channel support
I see a lot of people in comments that centre has done wrong by repealing the laws ..I want to ask u where were u that time ?? 
Tractor picnic . Time waste .
It's so stupid our opposition have to read and speak. ROFL  what confidence they exhibit 
Taliban should take over Pakistan. They do a better job at governing.
HT BGM killed me in this video 
Yogi Ji we know you are not happy 
Your knowledge is incomplete and your explanation is wrong you don't know reality ..
Communist thinking they have place in democracy ....
Bjp ke bharose baithe ho?? 
               PM ()                                LIC                           5                              GST            
It is better to make the States compete for benefits than thrust it on them.
Where is Rihanna for Taliban??
Bjp bakths should sit on those spikes
Indians remember republic day kisan at red fort. Tikait & others don't go to farmers committing suicide in Maharashtra, Is it because not getting any fund for going there & is congress ruled state???????????
The agriculture minister himself is saying that there is no need of charcha (Discussion) on this ....yet some guys in the comment section think that repealing is good enough without a discussion..the new India mitron ...
Not Question to the asked to questioner 
Shameless and Arrogant Prime Minister. According to BJP, Democracy starts and ends with Election.
Pakistan Air Force is found involved to attacked Northan Alliance at Panjshir along with Taliban. Pakistan Army also involved. How the media are silent, are they worried Taliban and Pakistan?
What is the stupid argument these BJP spokesperson are giving, are they out of mind? we have to stop all these stupidity by remove these people from power, BJP people are just lying.
Unresearched and baseless journalism. This is typical of Vice news of late, sad story. Any Indian citizen will tell you these are politicians not farmers. Thanks for wasting my time.
Its political stupidity, in Punjab BJPs presence is minimal earlier and it will be the same now.
This kind of farmers are the curse for the country and defaming real farmers
They are replaying the old video check out the people clothes they are wearing winter wear.....
Shekhar, you deserve the Bharat RATNA for your lifetime of journalism with integrity and brilliance. Your analysis of the Farm Bills is the best Ive seen. I am your biggest fan. As much as you support these bills, you, in your other report, criticise the governments handling of the protests. I agree with you on both counts. Objective journalism at its best. You are a journalistic jewel.
Govt asks state implement direct money transfer to farmers account and singhu border ke supporter asking no direct transfer , but first pay money to dalal and then farmers can roll on these dalalls feet to get money. LOL ..... Now i know why dalals are using rihana greta and karan duas channel to promote lies
1 sided reporting shame on you
shame on you . I used to respect you but I know now that you are also of them. An evil man talking about god Is like a thief smiling at you while robbing
The people of Afghanistan will never accept being ruled by this terrorist group.  In time everyone will see how determined the Afghan people are. Taliban will be sorry.
Boht ache farmer bhaiyo
I don't want to call this but I have to "Asshole". Make a vlog on why this was rolled back today.
Do whatever unless I go to borders, change farmers protests to movement to overthrow this undemocratic, fascist, illegitimate govt, kisans won't hear anyone!Do whatever....
And Yet The Punjabis Blame Haryanvi's For January 26. Punjabis have No SHAME. I knew Already they will Put Blame on Haryanvi JAT.
Congratulations, after almost 1 years all 3 farm laws are repealed
Never Expected Modi to do appeasement politics, more than 800 million people are standing behind him as a rock & he is still going round and round on his issues, poor judgment by modi, he should understand if we want to appriciate gandhian ideology or balancing act politics we would have goven vote to congress instead bjp.
Correction: The Supreme Court appointed Panel has already submitted the report to the SC, the SC sat on the report, they should have public the report.
I always vote for BJP. But now never will I vote for BJP. Till I die.
Best explanation on the failure of the laws. Thank you.
The bill was clear and transparent but this so called farmers didnt want to even give it a read and started protesting because their middle earning was at risk. 
This protest is of TUKDE TUKDE GANG for KHALISTAN chutiyoh "PLEASE advise SIKHS who are shouting for KHALISTAN to MAKE one KHALISTAN IN UNITED KINGDOM one in USA one in CANADA one in EU because now there is more SIKH POPULATION in these countries than in INDIA" Farmer ub gaya TEL LEYNEY arey KANJARWAAL Khalistani toh terey FANS hai you are the TUKDE TUKDE GANG and that famous Dilli kaa CHUMGAADUD
This is a fake agitation stoked by unemployed politicians of opposition parties and commission agents of punjab
Wid low gdp n pci inflation unemployment poverty com to living god for rest,died 4 ur sins n arose 3rd day gav u heaven if u believe.c faith in google.,...l
Bjp the most undemocratic political party in the world. Now Khattar faater have started to sense that his seat is in danger and trying everything to save his own images and projecting as pro farmers.
Rich farmers ' struggle is for preserving their vested interests
Thanks to Reveal this Truth  its much needed 
Shame on these antinationals who instigate people to violence they're so desperate to come back to power
And this media calls them terrorists!
Public must support farmers
          Now, supporting the Kissans I have disconnected  my own home Cable connection to stop listening  Aungraje, Godi media and anti-farmers Channels on TV.
Obliged by your explanation 
Main AAJ desh vasinyno se shama mangte hu.....cool
Time to go Mr. Modi ab bass bahot hogaya country is done with you. From day 1 you came to power JANTA is on road, cylinder substitute or note bandi...... many more this was not enough for u now farmers n dead bodies are on road. O BHAI AB BASS 
Farmer and police both hurt due to bjp activist deep sindhu is responsible......
What this anchor is trying to prove.
Couldnt have had a happier morning! 
He is good for nothing.
Also, have you bothered speaking to any farmer before coming to the conclusion? Maybe go to the protest site and speak to them and then share your perspective??? Itll be a little more responsible of you.
 India Physically Handicapped pay Income Tax whereas even Super Rich 
   khan sir  PM    ,    PM 5years         1 month           ,     vote      Thank you sir
Anchor repeatedly says that farm laws stand withdrawn. This is a lie.
Fake farmers. Innocent people are getting used as a sheild in front of protest the rest are Congress + other elements from indian politics.
Sir aap.  Real me hero ho.
the bill seems to be very beneficial for farmers, what basis are they protesting them about. how would the farmers lose, there is so much opportunity around this for building a farmer society and many employment opportunity will also raise in this regard.
Bjp 4 ever you burn in hell
Stupid farmers going against Modiji shame for them
Shame on everyone
Will this have implications on Uttar Pradesh elections.
We are asking you present government what they. Did to farmers answer yours
What you can gather from these so called journalists is so much narrow mindedness and short-sightedness. 
Literally no body
Tq u very much sir.nange evaga cleared agi arthavagide e bills bagge 
[17/01, 4:14 PM] Domestic:         :
- as Rajewal uncle mentioned, this AANDOLAN is at its peak now. Be disciplined. And be focused only on your demands of farming.
Ek achha news mila Zee news pe. Aise news dete rahe aap. Humiliation is what you ass*ol*s deserve.
only.cm.bjp
Looks like in UP the Government was ruled by a robot not by a human being. Here we can see people are crushed to death with no mercy. This is a wake up call for the Indian people when BJP is in power.
Before elections,         Master plan......not stroke dear.....UP elections are very near     
You just Lying You are gobar Khoor You are liar
Stop financial aid to Afghan govt
@thelallantop please cover the updates on cases such as Vikash Dubey encounter and other.
Reporters report to ache se do Taliban ki jagah affganistan bol rhe hai
If Gen Bajwa or his generals get visas to visit USA ....it will be "Slap on the face of those US soldiers that were martyred in Afghanistan"
nice and informative
We want old pension
He killed 750 Farmers by pressurising  them to call off the Protest which was not a well designed farm laws. He has given free hand to BJP ministers to kill innocent farmers in Lakhimpur protest. He has no control over his own party people. 
Now godi media act like supporting farmer protest
Good information 
Take too much time 
This is the purpose of Covid-19, to destroy all country. Don't waste your time fight with your government. Find who the one make the virus rumors and the vaccines. And shoot to kill.
Whoa, Congress wanted to deregulate the agro sector? And now they oppose it?
Don't fall for  what akhilesh Yadav  guruji give examples (its this antinational ) akhilesh and all antinational like priyanka vadra who goes to all temple and masjid during  election
GODIA CHANNEL......THUK
I watched it to know the real reason as media is not trustable.
........  the fundamental issue of the protesting farmers is that, almost 99% of Indian farmers do not have adequate/requisite resources, education, internet /computer tech knowhow of paper/document works, and logistics etc to enjoy the privilege of selling their products across states, and even international markets ( selling their products overseas through shipments), ...  this is the basic Q that would need to be weighed in and  answered now by the Govt  ?? ..... 
This is how u Start a news agency,, pick a good looking English speaking chick,,, create a controversy without knowing the details,,, and show it in negative way
Only Punjab should be excluded from Farm bill and should be implemented across India. If others are benefitted from farm laws Punjab would join the law.
*Gradually, further trade (through Registered Traders) will be brought into GST system.*
He is right, he can't live after terrorist attack on farmers. Truth .
Farmers are becoming terrorists!
Private sector in food grains trading & preserving can be compared with private sector in Medicare and education
Good journalism will thrive if good people pay for it. Pls subscribe to Theprint here: https://theprint.in/subscribe/ This also includes the link for overseas subscribers. Thank you all
Look how actor he is.. He is such a narcissistic and self centered person
At first government didn't consult with farmers while formulating the laws. 2nd government passed by an ordinance.  Why? What is the hurry? 3rd , 2 laws favour corporate class more compared to farmers. Yeah definitely we need reform in agriculture as soon as possible. But government have to understand that means should be good, not just end.
    Sri Lanka government but gave it up later under great international pressure.
B and d
godi media...go and say papa papa to modi for all ur needs.......dont show fake things
DAKAIT is in full swing lol.
I Guss, Our Genius FM lady may reply " like onions we are not eating any agricultural products we eat poops so farmers protest won't affect us"
DARSHAN PAL is MAOIST or Kissan union (?), founding member of PDFI(?), 6th demand of FARMER bill, RELEASE POETS?  from jail 
Why india celebrate republic day while the farmers are in huge problem? It is the main problem of Indian government, right?
Thanks a lot  !
DM should be fired/suspended. Sala ethics bech kagaya.
Every one should take part Hindu Muslim Sikh issye student
Farmers all over the World are standing up and speaking truth to power !  The government in India must be changed to one that honors all of its people !  Eliminate the people who divide and subjugate the masses !  4
Fack media same on you
Owaisi sahab is great leader... 
Zee news is neech chanel
ie Wheat's MSP should go down so that farmers will migrate to more economically viable crops.
Video not clear
Isn't sugarcane came under FRP and not MSP?
The new agrssive Indra ji. Attack proper. Pakistan even POK. Go ahead Kangana. We civilian r not coward. Ignore coward's agitation. Jai Hind. Jai Subhash Boss.
UP police have no spine and no guts to bring these culprits to justice. Shame shame UP police. You guys are embarrassment to the police department.
Because sefron is we ...and you
Modi sent his gundas to destroy this parade. Modi is sabotaging this protest
If someone favors or oppose taliban is their own opinion it's nothing about antinational 
What happened was a clear case of communication gap and misunderstanding, the protest was going on peacefully but then there came a third party that tried to fuel up the moment , they tried to agitate the farmers , due to which the attack started . The police also reciprocated and the result was a total chaos . What happened was very inhuman and disrespectful , this could have been done with more patient and wisdom by both the sides. Very saddening.
 Modi is agressive and patriotic leader who could go to any extent to safeguard Indian soil.
Why in the background own photograph..why not a hospital 
Democracy country prime minister is by the people for the people and not elected by himself because power of common man
India mai shikho per zulm ho raha hai.... only one solution free khalistan.
This is victory of democracy. This shows that people are more powerful than government and capitalists. Govt will stand if keep people happy if they make people cry they will perish but it is too late for modi govt.
Why media is after this daffer
He is correct ..MiM is On The way to Become Taliban..
True Freedom to Farmers ..
This is not real bill
So they attack the people who feed them 
Nice background music 
Ordinance is not right at time of pandemic that cause protest and huge crowd aggregation .....its imp for farmer to protest and raise there voice! ...
*Farmers --- LOST*
may god give u strength & brain to make such a nice videos.very helping thanks for ur hard work
 "8 second ma jo pic hay mistakes
Burnol moment for arnab
The real ones who should be running the country!
Aachey din everywhere 
Most of the farmers were supporting the laws, laws were actually good for the farmers.
But some regions farm laws were beneficial...they should have introduced different laws in different regions
My 3 hours well spent i want to touch this man's feet
Maybe lallantop is like this  when Afghanistan people face very terrorised and brutal condition because of taliban.
Yaar besharmi koi is anchor se sikh lo
Sir your videos should be made recommended material for every Indian and should be telecasted again and again on Doordarshan and some news channels instead of them showing repeated news which just incites emotions instead of providing knowledge.
yea let them take over post and then just bomb them. don't worry about civilians if they are near the area they are collateral for supporting bad guys.
MLA, MP, MINISTER etc.    salary, allowance, pension etc.        ..
Farmers 
We are the ones who gonna buy food produced by farmers 
Making of a big leader in BJP by Honourable  chief minister saab.
 Who cares what foreign media says??
This media is so driven by their TRP and profits that they are only showing the worst of the protests. Show the complete truth where the farmers explain why they are going to Delhi.
We all indian support you. 
Election aarahe hai eshileya bill peche liye gaye.
God bless farmers..., 
Amaichar
Doob ke maar jao Bharat Vasiooo.... Sharam ati hai mujhe mere desh ki Governance prr...... Ek din ueh Governance mujhe bhi eshe maar he degi
Vote only bjp
 In 1948 Kashmir War, Congress Party stop wining Indian Army over Looser Pakistan Army and lost Half Kashmir.
he is a hero 
Yo hai masla ... Good informative video
A second amendment there would have helped...
Send your terror Rss their farmers will beat their asses
Punjab government has given a report saying farmer protests can't be covid hotspots and they can continue with out following any guide lines...atleast prioritise and give them vaccine captain singh
 Shame the way you covered
This narrative building will not last
modi messed up with wrong ppl...farmers
Thanku. God bless u
The earth shall become like a Garden of Eden.
Excuse me you need first confirm that is there any meeting or not? After that when modi did not listen them in punjab when they block Punjab, they listen their demands. So, now they know, if they block delhi. Modi has to take step. We also know modi will not listen us only in one day, he took some days thats why they are only delhi with some month food. So, they will return with their success. Govt welcome very nice of farmers with tear gas and pressure water then they need to broke the barrier. Listen modi is not good and he dont knowledge what right and bill.
Q2 why dispute can only be addressed by SDM Level. Dont put a ceiling on it. Let both party to go to highest level.
Vishnu will come to kill these few Harnakhas that are ruling Bharat .
What would be the taste of sex with woin females do you imagine
Italy  women over speech
Dogla hai to sala Kameena desh Drohi hai Tum chor hai
These farmers has forgotten the Flag that they have raised on Red fort.
is India only Punjab and UP.
All the murderers must be brought before the people. It feels like we are watching ISIS execution...
My sincere condolence to all families who lost their bread earning and old folks in this peaceful protest and they are true Indians, and shame on the NAZI. MODI government.
Modi God of the India
Government never said that there is No MSP in Free Market. Stop your bullshit propoganda Mr Rathee
Shame of u useless Modi government
I disagree with BJP and supreme court
THE IDIOTS ARE NOT FARMERS
Superb this Is called unity of our nation  Jai Jawan Tey Jai KiSan 
Nebraska will ship all  grew to India in the future. Leaving USA grocery pickle out of business.
Thanks A Lots! 
She had not analyse and think on what are actually farm bills about
Can you please interview Rajiwal as well
Sudhir Chaudhari has no credibility left. Zee should put a stop to this show or stop calling itself a news channel
No farmers protests ..so 
Im watching this video right now because maam give a assignment haha 
These people will definitely help Modi win 2024 with 350+ seats while getting 0 seats from Punjab
DESH KO bachaw(save INDIA
3. Contract farming bill fail.
Tikait and his anti-national elements in disguise of kisans deserve such harsh treatment.... Laatho ke bhoot baato se nahi maante hai..
Great bhai
Total Lies - the police are just playing political tunes - they knew the entire script - that is why they were sitting and watching the hoisting of Sikh Flag - our supreme court is Baajpa court so why not our police be baajpa police - Shameless Jai Jawan Jai Kissan
drought-free periods up to 3 times longer than intensely irrigated control sands without root zone water retention membranes (Guber et al, 2016).
it is a repeat of shaheen Bagh, they have come prepared with truck loads of food items and understand the ration is for 4 months, they are in for a long haul.    God save them
AGREECULTURAL BILL 2020 ME REFORMS HONA CHAHIYE KI KOIVI CINTRACTS WITH FARMERS NEHI HONA CHAHIYE .KOIVI GOODS SELL   KARNEKE TIME ME CORPORATE OR MEDIA KO IMPORTENCE NEHI DENA CHAHIYE . MSP  KO CHANGE NEHI HONA CHAHIYE .FARMERS DIRECT SELL OF GOODS KO IMPORTANCE DENA CHAHIYE.  KOI KISISE FARMING CONTRACT NEHI CHAHIYE . APMC KO REFORMS MARNA HAIN JAISE KI GOODS SELL AGENTS   SYSTEM ABOLISH   HONAHI HAIN.
BJP will lose UP election for sure
Finally 3 laws applead
Cancel capital gain tax in all flat sold in 2020-22 in Corona to LOCKDOWN to flood times
ndtv good news chanal of indiA
PissLam is a Mental disease
Excellent!! These anti nationals must be shot down...
MODI in power everything is possible, Gujarat riots are never forgettable.
Who lost !??? Who won?!! Its easy to point fingers and difficult to find a solution,typical vulture politicians spewing shit from their mouth
of delhi police and some of them in ICU. Delhi police not used single bullet and took the beating from iron rods of rioters.
They have history of bravery
Specially thank our glorious prime Minister Narendra Modi 
Ye To Khatumm. 
Thnx bro got to know something which is useful
Modi can't be trusted at all !
Looks like it was planned for 26th Jan specially for republic day.
Kuch sahi bole... Lkn tmlog ko avi msp samjhne m bhut sal lag jayege..... Kavi jakr msp pata kr lo real fact pata chal jayega...... I am a son of farmer.... But now i am public service officer of a state.
tumhari toh entry he nhi hai andolan mh tumhe toh boycott kr diya hain lodu channel
Oh... Mr. Gupta talking about journalism..
I have a doubt: MSP is supposed to be "open ended procurement" i.e. no matter how many farmers want to sell, governement has to buy.. why sir is saying that there is a quota based on FCI warehouse capacity limit?
Power of farmer
We should takeover Afghanistan militarily we want akhand bharat 
Who gave right to block roads in the first place. Baap ka road nhi samje na goons..... Supreme court farm laws ko withheld kiya hai. Kaha ka protest bhai apni agenda push kar ne k liye kuch bhi karenge, bhikari media 1 side dikha rahi hai abhi.
Zee tv shame on you when you plough down people from behind why will not they retaliate ??? Shameful journalism, worst then prost. Seeli u r seld
Infront of oawisi CT Ravi is Zero
1) These farmers disrupted a Patriotic Republic Day!
Shame on you AAJTAK
Frm law nothing in my head !! 
We support the farmers protest. Thanks for the informative video.
Corporates will buy crops and store them. But Essential Commodity act will stop them for storing crops for long time, as it increase prices in market.
The state is responsible for allowing such type of protests.
India Today Is a sold out channel to the government.
Why this channel is so bad why you are lying
 Arey we are more educated and informed than you on this matter. If you haven't sold yourself out, then come to a protest site and we'll teach you the truth about these laws you armchair ignoramus.
What are they feeling happy about? Self distruction???Jokers  brainless creatures
Sorry SIKHS are not forgiving Modi easily even though SIKHS are forgiving Community but the hardships faced n Deaths in families are not easily forgiven to a horrible Cruel Wicked Man like Modi the blood Sucker,
Great channel
First female farmer leader Mia Khalifa
NOW COMMON PEOPLE BLOCK PUNJAB NATIONAL BORDER ... DON'T LET DAILY ESSENTIALs to reach punjab
Yogendra Yadav is honest and courageous. India needs more leaders like him.
Hahaha look at your faces
All compromise with each other
Even congress manifesto have same bill ... But they are opposing now ...
Bjp isnow so good at ignoring problems in the country that they don't even see farmers walking on the street.
6 month 6 week tak rehta hai
Shame on Govt
I like the dance.
Prof.Gulati says Prof.Modiji could'nt convince farmers of the reforns!Its difficult to believe because Prof.Modiji ,it appears ,had written  and publised a book" exam warriors '  " for  students appearing for exams on how to  control stress and examination fear!
Oh my God, what will be the fate of  India if Afgan stop helping India?? 
Super information I satisfy tq sir
Remove is pant on the street.. let farmers see him like a thief
12) Another communist party leader is also supporting these rowdy farmers! In a communist country, farmers don't 'own' farmland! Read about how Mao Zedong, Lenin & Stalin simply nationalised every private property. Do communist party leaders in India own houses? Strange!
industry tax, agri tax for any individual when he starts earning salary 
Listen to  the Colin Gonsalves, Senior Advocate of the Supreme Court of India and the founder of Human Rights Law Network....This Bill Is unfair to farmers and is a  fight is for the HEART and SOUL of India.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eWqRR7DMyo
They are not mobs asshole, they are citizens of this country fighting to defend the soul of this republic.
Good Job Indian army .
"BBC behaving shamelessly": South Asian Expert Christine Fair
Shi Kaha SE  knowledge lekr bato thori phle
Thanks protect the small farmers ..why not tax the super rich or eat the super rich
Please unsubscribe Zee News
You just proved that you don't possess a 56 inch chest......shouldn't repeal that law......sad day for the future of indian economy
My state don't have a separate flag, or may be it never boasted so that not everyone know about it.
They aren't farmers.Donot broadcast their news.This is the service you do to your country
Can't help my laugh
This is wht the fake kisaans and fake media wanted..superimposing pics of this menace over republic day..but they underestimated the smartness of the delhi police.well done delhi police.shame on your channel for singing the tunes of the fake andolankari ahenkaris
Ye Sab thek bol rhe h 
BJP terrorists ke bacche bhi terrorists!
Thank You very much sir ..Very informative lecture
One thing good out of this is the khalistanee has no front to protest .with the fake farmers
Why cant FCI sell the excess to other countries ? Is there a law preventing it from doing so?
Only showing one side story
And people might be thinking that these farmers represents the whole country so no way..they only represents only their part of issues...
Obviously hes one among the Talibans. No doubt. Cowards 
Coupon code - DHRUV50 for first 1000 subscribers
Inn All western countries the same Laws all applicable
So far farmers have been ignored by all governments and conditions are getting worse. Why should people have no say in democracy for laws passed for them and that too unconstitutionally ? In democracy, Supporters of the laws, needed to make their case before passing the law not afterwards. That is dictatorship. So learn your constitution first, for your rights as citizens and functioning of government in democracy. Now it is farmers, soon it can be you rights. Pay attention to what Ravish Kumar is reporting.
During British era they licked British shoes and now when they comes into power they are licking corporates legs so basically licking and being puppet of rich  is the favourate hobby of BJP/RSS 
The farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab and Haryana there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers. In Punjab and Haryana, the farmers are not only from jatt caste or sikhs, there are also pundits, Brahmins , and dogar farmers in Punjab. Farmers feed the nation, big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Abany, Adnany . These big companies are controlling Modi. These bills are designed to make each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmers will have no option to sell to another buyer due to logistics and resources , and the big companies have the logistics and they will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and export to other countries. This will cause food shortage in India,because big companies will be able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the business tycoons, and big companies. The GST is hurting the small shops, small factories, and Modi needs to be removed from his throne
When farm bills implemented cost of sugarcane per quintal is 8 thousand Indian Rupee 
Isn't this dalit murder?
Indian Government myst roll back new 3 laws if there is so much agitation
Every body is criticising the laws,  no body is proposed the better guidelines to benefit farmers
Hopeless harthal
... I was impressed by the facts shown by u in WEST BENGAL , one of your videos ... BUT .... after looking more and more videos , I feel that U R "PLANTED" BY FEKU GOVT to dilute public anger towards FEKU GOVT ...... bcoz ... now u r defending feku-taklu as a political tool launched by FEKU PARTY ..... u forget to tell us that mid-feb to april 2020 when maharashtra and delhi hv rising covid cases WHY FEKU HAD INVITED TRUMP in "NAMASTEY TRUMP" in AHMEDABAD ?? , resulted in DEADLY FAST BLAST covid coupled with deaths IN GUJARAT THEREAFTER and then facts of deaths were HIDEN BY THE FEKU govt for whole india which suited the non-feku govts too ..BUT.. then DELHI WAS THE ONLY STATE PROVIDED FACTS-FIGURES correctly then , said by the court too later on .... so WHEN FEKU WAS THE ONLY PERSON GAINING CREDIT for EVERYTHING GOOD , HE MUST BE THE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE PERSON TO BE BLAMED ..... it's obvious ... and ... moreover all the arrangements handled by FEKU's central govt in regards to medicines , vaccines , oxygen , financial helps ... etc as we see .... for example . FEKU-STATES GOT MORE FINANCIAL HELP THAN NEEDED-ASKED FOR and NONFEKU-GOVT didn't got even sufficient requirements asked for , the worst of it is DELHI fully under FEKU's LG , worst affected amongst all  which didn't given any "single penny" financial help and delayed medicines-oxygen and vaccines REQUIRED QUOTA ..... resulted in unnecessary death tolls ... and LASTLY why election-rallies held , kumbh mela permitted to people ..?? ... sadhus must be scatteredly permitted on ghats ... but ELECTIONS R MOST IMPORTANT FOR FEKU-TAKLU than deaths in INDIA that's why "SHABWAHINI GANGA" we hv seen ..... so pl .... u too go to hell ....
The people who has been disliked the video are terorist 
Now the central government should withdraw the law..
Chokidar chor hi
Delhi policewale log gunda and saitan ka badwa log. What do your'll mean farmers to sell at any price, u selfish politicians.
3) why farm bills repealed after so much casualties and before elections upcoming (up,uk, punjab) when you were so stubborn that it wouldn't be repealed
Who is saying Punjab, UP elections are coming 
For everyone who is arguing in the comment section, just let me tell you this once, true information always does not win, more information wins, even if it is fake, the best way to overcome this is to always fact check your information, no matter what it is, and for that you can use a fact checking site, but if you still think even fact checking sites have their own agenda, all you can do and all you must do is to learn "data navigation" everyone must learn it in this day and age.Since their is so much misinformation out there, right information is all that stand between you and the rest of the world.https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8dPuuaLjXtN07XYqqWSKpPrtNDiCHTzU
These are gaddars khalistanis, they have brought down the national flag, this will never be forgotten, and you sardars have earned this traitor title for eternity... Tho on khalistanis...
that's prove government is flexible
Abajit totally wide off the mark with his 'analysis'
Sir bhut hi respectful way se btata hu ....aapse ye umid nhi thee..dobara study kro ....on the spot jaker study kro to acha hoga .... shameful to you this video....aap bhut acha teacher ho
True and faithful kisan,farmers will not behave like this,its motivated and political agenda..
a)  Each acer of land should be assigned a set of crops  time of cultivation. 
I know I'm not that old to talk politics nd all but bhaiya I don't know why I become so depressed whenever I start thinking about our country's  condition. They are literally torturing farmers, censoring social media, asking companies for our personal data, controlling news media and god knows what else. I love my country so much, but yesterday when I was at my uncle's
Hence,
All religions are stupid --especially Islam one. How can people enjoy the life?
The Sikhs are not a monolithic people. They are divided by castes and Punjab is a very feudal society. Most of the agricultural land in punjab is owned by the jat sikhs who are also the arthiyas. The backward castes ( who are around 30% ) hardly own any land. The jat sikhs stand to lose the most if MSP is dumped as its basically the rest of India that is paying them to buy stuff that nobody wants. No amount of discussion will change this.
Farmers will protest and ready to die because it is said to die once in honour is more worthy than die daily out of fearmustbe clear to MO-SH rulers because BJP was on Ventilator in ICU since 2014 when seniors were packed in decadent Mandal.
Election time 
If minister son entitled for privilege of killing, then I m also entitled for it. Constitution guarantees equality for all
2  identify     1     Lucknow 
- If farmers were protesting, who was tilling the land as stubble burning has gone up 30% this year!
No single video from Zee
Where's the vitriol for Modi, a fascist and mass murderer?
6. The Adthi can also become a private company. They will buy the crop from the farmers.
ALL INDIAN CITIZENS SHOULD SUPPORTE FARMERS.
Very well explained, though a bit long, but very informative. We were really confused about these bills until.now
Nation people understand what could Congress do in future.  Congress's position comes into ending point for ever.
Anything Americans can do to support the farmers?
Looks like arnab is crying. Not sure whether to talk supportive or against the farm law. Till today he was favorable for the law. Today started crying...
How dad ....Govt of the Corporate  By the corporate and Always for the corporates.....Mathis  is happening in India...we need leaders like this at least to support them and courage them...we need our secular democratic India back...stop buying and selling politics.....
Rahul don't you have a concise don't you know the BJP is full of hate and vengeance call them out tell them what they sow is what they reap
Then who should rule the country- maybe Abhijit Iyer Mitra
As a potato this makes me sad...
So Mr Gupta agrees that hoarding should be legalised ? Is it so ? Or was that a purely generic statement.
6:40 , If the contract has already been done then why would changes in prices affect farmers ??
He is doing this only for the sake of election.  Do not trust him....
Why was mainly Punjab and Sikhs were offended by the farm reforms ?
#SupportFarmersProtest
Support to our food and farmer's
Firstly they requested and demanded these farm law's to be repealed.
Good sir very solit idea
-have education, healthcare, other social security programs to help people in need.
Thanks for the clear explanation...
---Annexed Kalapani from Nepal in 1962;
*People have the right to free movement---No one should deliberately disrupt the livelihood and movement of people---The Farmer's protest is just that. To create problems----They and their kind should be punished to the maximum so that people do not adopt such actions----Can we go infront of their family homes and protest, create ruckus and disrupt their movement for long period of time? If yes, public should do the same to these so call paid fake leaders*
what is the demand of Farmers ? why government can't agree ?
7) Give right to referendum to North East
The tears and pain of the innocent will never go wasted karma will strike back. Power is not forever.
But why are the farmers protesting then? They're getting screwed despite MSP. Why don't they support the government's good decision????
For Humanity, Peace and protection of Cultural Heritage of Mankind, Bharat must become Hindu Rashtra. Hindu Rashtra will stop Islamization of World, Ghazwa-E-Hind or Islamized Bharat will be death knell for the world.
Please support kishan aandolan
very structured video. specially expert opinion from Devinder Sharma !!
After bills passes these peopke should throw away they should be treat with iron hands
America can't be compared because they have alternate employment. If we do that and all farmers move to lucrative alternate jobs we will have to import our foodgrains from outside.....msp should be guaranteed for marginal farmers first as they donot have enough land to take care of family for 12 months...msp guarantee would increase mrp we need to take it in account as well and ensure inflation doesn't rise on pretext of increased output cost...also middlemens should be totally uprooted from system and profits should go directly in pockets of farmers....msp guarantee should run in phases starting with MP UP and Bihar only.....punjab farmers are already rich.....then if it is successful should be moved to WB Orissa and chattisgarh but priority should be small and marginal farmers
Farmers matter a lot
I think reporter Anjana after receiving Imandar award, became more enthusiastic to report more day-night. So now a days she became slim due to unsleepy.
Reporter did not act as independent reporter. He was not supposed to act in this manner. I condemn his coduct.
Do they have tsa pre check at Kabul airport.  Does anyone know if theres an admiral club at the airport.  I do like the expedited security
Pulses import band kijiye
Only Akhilesh
Modi is wrost pm in the history of INDIA
Vote modi out. Let him see the true power of lndian ppl and democracy.
Real comments.I support farmers.
Ur explanation was truely understandable. Appreciate ur dedicated work
_India Successfully Test-Fires New-Generation Akash Missile will be used by the Indian Air Force to intercept high-manoeuvring low radar cross-section aerial threats_
Haryana kam h as expect toh pb
U knw Punjab me Draconian laws against farmers , they will lose their land and many suicide because of such primitive laws.all those harmful laws , land acquisition by other party everything changed in this new farm laws.
To remain in power, this is another bluff master stroke...govt has lost farmer's trust already, calling them as terrorist while terrorizing them.
 -  political ground    -                 -
They are not farmers first they are brokers
BBC is 3rd class broadcasting corporation.  Like we can expect anything  from a prostitute like wise  we can expect lowest of low  behavior from BBC.  I am a muslim but I can not bear this comment. I think it is a culture in Britain to abuse Mothers.
This is the reason why virus is spreading more and more and after get infected people run for oxygen and life.Atleat wear the mask and  don,t always blame for government for pandemic we people also need to be carefull otherwise no one can help you people .
Brother  what is your opinion?
This is an old tactic by bjp which now everybody knows, thats emotional blackmailing, launching something on a particular date so as to make impact, its a psychological maneuvre played on peoples minds, this is an good example of bjp mindset brainwash at work.if he respects sikhs what was he doing all this time was he waiting to do this goddjob or political maneuvre for this festival, what he thinks he can just go on fooling 1.4 billion people so easily, even if he is the pm, and that all the sikhs will forget his athrocities just because he take this step on their festival, at pne point of time he was talking about indhira gandhi oppresssion of sikhs congress at least apoloviesed but this party will never do that instead they have crossed the line of athrocities than that of indhira by calling sikhs as khalistanis, this person by his actions has his name made synonymous to hypocrite in dictionary.
we badly need these reform in UP>
3- 4 state mein a protest hoa  tha....20 + state mein a protest nahi hua....
Finally we won
HINDUTAVA terrorists are trying hard to make conflicts between Sikhs and Taliban.
Trap them, if not they will burn the whole city.
*Its ok,"Abhi-None-Done"will take care of Afghanistan *
But it reduces tax on  farmers
Our opposition will do everything to create civil unrest.  Ruling gov must be prepared for hypothetical threat. This game played by opposition is no more on principles of fair democracy. Ruling government is highly defensive. PM doesn't want people to call him enforcer, dictator etc. He wants brownie points from Left eco system.
Oh how lightly you said it!!! IT GRIEVES ME! 
Haryana muncipal polls will decide if Farmer laws are designed to benefit BJP or farmers.
He should be tried at international court of justice for  antifarmer murders and atrocities.
Formers  r not protesting.
Which Is this truth are the farmers being cheated all these years by middlemen with help of congress or government?
Modi cut the root, not its black money-stopping branches ... The monopoly enriched the farmers for a change, but the opposition should not listen to those who are trying to cheat the farmers
Shame on you sir.. sitting on the chair of most responsible person saying this words ... Absolute shame 
Please realizing yourself in your mind then you can understand everything!
Call of duty zombies
Remember Farmers are the one's who feed our country
Who is here after the 3 laws got repealed?
This guy is fucking slow
 Economy 5 number    h   1  2 number se   hu
The Government had no answers to the farmers when they held meetings with them. The government themselves agreed to make changes because they had such abusive clauses that would have destroy the lives of the farmers. They tried very had to defame the farmers using paid media, but none of it could white wash the lies.
Pakistan is lier country.  Like Nawaz sharif or Parwez musharaf. They sold their own mother country. Never Trust Pakistan
Weakest Pm ever. Y do it in the first place then?. Only propaganda, no commitment. Politics over nation.
I don't know how could I help you guys...Feeling very sad
My msg to those if u don't understand the farm bill and support govt so please spend a month or few days with farmer in their field
This news channel is losing its credibility
Best anchoring .shaid ansari ji  
Dont worry son, we will get the justice.
At least explain in hindi for poor farmers.....Mc India today.
Proud of him , there is a limit to patience
Republic of India is not so Republic anymore
Yha bi zee news wale dekho, whe pe agg lgado zee news walo ko
Only Two state's Brokers are protesting...Why not rest of the Indian state Farmers ate not protesting?
26 January is not Indias independence day
How Could Haryana Police Enter Punjab Without Punjab CM Permission... This Shows Congress is in nexus with BJP in Farm Laws...
election are coming
U too wish that ?? 
Only Ambani,adani and other big shots  are benefiting..
contract protestor tikaith he will conduct protest anywhere in India using name of farmers by taking contract
After this decision:
govt.should concider decesion of majority people to prove real democracy.
Such shame on indian media.  They just highlight how cars burnt by farmers not how farmers were badly killed by ministers
Introducing MSP will never attract private players........You may see wasting of food in India...... India is a food surplus country...... But ,we possess a 'bright' spot in world hunger index (even we're the lowest in South-Asia)...... Lack of good infrastructure, transportation system, knowledge of agriculture & business, storage facility are responsible for this.... From the green revolution Punjab & Haryana got the highest profit....... Perhaps, it was because of the craze of wheat farming......I'm jealous of it...... But, a level playing field is need of the hour...... India has an enormous potential to compete with international players in Agri-business....... But, without an entrepreneurship environment it's impossible....... This Canadian PM slammed Govt of India in WTO for giving subsidies to the farmers..... Otherwise,if we make any FTA with USA or EU without scaling up agricultural products, international players will devastated our market with cheap agricultural products....
New education policy 2020 ...essay upload krna
No money for Education
Thank God, Godi media Nathuram godse Gang, didn't blame pakistan china usa r responsible for farmers genocide
Share and love 1000000000000000 times for you.
BJP is terrorist party.
We live in a fuc.. up country
Govt. must look for this matter, as they can provide and have many flexible rules for the corporate one, then why can't it for the farmers one. 
Hitler of INDIA and the terrorist rss militia must resign Immediately.  They are not fir for INDIA
Now here we are. love you Punjabio and all other state farmers too for their contribution.
Keep it up... brave farmers 
The only reason why farmers are protesting is MSP. And i stand with farmers
Long live revolution down with imperialism
Let it be the repayment of everything a farmer has given to you & your Family directly or indirectly. 
*Strongly believe they are paid.*
Downfall now began for this tadipaar Nepali yogi and this old ueneducated chaiwala modi.
Khattar should terminate sdm sinha or he
he should be the pm of india
Ugh. Third wave
mad they ont invest in economicss than in ruining what stubbonr naughtyness mad.
Needed to destroy it from its root
Taliban is obviously internally allies with pakistan . This drama is to make world believe that pakistan never supported taliban but it was actually opposite. 
Wow patriotic suicide bombers in comments section... what great movement I've witnessed
Neta ka police hai toh change their designation to Political Party Police, doesn't seems like these are IPS or IAS.
Your sound is not clear..
Foolish news channel are showing only Punjab and Hatryana.
HaHa.... Farmers protests. Why didnt you interview the genuine farmers who raised riots on the 26th Jan & injured more than 600 police personnel & disgraced the Red fort & the Indian flag?
Where are all the bjp people now ?
Rajya Sabha debated, discussed, clarifies and passed the bills
Talk to farmers and their kids before making such video dont believe in lies of these economic and leaders as they personally dont do there things and just build up talks
Kissan should be asked to pay for the damage caused to the road and compensation to the general public. Roads are made from the tax of tax payers not by sugarcane.
Great Sir,   
Only muslims and some Jat , workers' of opposition will gather in this Panchayat these peoples were never voter of BJP. So nothing to worry for BJP
Agriculture diversity is very important 
Farmers back bone of our country
Rakesh tikat is a political leader not a farmer.
2) why not this Government is READY TO GIVE THE SAME MSP INCENTAVIAZTION (LIKE IN 1960) ON ALL OTHER OIL SEEDS & other crops also . I will say that government should think for giving MSP of these OIL SEEDS CROPS even more than present price of rice and wheat MSPs. AND THEN IN 2 YEAR ONLY WE WILL NOT BE IMPORTING FROM MALAYSIA AND SIDE BY SIDE OUR WHEAT AND RICE BUFFER STOCK WILL ALSO GO DOWN BECAUSE THEN MOSTLY WILL SWITCH TO OIL SEED FARMING wrt to rice and wheat farming and in this way both problem will get solved. INDIA MONEY WILL BE IN INDIA BECAUSE WE WILL NOT BE IMPORTING FROM MALAYSIA AND ALL CROPS MSPs will be GUARANTEED PROGRAM FROM GOVERNMENT TO FARMER TO PRODUCE FEARLESSLY
Mind u r laugauage...they r indian farmers
Where is the pm.
You mentioned put like a farmer what about rest of the Indians and rest of india farmers. Whats our fault
2.why only farmers from Punjab are in this protest against the farm laws and not from other states?
What is the intent???
God please bless our kisans. Government is made by citizens to protect citizens.
Thank you sir for the easiest explanation.
We will die like insects by such heinous people.
This nation  is unique like no other in this WORLD. So many sacrifices have been made to keep it so beautiful.  Many nations/ people  are envious of our potential and progress.
Very good Arbaz bhai. Good reporting.
Useless anchor
British 
Pls know the full details of what's going on and understand from the perspective of both parties before making a statement
Modi ji bhut hi achche actor hai aur jhut bhi bhut confidence se bolte hai
Excellent analysis by studyiq. 
BOOHOO add subtitles 
My 1st question is to these so called 
     , fully visible  beaten to death in videos if you are in place as driver you also run and kill any one to save his life......
Dogs are shouting trying to defy the crime and the criminals.
I wonder if kangana is hiding in the comments somewhere
He knows this is not a farmers' protest yet he says it is kosher in a democracy. Too many woke and confused people in journalism
We just have to raise swords bring back modern day udams and bhagats against these devilish acts
Dear Migrants, we Germans have too few children so we have to import people who do this for us so please come to Germany. we need you and we have space for ALL Immigrants please send all refugees to Germany, thank you so much. Vielen lieben Dank fr eure Hilfe!
They are nothing but crooks being backed by vested interests.these people have been wining and dining so called farmers to show some crowds.unfortunately some greedy farmers have fallen prey to these people and have only damaged  the farmers of this country.
MEDIA VALOON PAY HAMLA KUB ,NOT JOURNALIST, S ,THE FELLOWS THOSE WHO ARE CONDUCTING DEBATES AND CHANNEL OWNER, S ,THAY MUST BE FST MOBLINCHING
which song is this ?? yeh geet kaunsa hai..??  15:00 Please batayein...
Party Start ho gaee,
I wonder how u r anticipating a fair bargaining power ?
Sir I do lot of spelling mistake in kannada so I thought of writing kpsc psi paper 1 essay in English...can I know whether I can write essay  in english... does it not effect on my marks
Bro you should  take this point also that how this anti-farm laws is taken as anti-sikh laws , seeing that a large part of our Army has Sikh troops. So repelling of these farm laws has some point of national interest also. And how these farm law creating a rift between Hindus vs Sikhs creating new social divide in our country which can be used by our state enemy intelligence agencies....(it is just a opinion)..
Farmers havent even read the rules they just come out to protestors
We shud do the same in kashmir and whole India
Where is meenakshi lekhi who called farmers mavali. 
Sharing my opinion on the Indian Farmers' protest as well. your feed will mean a lot.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncEW2AFluz8
Modi no.1 in world...where is rabbish???
REET new vacancy     
still In india farmer 80% donot have a mobile with free wifi, no transport, no technology like Israeli, no advanced education especially on farming methods, now no MSP??.. who is fooling who ??.. thats why atleast now vote carefully change the centre govt to different party example aam admi party who donot have identity conflict whereas bjp with its discrimination policies now resulted dragging our own Indians on roads by forcing laws rather making it recommandation, who made unemployed many people like in kolkata by shutting down small bussiness like jute mills, and now almost every products are getting imported from china now even drowns? Even i can make a drown if manufacturing unit is provided with materials to make motors, cameras. Remember fools are always confident while wiser is hesitant and when fools become blind then it becomes disaster. We people the business person who is after some money, land and people who are still narrow minded biasing almost on everything a man created to show his superiority by caste, race, class, color, language, etc have no idea that he/she will also die one day and we cannot take away this wealth with us not even our bodies it will taken away by earth itself since we are like dust on this land and nothing in this universe. If this much of sense donot become as common sense to people till that human will keep on fooling themselves and not dreaming big enough to consider every being as his / her own part of creation. Till that ..... so vote carefully people atleast now _/|\_
And see there's a kashmir.
Best of luck to them, they were hoping for Canadian Visa. It remains to be seen how many will survive the Taliban for any kind of visa.
To break india and win elections....
not needed though.
Farmers turned it Violent after they promised it would be Peaceful 
I am unsubscribing zee news
Two speakers are allowed to speak in the same time we cannot heard what are speaking by dpeakers'.so I shifted to other vedio
Ex:- Ordinance factory board 100% govt, is only able to fulfill 53% of its orders from past 3.5 decades, due to their faulty animation and equipment 1000's of crores of loss is taken place.
What  about  Democracy?.
There is no benefits for the poor people by the modi government
And government doing tatty in godi news
Indias no1 secular party only congress
What is MSP?
I heard india flag was taken off
Shambu border
Great problem hain
Special for bhakt  please watch 
Ndtv is the only channel who talked in the favour of farmers.
These  Are The Best Bills Of Agriculture Ministry As A Farmer Is Free At His Or Her Bill To Produce & Sale His Produce To Whom Soever Wants And MSP Is Assured By The Govt.Of India To Each & Every Farmer   ! 
Now they will know power of common people.
Vaccination or any medication main purpose is to control the disease and protection against disease. Before it gets rolled out in public, scientific experts make sure it has no Harsh side effects and its efficacy is maximum possible about 95% or more. 
Then he is supposed to produce food at internationally competitive price
Victory of brokers against kissans
But 2nd law farmers will be exploited only when they have not done legal agreement
They are nt terorists okey wt the fucku people doing with farmers
Kuch asamajik tatvo ne iss mauke ka fayda uthaya hai....we know that our country farmers can never do such shameless act ....hindustan zindabad
Will bring back law after election. This is temporary for election.
Just asking questions and getting busy with phone and other stuffs was not good to watch , atleast not on NL.
There  is no connection between farmers protest and the action of the Nihangs on the matter of the Guru Granth Sahib.
Beware of Congress and leftist IT cell, don't reply to them, and regarding pak bots, don't  waste time to reply with anger, it's only your time waste, they get money to defame the nation while you are wasting energy on them
Kindly give you comment s on why govt. took the law back when they had to take back at last....
Good luck bacho
Lol this shit is gonna die down sooner or later. Al Jazeera obviously siding with anti-India forces. Dont even realize that more than half of the country will not need to work in farming in the future as it modernizes. How silly is it to think that we need over 650,000,000 people to work in farming to feed our population when most other industrialized countries have less than 5% of the country working in farming. What a load of BS 
thankyou for making things easier and interesting.
People must defeat them in election outrightly.
New fact for all of you guys ,,, even imf said before that's this farm laws is good for Indian farmers  but again politics won
Corrupted system going on with innocent people
In my opinion the laws should have been withdrawn months ago because one can easily see that lakhs of people in guises of farmers have surrounded Delhi and they were entrenched so much that they could have surrounded Delhi for not only months but years together. 
how it is difficult to reforms in India
It is a shame for the US which is claiming to be a super power and most advanced army in the world, while even after 20 years of fighting against the tribal and non-professional terrorist group Taliban, the Taliban still remains and USA in the battlefield has been defeated.
Evm Pm should step down
Rand liberals..... Terrorist choothiya
Islam sex and terrorist religion hi is ko ban karo
Civil society is the new frontiers of war ,,,,
But govt ignored that 36 crore people's are dependent on these 6 crores
4) no free electricity.
All well knows about this is issue, center has given credit formers , not taken , this win the public huminity
Not all heroes wear capes 
Its greatly
BJP leaders arrange Rural areas campaign for creating awareness in detail with farmers. Local language needed for such farm acts which farmers can understand
We support you
Why is there a delay in the procurement of paddy? Kisan Majdoor Ekta Zindabad
Ajit Anjum is an agent of AAP. Has always under hand deals with AAP.
One simple question, what side would Gandhi or Bhagat singh be part of?
Can someone please explain the three acts briefly please?
Always treat others as you would like them to treat you. And Love your neighbour as yourself. That is the Law and the Prophets.
Arrest rakesh tikait. It is lynching of hindus in broad day light.
Bharat band hona chaiy
Saurabh Diwedi has confirmed agenda to support RSS and BJP motives. He is biased in his questioning and diverts any discussion which exposes present dispensation.
TIKAIT DAKAIT HAI
Isolate them and leave them free to spread virus to own state people..
I want kisan amdolan topic in english speech
Finally someone to stand against Pakistan
No Happy republic day . See it's not the definition of republic country where government is the only owner.
Police on same no stop the kersan andhloan police no brain country make a poor
Rich middlemen took over the protest and there is no one but media to blame they knew exactly what the truth was but decided to make money from TRP in name of farmers.
Ye antinational hai.
INDIAs land belongs to the people...and in the name of progress ...the govt .should not be criminal to their civic  rights.
Very informative lecture sir...thank you so much sir
what about buyer as consumer - he has to exercise by pledging and pay agri tax for india solil grown vegetable and fruit , and then industry product produced and made as finsished goods 
Atleast only NDTV good telecast we people india saport farmers 
Thanks to Modi who saved hindus.  Terror groups like congress, NDTV, The Hindu, and rest of the oppositions are exposed now.
Repeal t Bills indian govt
Bjp new rakhe sabse age
Just like the Arab Spring, it's the India's revolution to throw away the govt. It is also important to note that the defence forces & all other security services are in favour of these farmers most of whom are their families & parents. Rebel/mutiny is a very clearly on the way. It may take just a few days or weeks hence.
Why the business  class is not finding Hindu Forces's  ?
Why are they protesting in America like goons? Embarrassing really. Also not a single Indian flag in sight huh
What an Anchor. This man deserve a promotion.
Haha those who spoke this video is not accurate Im sure they hate sikhs or might be typical hindus or something they should understand the concept rather than thinking they are only sikhs no they are not only sikhs they are farmers all over india  up,mp,Rajasthan,punjab,haryana, Karnataka
This track going towards Khalistan ..
MSP is Good ,then
Tractors r not to ply or paraded on highway or cities.refer rto guide lines.
Media apna kaam na krke bs corrupt system ka part ban gya.....media m bhi do party hai... Ek bjp supporter media dusri Congress supporter media.... Reality or facts, democracy ko padi ni... Janta ko bewkuf bnate h bs.... Media ka kaam ajkl youtuber kre hai.. Btw this video is so informative... Thanks... Make more video for such information 
Never forget our farmers who gave their lifes 
Aur jiska interview le rhe ye sbse bda chutiya hai ye us pannel m jo govt ne bnaya tha aur yr bnda to shuru se MSP k virodh m tha ..
ex farmer minister of ncp and present congress chief minister of punjab also 
Use this same force to vacate china from ladak
PM Modi eats imported mushrooms worth Rs 1.2 crore every month, so he don't know the pain of Indian farmer
Have you ever wondered that Congress is just Demoralising the people of India, no matter weather he is BJP or any other. I know congress can do nothing. If we compare Japan and India, Japan Is much more developed than our country, although it got democracy later than India. Same goes for South Korea and uhmm if you think they are small countries that you can take China as an example. China is very much developed in military and technology as well
India is much better country under BJP's govt. 
Satanic Medical and Government systems are fake they want to control you!  
Thank you so much mam and Team drishti team for such a in-depth and insightful explanation 
When inhumane act like this happens people are suffering crying shouting and helpless nobody is bothered about the criminal getting arrested then this leads to creation of terrorist and then money will be involved
Shame less reporter uae entry Nehi kiya hai crime supplyer
The world supports you 
No farmers  no food
Final take away from Farm Bill by Modi Govt
It is good step of farmers
You need to change your  Tagline 
I will support peasant and farmer 
MSP must be legalized. The government needn't buy. The companies must buy above MSP
Declare war on corruption as you promised not on these innocent farmers  bring black money from rich govt servants and corporate biggies
difficult to get a person who dont get sold for all these things. its 
Treason .... Death sentence for person who put personal flag on the iconic Red ford which is meant only and only for Indian Flag... we want his death sentence who attacked national pride of 1.3 billion people. Their leaders should get life time jail.
after 20 years NDTV channel news. nobody watching it is last stage before death . Misleading information spread last 20 years. R Bharat becoming no 1 in three years. this power of Truth. it will become world no 1 media channel.  NDTV called criminals antinational people  as a intellectual. do you have  mind ?. all opposition party wipe out completely in few years. next number Bengal. Social media very powerful. we hope our next PM will be yogi. Modi is too soft just like RAM.
Sir, Assistant Commissioner      .
Taught in a simplest way.
Very bad
While this is happening, Modi is tweeting....
Modi sponsored division/diversions to divert from farmer protest. 
In INTERNS pay around 20k pm
These are khalistan sympathizers attempting to take advantage of the situation
Yea preplanned tha ashish mishra main targets..inke haath main thande thee .yea log car ko Jane nehi de rehe thee .car k age age bhir kar k chal rehe thee .yea kisaan ho hi nehi sekte .
Ha bhe haryana bhe hoge , Congress k toh vha bhe hoge kuch 
Right bilkul Right Jay Hind
If intension is to cut the clutter, the video must start with the gazette notification of the 3 laws and your interpretation about its implications. Not by inculcating the idea in our minds that how all political parties has same openion.
Massive win for farmers,,,
Nice vedio sir but if govt think that there are so many benefits of new farm law then why not govt becomes middle between farmers and private players and why not earn benefit and provide MSP to farmers .
Very nice gggg
Rahul Gandhi the great.  His words came true
I certainly hope they succeed!
O00osition leaders pleasemake strong sab includingcongress sp bsp including mionority then only you can defeat  Bjp
shoot those vultures they are not real farmers they are blood suckers of farmers
Only politics going on.
4. Almost all hybrid rice are steamed rice without nutrients.
Unable to handle the situation
Standing with farmers india 
RIP Small & poor Farmers
You Are anti Tripura state then. Ironically you are arrogant
To arrest someone without any warrant.This is BJP Modi Government..it really sucks
JO BOL RAHA HAI USKA MIC MUTE KAR DE RAHO HO
These are lions of Punjab my full support to them ,keep going .
Perfect video on the internet .
What if Amarinder was bluffing ????
Congratulations to Opposition Do you have any other issues to raise ? BJP clubbed it and put in underground. Go to Home now safely....see BJP winning elections. Then that bill will come again.
Right owesi
Although I was not in favour of  imposing of income tax for farmers but  i think now time has come that becoz of  assured irrigation and MSP paricularly in Punjab, Haryana (excluding Southern Haryana) who owns more than 10 ha of land income tax slab of 10 % on farm income should be imposed and collection of that income should be used  for small farmers of these two States by giving special scheme of income generating activities.
You are the only one who showed the truth.
Mam i think you are the expert in history or you are a advocate
Is this kind of normal in democracy countries?people can protest and police can hit protestors. I don't see any superior than communist.
The flag hoisted at Red Fort isn't a Khalistani Flag, it is called Nishan Sahib and the National Flag was not removed from anywhere, Nishan Sahib was placed on an empty pole near Red fort entrance. At some UP Election Rally BJP lotus was placed above the National Flag. I dont know why every media house have covered what happened at ITO, defaming farmers for hoisting Nishan Sahib but these people have been out there, barely surviving this harsh weather conditions for over two month patiently and peacefully protesting now, many died no one really cared, tricked by DL Police and remain unheard by our country's media houses, politicians. A ground report from the channel @scoopwhoopunscripted is seen covering the eye witnesses statement where they admit to have seen DL Police damaging DTC Buses and blaming these on farmers (10AM-11AM). 
Why is only Punjab protesting?
Long live world farming.  Long live world farmers 
Aa to aache din ki surohat he 
Nice decision. In one shot he wiped out all the protestors from that place. No more farm laws and no more protest. Get rid of the protest for now... Time for them to leave
By getting  three agricultural laws, repealed. farmers have safeguarded their future generations.
Cunning Modi's govt needs votes closer to election time so they repealed it. Bunch of crap.
This is the way protesting
It is described beautifuly.. 
To  kaise mehenga ho   ?vo bhi to 1955 ke  mai tha?  Govt offiicer bhi apni duty theek se nhi kerta
East India Company is Back in India.
Indian government should exchange population with Pakistan. 
Now you are saying that Repeal of the farm law is setback to farmers for long run. People like you are responsible for this loss and answerable to future generations of farmers,. Your should have speak for law when it was required.
Tribute to the farmers who lost their lives in the peasant movement.
# kitne me sold, you idiots say proper news who did accident
Why msp is must for farmers .. can you explain   ?
LONG LIVE CORRUPT GOVT OFFICIALS!!!!!
Now Krishi Kanoon have been repealed. What else they want now ? MSP is not possible.
Only punjabees and tikait are the entire kisan crowd?
jio and reliance pertol pump bycott kro. ape akal tikane a jani. #supportfarmers. #boycottjio #boycottreliance. make this trending share on your twitter. Please
THE BALLOT AND OUR WALLET ARE THE TWO MOST POWERFUL WEAPONS WE EVER HAVE TO BRING DOWN THE ENEMY
Killings of Farmers  " who are bringing
All rights very nice video
I'm from naraingarh this is correct
They are afghan sikhs i guess not indian sikhs. They decided to stay so we cant do anything to them as its their decision
Our PM and our Home Minister is totally responsible .The life of our Policemen is nothing to them.Our PMSpeek about our Army Men.Does Life of Policemen is so cheap? Hoursble PM sir ,please wakeup and act.Inaction is very dangerous than anything sir.Sorry to say so.Pleasd act Sir.
People just take perspectives too seriously
	Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology
This shameless opposition knows nothing other than disrupting the house. Last session they said no discussion, only repeal the bill, today when government conceded their demands and come forward to repeal the bill they want discussion. Fact is that they have nothing to discuss. Their only goal is to disrupt the house
Farmers of our country will live poorly and the people that are here to support this, the Bill was to commercialize farming so that investment could be done and the tools that farmers of our country have could be mordenized for example combiners and harvesters provided to farmers ob the companies expense
Thank you so much team Drishti
We support Narendra Modi only leaderships
Great PM.
Why they didn't done this before 26th jan.?  Yes...And here the reporter asked this question to him 1:45   and he didn't reply   
YOU ARE UNABLE TO SOLVE ANYTHING
Delhi phateh hojo
he replies like a school boy
Taliban : breaking the shackles of fences.
Left Opposition parties are dangerous when they are in rule !!
Jai Kissan, bastards raised hands against farmers who were trying to stop ruling party leaders. Is police BJP assets.
2 person on earth bjp loves most Arnab and Kangana
HEART ATTACK
We are with farmers.....jai kisan
Only Two state's Brokers are protesting... Why not rest of the Indian state Farmers ate not protesting?
  media is always supporting BJP neta because this is bikau and Dalal media
Don't worry once he is elected him, he'll thrown all you under the bus once more....Modi is a 
shame on bjp shame on indian police
Election stunt to again votes
I cant see the video because large text are on the screen and video is repeatedly showing
This is good on papers but practically it does not napped why not give a minimum price like it happens in shares where you circuit system
This is all dirty plans of Congress.
-> Fraud Middle men of Mandi are afraid to lose Decades of Free Loot from Poor Farmers, So they are Protesting
STOP spreading lies!!!!
Truths must come out in public
4th dad isreal NATO all Run and v gazni nation again win war proud to be Afghan long live Pakistan bro and sis
I think we have to make world harthal.
Wow so beautiful bro
Super petrol and Decel good sale. 
The bills were all right but the way it was implemented was wrong without discussion in the parliament you can't just ram through bills. Sadly the farmers don't see the writing on the wall paddy farming will go on in Punjab and Haryana ground water levels will fall and  in the future the areas would slowly become arid as it is going on today.
Next step will be to Send Jahadi to Kashmir Inshallah,
Not as violent at Winston Churchill turned on Indian farmers during Bengal famine resulting into 3 million deads. For South Asia, Mr Churchill will always be equivalent to Hitler.
Is he mad
Your videos ads are too long.
Thank you soo much for explaining it like no one other did .
Bipin Rawat had said it is going to be 2.5 war. 2 refers to China and Pakistan, 0.5 refers to enemy within.
arnab waste of time.
Modi should win again
Very shame full act commited by them. More than govt they themselves are responsible for their plight.
commenting for the algorithm
Finally plaque is been removed from borders of india 
Plz find a teacher who has a weight in voice not like this...
Well done farmers. You can pick up from the language used by this reporter that she is a Modi supporter.
First he fought against the British, now the Indian government. 
National highway block karna kisi bhi country main aloud nahi hai ye toh 9 months se chal raha hai
When farmers have freedom to sell at price they want, and at any place they want to sell, why farmers are still protesting?
Sound was not clear mam.
Some argue that there is no tax on farm income in India. This argument doesn't stand a closer and fact based examination. The minimum income tax limit in India is about Rs. 500,000. A huge majority of farmers will never touch this limit even if they are given their full MSP. So where is the benefit of this exemption? And, does that also exempt a farmer from the indirect taxes that he has to pay for every other item of farm input? 
I pray the Good Lord protect Priyanka Gandhi 
Good move...Slowly the MSP of water guzzling crops like rice should b reduced and other crops increased
SFJ aur J&K terrorists group ka aur ISI aur Chinese international notorious lobbies ka chamchem in the skin of farmer, opposition made farmer.
But no, lets not worry about that, the MAIN THING that makes the Taliban or Isis dangerous.
Talibanis are terrorist and India is anti terror Country..........there is no need to do Import and export with them.
subhan Allah very nicely explained thanks for all
Save Afghanistan..
We are not a democratic country anymore...
GO ON PROTESTING BECAUSE YOU PEOPLE ARE FUNDED FROM ABROAD, BUT WHEN YOU START GASPING FOR AIR PLEASE DON'T ASULT THE DOCTORS OR BLAME THE CENTRAL GOVERNMENT. 
all this reporter want not to throw stones because he standing there  and they have to accept this tear gas bombs , shame on you ugly reporter
Farmers, protest is no use. Naxalite is the future of India. Support country Naxalite and its government. Naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights.
And polity to restricted h plz open krdo ma nai padh pa raha hu
After long time I understood these bills.
M, pm  Bhind mandi
privatization might help the govt to reduce the deficit, but will it still help the farmers? because it is capitalism - they will look for their own profit. Can you please clarify this.
Dont let the paid cartels fool you. The new laws promote regulation on HOARDING and LESS government with more options as far as building your client base.
If these measure taken in China our soldier wouldn't had killed.showing brave only to common people who r protesting for basic right
2.company vale or gevu ka rate beena badvneke bundkiyato matlab unka ketna chayi ye itha stock rake ugane gevu matkt anye time down rate rakegu tho
I would be the happiest person in this world if yogi ji himself gives justice to those farmers.
BJP chor party  
Why not higher MSP on pulses which are costly and encourage to grow that.
He released his party will loose in UP, Punjab, UK later in Haryana & eventually in Country.
You have got very good understanding of subject
The fall or rise in demand creates a unequal platform for farmers: the farmers are unaware of when to plants crops which are in demand or otherwise.
Ahead of Nano Tatas to beef up dealer network :
No Farmers are involved in these road blocks and illegal agitations.Tikaet is getting funds from Khalistani supporters from abroad. Congress   party is fully behind hese illegal irresponsible  meaningless agitations by goons who just plan to block India's developments which are very rapid and remarkable  under Modi Government.
The government would have anyway passed the laws bcoz they have a clear majority. Laws are Constitutional and you can't question that. You seem more concerned about the people of APMCs than farmers. Yes some ammendments are necessary as you said about the settlement of disputes but you can't reject the laws by putting your narrative .
Im from India. Believe me no one supports these rioters. Keep calm, just educate urself over the bills.
Shame on u Rahul, do some ground research.  Stop being an fake anchor like Arnab n navika n all. Shame shame
Chal hat BKL... THUKATA HAI BHARAT
We support kISHAN...
    ISIS      
A good discussion....mainly lack of trust emerges as no consultation was done.......sad.....
Proud of truth people and farmers
India would not exist without sikhs past sacrifices
This is a power of election
De bahar Police girl romance road side boys
Fourth Generation warfare is between "Civil Society".
Ego of BJP is the main problem, they themselves accepted that the laws were not good, and should have been modified, but were adamant to not do so
Farmers or goons
I think ispar debet honi chahiye
Thanks 4 helping d farmers..
Farmer winning
Ye bs kamzoro ko preshan krte h police vale  full support to farmers 
Only in one state..... All opposition propaganda.
This Govt.Has Only Brought In Many  More Benifitting The Farmers e.g. In Case Of Loss Of Crops Due To Heavy Rains Or Natural Calamity His  Crops Are Insured, Each And Every Farmer Is Brought In Under The Personal Insurance Policy,& Med.
Who decided MSP ? How much D A being given to service class every year?
They are the visha daataas.  All the punjabis so called anna daatas have given to themselves is the "CANCER TRAIN"
chautala supports BJP fully it seems.
That is not Khalistan flag
BJP can't sack central home minister Ashish Mishra, after all it's a question of Brahmin votes.
CAB now CAA..
Congress Ka Raaj Hota to abb tak tum mar chuke hote
Fastest growth for an Individual or for Party is not sustainable
Proud to be Kisan
you never understand these until you throw your knowledge and other human knowledge and proud realize in your mind..... 
A country where good economy is not gud politics is a poor, third world country..it's heartbreaking we missed the great economic agricultural reform...
Inmai sai kuch so called kissan supporters bhe hongai achha hua they are stuck for hours
this media is still protecting MODI JI
Free press free us..
Taliban tour to Kashmir .victory from Allah and the near is victory .inshallah.
how can they behave like this with her?? Its soo shameful i am literally crying on seeing how they are molesting her..
Good morning to all friends have a nice day
Lot of thought and serious security aspect is what i think is the decision.
Big salute to our farmers...
Stfu there no protests in Telangana
Congratulations farmers 
This is gross.
Stop this stupidity bikau media
Many in Protest are supporter of Khalistani Movements they are trying to cash this situation as well.
Rr people fools  !!
She wants her son party president 
Rs1100        500     
Stand with Farmers 
But we need farmers all the times
Just a question to The Print. Was there any editorial position that's not in favour of this gvt and Modi from you? Pls enlighten me.
Rocked it guys, I got what I paid 4!!
SATNAM SHRI WAHEGURU  mark this day
More clutter than the nation can handle. Perfect for our dear cutter Shekhar.
Anti BJP/Modi forces hijacked the farm laws agitation and mislead the people in India and abroad. They oppose every issue whatever BJP take,  irrespective of its benefits to the people.
Juth hi bolne ko aata he feku
The plutocrats want to build their monopoly in the agriculture and food production through which they are planning  to enslave the masses. With all the agricultural land and food production safe in their hands, the monopolies will begin to sell crops and food products at prices at their will. With the masses deprived of income and employment, it will soon result not only in farmer's committing suicide (indirect genocide), but also sections of population deprived of employment and income will also start committing suicide or dying of diseases, malnutrition and famine. THIS IS THE GAME PLAN THAT IS BEING STAGED TODAY. This is part of the DEPOPULATION plan of Agenda 21. 
Andhbhats * Godi media must blame pak or China
Why Modi is not taking back the 3 black laws, he is one of the most arrogant and inhuman PM in the history of India.
Big farmer negotiate well and sell their crops at better prices.
I Support Farmers 
i told you, ISI is behind all these Khalistan nonsense ....  stop them before its too late
Nicely Explained..   
Cabinet of economic affairs
Kya news cover krega tuuu
Work of Nazi ideologies who sometime cover its filthy ideologies in the shroud of shattered democracy..!!
Death of Sikh love.. Nation bleeds of Sikhs again after Indira Gandhi.... SIkh respect dead with these guys.. RIP SIKHISM..
And om shanti for the farmers who gave there lives ..
Govt should interfere in MSP.
kisan majdoor ekta zindabad ..."Treat the people the way you should be treated" .....Stay Blessed always
Ffs, we are not a Communist nation. But Ndtv sure wants to make it one.
Farmers workers students migrants Poor's know who is the single biggest lia in the world, even a bit a trust, who lied on Galwan Pulwama Covid oxygen china pakistan
If those Punjabi's who dream of separate nation of Khalistan ,can leave India and settle in Canada and make a separate state out there.No one will get Kashmir nor Khalistan, Indian Armed Forces will crush your evil designs against our nation.
This BJP spokesperson doesn't have a clue what she is taking about.
Indian Journalism at its best !!
Stopping the opposition party clearly shows that the government is responsible for all this
iron is hot, farmers should hit hard to get all issues resolved.
Khalistan was celebrating in Canada.. why Canada allows these type of behavior..
Mera Sarkar se nivedan hai ki jo log Bhram faila rahe hain UN Logon per sabse sabse Najar Dali Jage aur kisanon Ko please chain se Jeene Do ine mat dhadkave
Right you are Sir
However Government of India have not said that they will close the APMC Mandi or they will discontinue the mandi system.
If u also agree 
*Whole Sikh community has lost its charm now...*
If this is Farmer protest , why we see only punjab, punjabi's & sikhs here ? This is the crux of the issue , its not a farmer protest !
Wheres the damnnnnn BJP supporters?
This is not done I'm very disappointed by Modi ji what the benefit of having 300+ seats and still you can't implement the bills on ground. This set a example of any group people can come together and oppose any bill block roads and pressurise government to revoke that bill , so what the benefit of having power, are those bills were wrong than why earlier you support those bills and argued on very stage. I don't think there is any benefit of having a majority government anymore.
democracy is yet not lost.
Yes right says bro
Bahot ache
This is going too far. 
Today Indian Government Repealed the 3 black laws now you can think which side you where
support every body to formers, bcaus  we gettig food from them.
In 2005/2007 APMC dissolve kar diya bihar me tab to vahan ke farmers halat achhe hone chahiye to kyon unki halat etani bekar hai. Ap totally wrong interpret kar rahe ho. Jis tar without consultation laws pass kiye gaye vo thik nahi tha. GST implementation se pahele BUSINESS man logonse batchit ki the Government ne to is time ye kyan nahi huva. Agar ap raste pe Gadi chalaane ke liye koi regulation nahi rahege to traffic ki problem se chutakara mil payega hame. Vasehi agar mandi ko deregulate kiya jayega to vo thik se chal payenge. Agar SDM ko hi sirf right diye jayenge vo kya kisan ke hakka me verdict dega kya hamare SDM itane honest hai. Farmers ko company ke against court jane se rokhana sahi hai.
5. Online GPS network for all government and private warehouses with transparent capacities, costs and facilities like nitrogen chambers and dehumidifiers. Here also every farmer can put a price tag including warehousing fees for off-seasonal revenues.
It'd be an interesting follow up question to ask him why there shouldn't be women in the top of government?
Yogendra Yadav is great citizen of India
South indian is like other country to modi we did not get any benefits
No farmers  NO FOOD
Thanks so much for supporting the farmers 
6G is the most important thing. I like it very much.
Now the BJP is again playing with the feelings of innocent farmers ....So that they can come again in the politics. BJP has made many promises but they haven't done anything yet ......Yet again the people of this democratic country will be manipulate .
Government must think of everyone not just richest class in my opinion.. because  is for all not just few corporates...
Its good that gov didn't agree for guarenteed msp 
And it's impact can be felt in long run 
thank you sir 
Corrupted media
UP . Development and progress  is only possible when BJP is in power.
Modi should interfere immediately. Throwing cold water on humans in a cold weather amounts to torture.
https://www.iceagenow.info/german-doctors-call-covid-19-policy-organized-crime-video/  covid19 is a LIE, SCAM, GOVERNMENT HOAX........ many of us read , low dead ratios  old unhealthy , full of flu vaccine people die from other health problems,  ''the greatest hoax of all time''  . 9/17/2020. the CDC the super rich owners of news media , silence all decent doctors, all real science. . OF COURSE THE MASSES BELIEVE THE ''GOVERNMENTS'',  THE MASSES DONT READ SCIENCE, THEY READ ''ROMANCE NOVELS'' AND ITS ALL SO HARD TO BELIEVE.....unless your not ignorant.
Let them go to Indian gate
Why the modi government is turning a deaf ear to the plight of the farmers
Happy vaccination holiday till for next month
Sarkar ki power bus ab net off, hi reh gyi h
1) Bring back article 370 
It means the protest is basically run by Arthis and mandis by only those people who have monopoly
Follower of Atul chaurasia
Filed case against this  culprit police
The another reason to repeal these farm laws may be protect our country from terrorism... Some mischievous elements were creating conspiracy with Pakistani agents.. They may be make a blast like Ludhiana court blast...
Burqa is banned in many western countries - France, Bulgaria, Netherlands, etc. Soon many more will join them. 
Stay STRONG my Indian Brothers and Sisters. Your defiance and courage is an inspiration to the World!!!
How do we predict the weather patterns?
Somebody is so smart that they saw pelting stone in the 1st video.
AUR  TABI  JAAKE 
Central will agree with farmer without any condition. Jay javan jai kishan..........
Modi may be  doing this for votes 
Thuk ke chatne wala  hu gya hai Zee hindustan ke reports.. chuty** reports
Kill the BJP workers.
India helding meeting with taliban
Why they have done wrong earlier
It has been more than 11 months and no permanent solution from both the government and the Supreme Court they have to be blamed for the present situation and not the farmers.
Increase SAVING to 6% FD to 7.5% before diwali for poor middle class who are 95% of non gov people of country
Please expose new labour laws
#hindu_terrorism 
Shame on you zee news
He is running open goonism and blackmailing campaign. He also went to support TMC the party which murdering Hindus in Bengal.
 he.
Usually people have knowledge but could  not express in words properly but this kisaan leader put his points in a beautiful way.
Yes definitely these are the so called TRUE FARMERS who have lot of money to have a living out there, who can throw away their produced crops which they grow by waiting till months.
Pagdi sabhaaaml oye (idiom ) or some song name of the same name sake song "pagdi saambhaal oye";:for the better of democracy plz use your logic ;" Don't trust anyone unless you have any written assurance backed by the honourable  judiciary "
Very nicely explained sir
 from Pakistan
Because criminals in suits or proper kurta pyjama in farming & other sectors enjoys good influence in the society and are a reason of crime done on many. 
Please speak on Shanta Kumar Report which says procurement of grains should be stopped from Punjab, Haryana, Western UP etc and should be done only in Eastern states, secondly as per DOHA round of WTO US, Canada, EU etc are pushing India to restrict  procurement and stocking  to service PDS i.e. 40%of population whereas food security act envisages stocks for 70% of population, thirdly what happened in Bihar after private procurement was introduced and public APMC were abolished and what happened to Apple growers in Himachal after corporate buyers monopolised procurement, lastly PEPSI has large contract farming for Potato in Punjab and issues and difficulties and corruption in procurement where in 10 years price has increased from 5 to 8 per Kg but input costs have increased manifold during this time. just giving political twist does not help farmers cause, the public at large cannot be swayed only on political and emotional appeal, the facts and issues and reasoning behind agitation has to be brought forward, if people know details on what is at stakes and what farmer stand to lose by these 3 laws...
Nice Explain Sir....Thanks
Fascism (/fzm/) is a form of far-right, authoritarian ultra nationalism characterized by dictatorial power, forcible suppression of opposition, and strong regimentation of society and the economy that rose to prominence in early 20th-century Europe.
Work of  SingerJass Bajwa and Kabaddi player Tony are really appreciated.
Ajit Anjum brother, you are like family member,we miss you lot.
Jay ho congress party
BJP govt is good for nothing and anti people
Jail bhejo
Who the hell Trudeau 
Thanks for supporting farmers....
Ab Ab AAAAAAAB rocks ...True messsage
Whatever you are channel you need to to ask some good expert first.
Emirica or isreal best ha 
*Jyoti Kumari the Girl Who Carried Her Father 1,200 Km On Cycle Among Bal Puraskar Winners; Arshiya Das, a 10-year-old chess player, has also been awarded for her contribution in the field of sports*
Unfortunately again the opposition is misguiding farmers
Farmers should demand nationalization all Adani owned food items storage facilities. 
  INDIAN PM is TAANASHAH  
Democracy dies in darkness
Mr Ajit had great contributions for Farmers coverage  we are proud of him, he has shown his True dedication   when other media house did not stand  for, Mr Ajit had done one of the best coverage,  Already have stoped Godi media  TV subscription , Hope day we find and make HIS INDEPENDENT TV CHANNEL
Your explanation make sense to get interconnection with every topics. Thankyou sir.
Sahi baat h farmers ki problem ko privatise krke unregulate nai krna chaiye, lakin media channels like ScoopWhoop is also private and they always think about profit yaani isko bhi regulate kro by central govt. 
No to discriminatory vaccine passports and mandates, utter disgrace. This must not happen England, do not comply. No to medical apartheid.
BJP and Congress  dono me BC, chutiye hotee hai.
Bht achhe se learn karate h ap...
Krishna didn't do it right at all on Republic Day....
If the farm laws are so good, why do the farmers are agitating....
HUMBLY SUBMITS AND REQUEST YOUR EXCELLENCY  TO RECOMMEND  TO IMPLEMENT IMMEDIATELY 
 In a public announcement inviting applications from prospective dealers, the company said this would maximise their "opportunities, even as Tata Motors constantly expands its portfolio of passenger vehicle products and services, including the recently unveiled people's car, the Tata Nano". While the applications have already been invited for dealerships in Delhi and adjoining Ghaziabad, the company officials said that similar exercise is also being carried out in other parts of the country, wherever there is a need for expansion.
Then its tried on small group of people to see how effective it is and changed and adjusted if required.
It seems, our country extremely correpted. ..each and every system is correpted..
Ek saal or baitho or khalistan bhi lge hath bna lo.....
Police wale toh govt ke isharo par chalte h 
Very useful content...
We support farmers 
To sell thier product
this is stupid, i mean there are similar laws in south even before the farm bills were introduced, and we dont have an issue. what the heck is wrong with these few states
Comment to all my Farmer Protestors :: , I can understand. One thing i want to point out you is " just tell me  are there farmers only in Punjab, Haryana and UP and they shall make loss with this Bill? Why not the Farmers of  rest  of  India protect it? What is the Politics  behind this sponsored Farmer Protection, Indians alongwith me want to know. If you justified this then sure I shall become Devotee of Tikayat ji.
Repealed farm laws but what about the people who lost their lives, you can't give them back to their families , many people lost their father, brother, husband,brother in-law, father in law, some people are the only bread n butter earners for the family who will give them back...... 
Bhai asap logo me se koi hai jo railway group D ka New Batch purchase kiya hai
Traditional beliefs
Nothing MSP- in Farmers bills? Outside APMC , its not necessary- its not (deliberately) mentioned.
Yes God koi to he hume bachane wale we want freedom for fake virus
If kashmir will protest what kind of S halls will be used how many casualties would have been their
Press conference is not your place. Your real place is Tihar Jail.
Now they have found a person to take blame so that "MP's son"  could be saved.... 
I feel ashamed by watching our farmers condition
It was only a matter of time before these scum bags would start their nonsense.
Loved the lecture
Bhut bhut Achi explanation. Sab Kuch smjh aa gya. Thanks a lot sir.
All these thieves are cheating these innocent farmers by telling lies about farm laws and bringing them to Mahapanchayat. I feel sorry for these innocent farmers getting defrauded by likes of Dakait and these so called farm leaders for their political gains.
Post that gentleman SDM in Bastar Chhattisgarh.
Mark my works a time will come when channels like you will perish
Rubika looks scary , imagine her dressed in a white sari 
They are protesting bz they are in no mood to listen to the shenanigans of a corrupt, inhuman and treacherous BJP led govt
I just visited some of the godi media channels just to see that they are still spreading propaganda or their dead human has awaken but unfortunately they are still saving their master . God saves india from Mandarin (Modi)
India will never in 1000 years stand on its own and fight in Afghanistan.
Tikait is absolutely right
good news ravish kumar sir
Thnkeww sir
Avijit is wrong in all his assumptions
There is also the other side.
THANK YOU THE GREAT PATRIOT MOHAMANO MODI JI! TRUST OUR ORDINARY KIRSHAN BHAIS WILL UNDERSTAND THIS AND REGRET . THEY WERE SUCKED INTO POLITICALLY MOTIVATED TRAITORS AND WILL REGRET LATER WHEN IT WILL BE TOO LATE. JAI HIND AND BHARAT MATA KI JAI HO!!!!!
Modiji has asked for forgiveness... This jahil tikket group want focus and election ticket..... This is the most expensive agitation with ac, ghereala food, accomodation... Their sponsoters for not want to stop this agitation but most of the farmers has supported this bill... If these jahil people do not leave the our court must intervine and kick this idiots out of our delhi border...
East or west dhawan and mahipal sir is the best
Love your content and am a paid subscriber. I am from Kerala and dont speak Hindi. Would appreciate it a lot if subtitles could be given in English for the parts of the episode in Hindi.
delhi police shot dead another 3 people in red fort then ran
I challenge you, ask what they are protesting for? And they'll not be able to state a single clause
 India Today news channel  
WHY POUR WATER JUST SHOOT THEM
124507 1 RK pin number hai
Very well explained Sir . thank you so much for the  contribution and valuable information you have given to us
Finally farmers won 
Cunningly Indian Government bifurcated Churhda Punjab into three states to dilute the strength of Sikhs. For ultimate subjugation, Indian Army attacked Golden Temple and Akal Takht was heavily damaged and desecrated. 
There are majorly 2 ends of this problem, at production end (farmer) and at marketing end. At farmer end, problem of seed selection, or credit availability or using ICT for connecting with experts is there and it is explained quite well in this. Further from marketing end, https://youtu.be/qb7x84PS4mk this video will help take some initiatives. In my opinion, small landholding is also one of major cause of farmers, as it restricts economics of scale. May we some co-operatives (like in lines of Dairy cooperatives ) can be formed in future.
SARSHN LAL YOUGINDER YEDV CONGRESS PARTY AAP MURDABAD MURDABAD MURDABAD MURDABAD MURDABAD
Violence was started by the dogs of bjp rss party ....delhi police murdabad
Today is our great republic day but on the name of farmers terrorists made it black day. Strict action needed on the responsible persons, they should not dare to play with our Tiranga. My Tiranga.
Wow thanks mam
Farmers are real heroes
China 2.0....CCP in the house..You will own nothing and you will be happy 
Desh me bat heading
I THINK MODI HAS FOR GOTEN JAI JAWAN JAI KISSAN 
JAB TAK RSS AUR MODI JAISE SHAITAAN RAHENGE,AISA HOTA RAHENGA 
When he/she goes to sell his /her products at msp..,
Pls don't call it farmer violence. These are not farmers by any means
I m  from gujarat....   mene rice seeds kharida rs300/kg..... and aaj jub me rice bech raha hu to mujhe 180 to 200 rs/20kg  mil raha he.... to uske liye farmers kaa support karna chahiye
When you are united you are strong.
In your prayers do not go babbling on like the heathen, who imagine that the more they say the more likely they are to be heard. 
there are loopholes in this farm bill.
Opposition will further lose their face by fanning these protests and secretly bringing in terrorist groups to mix in this protest. Keep doing it and keep losing elections! This is 2020 and people are enough educated to know the reality on the ground.
Congress and opposition is desperate to come to power even if they have to do civil war in india.
Everything he is telling is a lie. I think he is congress spokesman  berojgar congress 
Hitler modi indian democracy feel insecure
They should atleast clean the mess
People are responsible for choosing their leaders. Now suffer
Bahut acche se apne kisan andolan ko cover kiya.
wheat and rice)was bought by government agency FCI (Food Corporation of 
Sir pllzzz.....seed rate of crops pe and crop diseases pe v vidio bnaye....
Gadafy will be symbol for Pm. If any harm to kissan leader but no hope
My digestion doesn't function without humiliation.
Guess this is the first time in 70 years .
What the hell keeping other states farmers in stake for just punjab
that's what happns when Government tries to turn democracy into dictatorship
GODI media. This channel needs to be booked for spreading hate in our nation. This is a anti national channel.
No money for Infrastructure (Roads, Rail, Airports, Sea ports, etc)
Punjab lies with you
Dhruv, i respect ur facts and reasons, but farmers, only saying that we want laws to be taken back, not colaborating in mediation was a bad thing!
I am proud to be a part of Farmer family OF punjab. 
It is Indian public bad luck we have people of such mentality in opposition in  parliament.   Almost entire opposition has looted the country and advent of a party headed by a person of character and ability Indian public is breathing fresh air
OMG, What a clarity of thought and expression...especially the animation and narration.....Excellent
Seikhism in india have need of leader like ranjeet singh right now
Can't believe how our government  is ignoring it .. we have elected bunch of fools
The joke's on you bhakt couple, the 3 farm bills have been repealed.
All governments will be no more!
US Selling arms to everyone to make peace if you dont bye youll get heal on earth
Completely destroyed democracy
built by blood slavery and evil
1:57 arrest that bastard who have Police Flashing Light on tractor.
Voters should wake up now for better India.
Uneducated CM , Gawaar !
Ohh God please help us
the first picture used in the background is 2 yrs old
*Farmers Protests And The Court*
There is huge disconnect between farmers/workers/laborers and urban/middle class/elite section/agri business of Indian society. People who are mostly discussing this issue (including this well meaning young Youtuber running Finology) have no clue about actual problems of farming in India. The most dangerous thing is that bureaucracy and political class(which actually makes laws and implement thru bureaucracy) in India is totally obliviant when it comes to farming. Farming in India is very diverse and each region has its own issues that is why it was supposed to be state subject instead of central govt's concurrent list. Crux of most problems is that India is being run from Delhi instead of giving more power to each state and in centralized decision making states are not represented equally. With current dispensation we are slowly moving towards disintegration of India. So enjoy living in bubble as longs as you can.
Fuckin shit Government and godi media
Sir, nice content ,too helpfull but there are 8 sisters in northeast(earlier it was 7)and(in your clip 16:30 you said so) uttarakhand doesnot belongs to northeast . 
Yogi ji will chase everyone of the guilty and bring them to justice.. Yogi ji we trust you.. Fortunately or unfortunately this happened in UP. We know what will happen now..
*NEWS DIGEST to START the Day (26 JAN 2021, Tuesday) 5 Minutes Read; updated at 0721HRS IST*
To cheese badi h mast mast 
thanks for showing your true colours
91 days past. The wrost pm India ever got.
Proud newslaundry subscriber 
Maaf karne ka sawal hi nahi atta. Doosri Or Rahul uchak raha hai. Both trying to score political points. The voters should reject both outright. It's a victory of the farmers, by the farmers and for the farmers.
Who is diljit??? He is only famous because of kangana...
Under to stand.
Govt says the agitation is by rich farmers. With agricultural land ceiling laws in all  States, I do not see how there are rich farmers. Will somebody explain why MSP about which the Govt. is willing to give a written assurance,  cannot be given a  statutory sanction.
Need to involve with selected areas of farmer's as Pilot project and convince them about the benefits. Then try to convince others
They are middlemen. Long Live Comrade Modi . What the Left, Congress  did not do ...BJP has done that. The Peasantry is now free and industrial capital is introduced in Agricultural breaking the middlemen nexus with politician. Being a Marxist, I support BJP and PM Modi.
Nothing  much to say
All are made victims for worlds wide wors 3?
Sir as u are a teacher and you must spread knowledge, not propaganda against the sitting government by showing false photos 
Taliban is showing that they are great. Every fools are thinking like that. It is not that difficult to wipe out Taliban from the surface of earth.
But BJP showing their talents on their own citizens.
*RSS terrorist die,there should not be any sympathy for him*
Those who understood the new bill. A small like please.
Super blessings to our Indian Folks 
And industry that feeds you is an industry worth fighting for! Please support the hands that feed you!
"Votes of farmers matter but voice of farmers doesn't"
They kow these who r protesting are khalistani.. Not farmers n they kow too tat the cars were attacked first n wat happens next was self defense.. 
No one is talking about Cuba protest 
Being on the public road for months is not a healthy reaction. It looks like this mad gang leader is suffering from obsessive compulsive disorder. With these fools it looks more like a mass sucide attempt. Cant this leader be forced into a mental hospital for his own safety and those he has been able to manipulate.
The same thing can be said for the food consumers, eat double the amount of rice and wheat from now to increase the flow of these crops. Shift your food habits according to the produce, not the other way around.
For a long time now  Physically Handicapped Punjabis have also been demanding free  electricity but no heed is being  paid by Punjab Govt.
Sir ghar me bathe hu 
I love all farmers they want their rights shame on goddi government
These are clearly funded terrorists, Im astounded that people still support these so called farmers...
Taliban n their ssupporties should be put in cages n thrown into the seas.
For third point if due to hoarding price gets high than same thing can be imported and the horder will be at loss.
Ha ha, they themselves will suffer... we don't relay on dryfruits...
#Superstockist #Distributorship #businessopportunity #RelonLimited #Relon #startupbusiness #GASLEAKSAFETYDEVICE #safety #startup #safety #startup #safety #startup #safety #startup #safety #startup #safety #startup #safety #directselling #Goa #rajasthan #Andhra_pradesh #Telangana #Punjab# #Uttarpradesh #Maharashtra #MP #Kerala #Tamilnadu #Karnataka #Westbengal #ArunachalPradesh #Sikkim #Nagaland
1 year se Gehari Need m the PM JI      AAJ JAGEE H ..      jab Utter Pradesh m ELECTION  h .. to  up election pr yaad aa gya ..  270  Death  hui h .. uska jimmedar kon h ...   JJBBAB KON DEGAA
"When Injustice Becomes Law, Resistance Becomes Duty".
govt should have anticipated and seized them back
Water and food deprivation to protestors?????
Fekru is worse than Hitler
Right to protest in democratic India 
LIBERANDU koh HEALTHY opposition chaheyeh YANEEKEE Pappu ek PAKISTANI agent CPI CPM ek Chinese agent NCP ek DAWOOD agent Shiv Sena inn sub kee AGENT aur ek TARAF sey sub LOOTEYREY DAAKU DESH DROHI innkoh kehtey hai HEALTHY OPPOSITION joh desh kee MAA chod rahey hai CHODO CHODO desh kee BEHEN CHODO
Thook kar chatna boolte hain..
Great pm great humanity we are with you sir
Arvind Kejriwaal is the next PM, Nodoubt. 
Won't be good for taliban to say anything about India's any action... They don't know Indians , we are ready to play football with talibani heads.... Jay hind
We don't need any government
This need to be discussed throughly
Nothing happened in this over hyped Bharat bandh 
Brothers do protest when circumstances are in control . This govt doesnt care abt u
Q - why are the farmers protesting ?
BUT today we must all STAND WITH OUR FARMERS and MAKE THEM WIN.
U r great pm.. Jai hind
Shame on you ..you still do not dare to ask questions to the existing government and blaming on opposition.
Sujata is not respecting  CJI remark actually this type of writist lady is detrimental for our society.
God bless ...
All APMCs have agreed NOT to deduct any money from payments paid to the Farmer. In fact, 8% extra will be paid to each farmer by APMC that will be reimbursed by SGPC. This way, APMC will force private mandi of Ambani Adani to close their shop and run Away. No need to change the Law back and criminalise the farmers for selling their crop outside APMC. Long live revolution Down with imperialism
Tight slap to ruling bjp govt..and this sdm is go goa gone after 2024
Dilli chalo finally won
Do India really need to trade with such countries.  It's time we should stop worrying about welfare of the world and set our own house to order.
I started reading the new farm laws one by one today.
Wait for Yogi
THINK OF DEVELOPMENT . PLEASE TAKE ADMINISTRATIVE REFORMS.
Just shows how if government would have since the start tried to bring equality in income levels among regions this could not have happened . Why didnt green revolution work for all states , why infrastructure lacks in some states . JUST WHY?????
SHAME on you Modi ..they are not terorist 
Oh man I hate this channel
Abp wale sharam karo yaar had hoti hai behsrami ki you also know the government was wrong when they passed this 3 bills now up election is near and fear of defeat could be the main reason for this decision and you still say master stroke...abp and all the godi media ek saccha wafadar  ke tarah hai joh apne malik ko protect karta hai
Welcome greater islamic world
Why ndtv and india today are so much anti govt and anti modi
GOBAR AARYA HAVE U SEEN THE TAAQIT OF ISLAAM.  ALL YOUR PUPPET ALREADY RUN AWAY.  AARYA NOW WE ARE COMING TO U GET READY..MR  GOBAR AARYA
Modi is a politician at the end of day. He thought of doing something in his capacity for the farmers and vast majority were happy with it. But if a vocal minority of rich powerful vested interest group with strong PR is denting his image worldwide why would he care about farmers?  But when the silent majority actually realize what they lost, it will be too late. They missed a golden opportunity. If they are so naive to comprehend who their friend is and who is their foe, they are better off being left to their fate. Modi will find a way to win election but the farmers will never find a solution for their problems.
Absolutely bjp showed they fear only election n 750 farmers blood on Modi's hand
    UP      
Sanjay Singh & Ajit Anjum  A powerful representative of common people.
I found no issues in these laws.
Great 
Wonder why we are not allowing  the farmers march. It is their right to march as long as they do not destroy the property.
Listen to grassroot community
Farmers Never believe   Commitment of Feku , he is 420 about his commitment , we seen so many times . After bill pass only stop this protest .
I am not quite sure if the govt actually bowed down to farmers and Sikhs or Khalistani and middlemen, hope it's the former
U lairs, listen to all the union leader vedio prior to 26th and 26 is a dark day for some thay don't have the same freedom as the upper caste hindus.  All have the right to the Red fort you mom is not the one that out freedom
hcbh       Comment   
Is that what u want to spread disharmony in nation.
Good political holiday
Farmers .. spend 40 lakhs rupees ..for modification .. comedy... Karte ho kya ...
So do you have these kinds of qualities. 
Slaves, can u buy oil with INR?
Police ke uper sab patthar hi maarte hai jhoothe
How there will be implanting. Laws r good as per theory. But implementation failed many aspects/issues.
Congratulations to our farmers 
He is irrelevant after Guru Purab.
aaj punjab ke halat ese hai ki din bhar din government college band ho rahe hai.
What a beautiful protest! Mangaye guru! BJP ki leli. A great case study to every Indian who is suffering because of this incompetent communal gundas.
Repealing the Farm Act. Is a master strock of Modiji. Chit bhi mera Pat bhi mera .
3 farm bills are taken back by the govt. But now question is that when farm bills are implemented all the farmers of india can sell their crops to any one in any cost without the intruprion of middle man which helps them to get more benifit 
Only channel where video starts and ends without requesting viewers to LIKE, SHARE & SUBSCRIBE
Shame on you. Isn't this provocation and instigation of riots?
Poor farmers : trying to run over police personal with tractors 
This music suddenly reminds me of rahul!
Very  good and clear explanation. I am impressed. You must be a law student right ? Anyway keep up the good work and I will be your fan.
So sad that even the President supports such dictators. He is bjps man
Oh my god , hats of to your courage sir 
Best Analysis on repealed Farm Laws.
A.goodexampleindianfarmersinmuzaffarnagaruttarprades.adangerbell...for.b.j.p.inallindia.p.m.modiamerchant.heisnotlikeaindian.p.m.pappumeena
Farm Law Cancelled By Modi BJP Government. 
India tv is the marketing company of bjp
Neither useful for farmers nor customers. Jus a corporate look for middle man system. Thats it.
Akali Dal had done a first good job in the last 13 years.
Shame on BBC terming it as Voilent. Paid Media.
Thanks to Anna Hazare
This is what happens when people fail to understand the essential (abstract to some) features of democracy and put their fate in the hands of people with ulterior motives.
4. Not everything that is implemented and working in other/ developed countries will be good for us. With major part of population deprived of basic rights, how this major reform can work for us?
The government couldn't even has the courage to allow the discussion in the house when the opposition wanted to speak on the same subject of the proceedings.
Better this Gandhi family keep maun vrat for  rest of their life for betterment of nation otherwise they will divide our beautiful country again like 1947.
Great explanation! I am currently in the process of starting an Agri technology supply chain startup. This info is helpful.
Farmers- criminals and terrorists.
In all developed countries (democratic or not), governments all provide huge subsidies to their own farmers. Farmers are a country's backbone and national treasure, only India treat them as burden and trouble.
ayushsinha (SDM karnal) sheer abuse of his power. How could you give such ruthless orders , where you are openly asking the police to lathi charge on head.A civil servant should be like a bridge between the government and the farmers.
The quality of agri product in India is bad, because of govt. regulated whole sale market. Indian left is against free market. They want to plant more govt control on people.
Plz always use natural seed only .Don't buy seed from these multinational company.
Please support our farmers.
Any country with idiots leader  will end up  with DISASTER.
Do you know who are ugrvadi ??
World greatest faku...........
Please make a dedicated video on  "who is amit shah".
BJP should be thankful to muslim, they can't win without mentioning muslim  or talking against them and dividing the nation in the name of Hindu and Muslim, they can't dare win on achieving good for the nation
Best initiative by drishti till now
Dacait ke bure din shuru hone wale hai
  (  https://www.badabusiness.com/digital-bounceback?pp_code=BIAT008780)     Digital Bounce Back   Call 9557290440
This is the power of police 
I salute the real heroism
Referral Code: MUDITGUPTA (for 10% discount on Unacademy Plus)
He sounds less irritating at 1.25 speed.
The poor farmers have no voice, these are the rich ones
Thank you very much.Keep bestowing upon the wonderful knowledge on us on important issues.
Why are you punishing them for using their fundamental right of protest? Is India a democracy or autocracy?
Only in UP.
They have shown their true colors by waving khalistani flag.
Speak whatever mam ... you'll win only 5-8 seats in UP elections 
3.	It as an anticipatory subject with noun phrases and noun clauses. (Underlined at Page 
We get food and water , air everything In Nature god's grace free no need money for everything but human government control the land and make us as a slave we lost our way please ........
Sari police suar  ki olaad hai ye police wale mrte hai dil ko skoon milta hai ke chlo desh ke gdaar mr rhe hai mgar mere Desh ki indian army Navy and commandos hmesha yug yug jeete baste rahe
The stand of Sardar Gurnam Singh Chaduni is commendable  that is, the Whole present political system (including comrades too)of our Democratic & secular country may be said responsible for harassing the Kissans. 
I ain't support any group/party... But I am happy to see that our farmers are happy 
New Agriculture Law is the need for Agrarian Crisis 
Monoply of corporate will still be more diverse than the monoply of the government.
These people are dalars and agents not farmers..
1. The GOI and many Intellectuals like SG made a wrong assumption that farmers are ANPADH-GAWAR. Most of the ANPADH-GAWAR farmers referred to by SG had full support of their highly educated children. The fact that people who have no knowledge of farming practices as well as the farming community are the die-hard supporters of the so-called farm reforms only lead to a delayed rollback of the not so reformist laws.
Just 0.9 % farmers are large farmers in india....so even if 3 % benefit....thats a huge number...just keep pushing propaganda
Political stunts. Shameless government.
Modi sarkar tried their level best to divert the attention of the public from the real issue at hand with their filthy gutter tactics.. and they did succeed for a while, but the public now knows better. Shameless Modi government !
fifth floor
Great ma'am.. very informative lecture.. Thank you so much ma'am for ur efforts..
Nothing.
@2:35 was real Fun..
Does anyone now the name of the guy 3:06 in white shirt ?
Chee news is responsible
BJP must immediatly suspend all their politicias like Khattar and Mishra who spread violance against farmers. Jay Shree Ram, Bharat Mata ki jay.... Jai Jawaan... Jay Kishan.. .    Khattar aur Mishra jaisa BJP ke gundo ko jail...  kishano ko MSP ka labh mile..... 700 mara kishano ko nyay mile...Jay Shree Ram.. Bharat Mata Ki jay... Jay Jawaan.. Jay Kishan
Nebraska will ship it, im not in business.
12. if no politics then why bringing congress in between bro?
For All The People who Are In Support of Farm Laws.... Congress BJP Mili Hui Hai Bhai.... Ye Dono He Ek Dusre k Sath Hai... Congress BJP dono ek dusre ko chori chori Support kar rahi hai...
And now punjan government led by sikh cm capt amrinder singh and navjyot siddhu ,  not ready to share farmers data with goverment so goverment cant send money into their bank accounts. I hail this intelligent sikh leaders. Very good aise hi karo
Jai kisanbeware of police dressed Sanghis as we witnessed them during Anti CAA-NRC agitation. Beware Beware. Long live farmers Unity. 
agar rate fixed karte he.. rate low hone pr benifit he agar hmne 5 rupees fixed kiya or rate high 8-9 ho gya fir karna?
1. Net-metering Solar panelled boundary walls with night lighting, solar pumps & drip/spray nutritious irrigation.
Congressi Des Drohi
Shaheen Bagh 2.0.. Incoming Preparations for another Delhi Riots by Leftist Goons, Be careful !!! Whenever they Protest and Block roads, It is to cover up transportation and stocking of Weapons for Riots.
Only Sp+RLD
Preparation for upcoming elections and after taking 700+ precious lives!
1. A real professional is always ready at least 2 mins before a scheduled meeting unless you are running a business but this is still bad customer service making your client or customer wait.
Reform in agricultural sector is need of hour. Agricultural sector must be liberalised just like other sector and private investment is much needed! Govt need to do that properly. Jai Hind! 
We all can work, but together we win. Unity is strength. Congratulations India. 
Stupid channel is only commenting on news instead of supporting farmers on the issue and questioning government
We cannot allow a few misguided people to hijack democratic right of others.
The Taliban will become the next North Korea in the coming days with the support of China and Pakistan. It will gain access to advance military weapons from China and guess who will the Taliban use them against?? US and NATO countries only. Once the Taliban takes complete control of present-day Afghanistan, with the help of China and Pakistan, it will become the biggest curse for the US in the future. And then America will keep fighting at multiple fronts and won't be in position to curtain it's present enemy China. 
Why arent these vulcher party going to Kashmir?
Shamefull, Disgusting Media of our country,totally Corrupt,indulge only in making Good Profit of itself and Sold it's Sould of journalism infront of Money,Run Agenda for Modi,BJP,Yogi. https://youtu.be/iQizEARGNEE
One of the great teacher to provide free knowledge hats off to u sir
I feel that this agriculture reformed bill proposed by Gov. needs some changes & amendments to ENSURE that our most diligent & hardworking farmer brothers get their truly deserving  rewards:
Nobody force to sell to private. 
Unsubscribe Cheeeee news
Worst prime Minister of country, he has no sympathy for people who have died due very cold weather,
Indian killing Indian ... This is frustrating and infuriating...
India has a "SUPER-WOMAN" having 56" TOUNGE..
Amit shah last yr: we will not repeal, we can have discussions.
free market would serve companies and capitalism though what r ur stances on that ? what do u feel about coorperate ownership of land ? debate on those otherwise there isnt much significance conservative(in the real sense) , enviroment ,technology is making us unliveable .
This is disgusting theyre attacking defenceless people
Ban communist party of India. What is the point of having a communist party in a democratic country
The idea is that our human brains are really composed of three parts:
U r Khalistani not a fucking farmer
Sadhguru On How Commercialization Of Agriculture Has Caused Problems In The Past | Mystics Of India
Y starting s hai?
Mam thank you so much finally sab samaj agya
Use those barricade to stop Chinese instead.
These properties and money should be sold and / or used for public purposes.
2 land owned by company if farmer fail to produce good crops
Yogiji should start ethanol production in large scale in up let them protest jab ghar ayenge to baki farmers ko malamal payenge
All this is happening by the so called Peaceful Religion... Now that the fight is by the same God, who will the Ola Oo Uber will support?
Even God has given up in front of these idiots!
Finally after 1 year... Taken some action by Govt...
Only Yogi jee 
The bill was repealed due to the recent loss in elections by the current ruling party, this has resulted in lives lost of more than 700 farmers which the ruling govt has yet to accept
HINDUO IKATHE HOJAO
 ........ it is a blunder by the Govt to assume and equate our Indian farmer as to be an American farmer/farmimg ( as an illustration),  In America,  unlike our nation/Bharat/India, there are few farmers with huge farming lands and privileged with requisite resources, education, computer tech, logistics and above all America Govt has obligatory provisions - a binding by law of subsidies to the American farmers, whereby American farmers have the built-in/inheirted capacity to act as private business themselves without any middlemen so to effectively/economically manage their produce ensuring definite profit margins  ....... .....  
Kudos to the farmers. It took none other than a Sardarjee to teach Modi a lesson. Kejriwal, Priyanka, shut up and get lost.
What crap
Now time for India awake and get out from Kashmir immidiately because USA and Russia finally understand reality better for rest of India.
Only two state farmers
Actually Modi government was too adamant.actually bjp always doing favour for corporate.
It's this simple Folks... 
After 8 killed and ran over by car by Ashish Meshra , who was given only a red carpet arrest, the only conclusion which can be seen is that BJP doesnt care about killing Sikhs because it doesnt affect their vote bank 
abe besharmi news channel
Why is US so obsessed with Afghanistan... Why do they care so much?
Don't blame the US and allies, the Afghani's were given 20 yrs to get their shit together and couldn't do it.
When did India's flag changed??  And what about other states farmers?? Oops only  some states farmers are feeding us free of cost
PLEASE READ MORE ON BORIS ISRAEL XI PUTIN TRUMP- THESE ARE RIGHTWING FUNDAMENTALISTS WHO ENTER COUNTRY LIKE BORDER IMMIGRATION
No.1 gunda of 
Tried by all means to weaken agitation, also by bring split in farmers.
The chickens have come home to roost
14) Now Tikait will try to come in UP 
 price. Till 2010 the minimum support price was lower than the 
Watever iyer answered on Rakesh kumar sathu's first question will he apologize to Nation if it doesn't happens .?? Inhe sab aata h lol 
Godi media is not welcome there..
They can then create artificial shortage and will raise the prices just bleow the limit so govt will not interfere
*We LOSS to logic thinking, reasoning and negotiations*
yu are a failure pm modi.. bring back the lives of people who lost . U know punjab election coming .. u have used my guru nanak dev ji to for your bitch politics...shame bjp modi
Thanks to benevolent man PM Modiji whose only family is his country 
Omicron :- shit yarr
This happen because of Election
So called Kishan damaging private and public properties
Now who will save farmers from the clutches of rich farm middlemen, arhtiyas, Dakaits? The farmers will continue to born in debt, live in debt and die with debt? Government should not have repealed the new farm bills. Very unfortunate.
This is an act of terrorism!!! Shouldn't be called 'incident', we can clearly see this mass murder was done intentionally.
This bills are beneficial for all India.
Breaking police barrier on republic day this is self goal
WTF! I was seen the video before but didn't noticed a man is shooting (behind in the jeep). With this much proof, Nobody got arrested. How does these brainless people voted for this man? Something not right in voting i guess.
when they are trying to explain why do you cut the video show some truth?
** MSP is determined for the country as a whole and not region or state-specific. The 22 mandated  crops, for which MSP is being announced by the government for the last three years, include 14 Kharif crops viz. paddy (Common and Grade A), jowar (Hybrid and Maldandi varieties), bajra, maize, ragi, arhar, moong, urad, groundnut, soyabean, sunflower, sesamum, nigerseed, cotton (medium staple and long staple variety) and 6 Rabi crops viz. wheat, barley, gram, masur (lentil), rapeseed & mustard, safflower and two commercial crops viz. jute and copra (milling and ball copra). In addition, MSP for toria and de-husked coconut are also fixed on the basis of MSPs of rapeseed & mustard and copra respectively.
Godi media. Farmers is right
Mr. Iyer your analysis is all bull shit. Sitting inside your room and giving gyan. Get a role with responsibility than its different sir
Plese brodecast news 
Newslaundry wale bataenge bc 
Bakwaas, watch dhruv rathee s farmer bill video, real issue is mandi system is being implemented under private mandi system and not govt regulated, this system was tested before and it failed world over, farmers will lose voice with this bill.
True news
Shame on UP govt, can't fight fair
First Farmers threw stones on police and then police did what it should do
The demand Yadav is making is that penal provisions be included that, if anybody buys farm produce below MSP, he will be put to trial and punishment. In case it is done it is sure that the produces will rotten if there is oversupply in the market. Take the example of wheat. If oversupply is there for wheat (which can be easily produced), the excess produce will not be purchased by anybody due to fear of legal provisions. So the demand for penal provisions is utter foolishness. It will put especially small and medium farmers into more trouble.
Why dont people understand it that mitrooo was the biggest mistake
The time will come when bhakt will cry for fundamental rights.
Now a days , Farmer are protesting  in Germany. You aren't showing.
great respect sir
These are not farmers
Please come out of your closet we need know who youre
Corrupted ministry
Thumbnail se political word hatawo dalalo
u people think the modi govt has always had good intentions but he is no god and has definetely done many many evil things
Very impressive and clear cut explaination sir,,....thank you so much
I am proud of our kisan
Wow India's most educated leader owesi Sahab zindabad 
No farmers No food ..
These are not farmers these are dacoits
Who is a terrorist taliban or Modi?please
The Agricultural Minister could not made his home work properly before bringing the Farm laws bill and without making wide consultation brought the 3 farm bills in urgent manner during 2020 which given the opportunist opposition parties a tool for provoking the farmers and its leaders for an agitation which later the external forces and anti-national elements took advantage for creating security threat and disturbance of peace. After realising the mistake made while passing the farm laws the PM declared for repeal the said laws without make as prestige issue to convince the farmer community for farm reforms in a better way despite the govt. is enjoying clear majority in both houses which is heart touching. The agitated farmer leaders and its sponsored opposition are are very unhappy and frustrated as they failed in capitalising the this issue for their own advantage to topple the govt. is completely failed. The opposition behaviour and RS scene while moving and debating on farm Laws repeal Bill is quite evident.
The wheat farmers in Punjab grow poison(most of them). The government for many years has been a garbage dump for them, they sell to govt wheat for 30 and the govt further sells the crop for 2-3. The wheat crop is grown with large amounts of pesticides and fertilizers that no company can ever buy that stuff. This is the main reason why these farmers started the protest, in fear that if govt stops buying their crops then who will.
Most people opposing the bills know NOTHING about the bills.
first stop development, second increasse poverty, thrid create fear 
i got fan the way you speak.....its was nicely explained by you  maam, especially it sound logical to me...........and at last i want to say that it improved my level of understanding the issue, thanks!!!!!!
Boycott this channel
Next time pls encounter these mandi walas
          please
dont worry in few years another group will throw Taliban away from Kabul, everyone is trying to become god's messenger. i think true followers of Islam has the duty of guiding their brothers who are misguided
Jai Hind! Victory of our democracy.
Such a big liar this man is... whats the point in saying so much when every one specially the youth knows that this man is IS A BIG LIAR ... He wont win next election. Atleast that is what I want
3) no free water.
Chemical engineering wala .. 2017 me pass out ho kar 4 saal mei public admin  Kia Jane .. kash koi Indian independence struggle ka koi paper hota tu yeh log attempt hi na karte .. now these people tell how to live ..
One side story. No depth analysis. Waste of time. I won't watch it complete.
Thank you sir giving exact clarity about the information
Big victory of my dear farmers and family, jai jawan jai kisan jai hind 
Naveen Prakash ji chairperson of cacp
hahaha please stop lie      new bill already present in up and other states and they all are telling us this is fail system.  so why government want to establish it on whole country
Ajay Mishra and your son barsted wait Next election results see no more BJP
Such a great explanation in a few words! Thank you so much!
Never copy to write.
Who gave right to Haryana government to stop any citizens, government who dont even know about fundamental rights of citizens, a big slap on democracy.
Question to be Answered 
Nation: 0
India should be prepared for anything 
Very nice video. Keep up the good work . I also have a blog containing all the essential agricultural updates about govt policies, startups, agritech technology.Visit at:
Shamelesss police with shameless b.j.p
BJP wasted 7 years. BJP lost 7 years. Those who voted for BJP in 2014 and 2019 will not vote for BJP now. Many people are disappointed with BJP.
Pull them in to jai let them face cnciquence of  India Law jai Hind
ancien regime, and refuses to see
The ordinance is very much in the favour of Farmers but not for the middlemen and Mandi Boards and the state loosing its 6% revenue which was being enjoyed at the cost of hard work of farmers. Farmers are being misguided by these state parties. MSP and Mandi Boards will still exist. Its just an option to sell agricultural produce to anyone anywhere and farmers will have the right whom they choose the mandi or the private players. Congress in Punjab is complete bullshit cause the same reforms were mentioned in the Congress Party Manifesto 2019 lok sabha elections. Smt. Harsimrat K Badal resigned cause If a member of the Cabinet wishes to openly object to a Cabinet decision then they are obliged to resign from their position in the Cabinet. Stop dirty politics.
Sir,  Very well understood and the same expecting of hike in the oil price even though surplus supply ,, why GST is not insisting on Oil price hike? could you please explain in detail in the next video
Ess desh ko Aap Tikait ji neta ki jarurat h ..jo sachhi or emandar baat krte h for infrastructure development, education, unemployment, farmers welfare , labourers welfare
This law is good
Worst than Afghanistan
Government school k bche to bekar ho gye
Courtesy: Hindustan Times Kolkata Thursday August 7,2008
Good for the farmers.....now they will get good value for their crops
HELL NO , ITS EVEN WORST
138 Crore, people of Indians are eating daily food because of farmer hardship. Should the PM and CM's sensible to that? No concerns by Government so far.poor leadership in India.
Shame on NDA Government
listening to this gave me a whle new perspective on how the whole things works. There is a thin line of balancing the string and make everyone happy, but that seem to be a distant star.
But why don't he tell that he is accused of bribery and extortion of money from jindals. Who will believe a corrupt jailed journalist.
Why media keeps on  sustaining Mr Sitaram Yechuri,Mr Daniel Raja by undeserved publicity ? Do they represent the people ? How many elections have they won ?
Modi Shah made the biggest mistake in not consulting you how to resolve the farmers agitation . You can expect a phone call from them anytime soon.
Panjabee and zharyana Kisans are No longer as deaf and dumb as YOU think!!  
Why do people beat and throw out these terrorists
Reforms are necessary but they have to take into account Hunan lives that they will directly affect, and not only the big picture and macro data.
4.	Possessive Adjectives Vs. Possessive Pronouns. (Underlined at Page no.57)
Upper west UP witness of new pakistan and khalistan muslim and sikh unity , dangerous for India, why hindu from outside avoid that area for business
National hereld ghutale RAJIV khan Foundation ghutale poppu KHAN chore ghutale NOKLI HINDU ASLI MUSLIM NOKLI HINDU banke desh KO Lutrai khandani chore poppu KHAN chore ghutale Muslim parivar KO arrest koro jail main dalo china ke Agent PAKA DARI SUORE ka Encounter koro IED Blast korke SUORE ko URADO BUDDA LAL BANDHAR
Wow emerging India enjoy it
Is this video available in english?
RSS is Taliban of INDIA
Laathicharge them
Bottom line is PUNJAB money is going to stay in Punjab and improve their economy and not going to GUJU Banias and Marwaris. Fair ...why do we need middle man like from outside of Punjab?
 9. In 2021 january govt gave a option to protesting farmers union that it will hold the laws till 2 years until 
6) How come farmers are in illeagal possession of tear gas guns? (See the picture is a leading national daily newspaper!). Where did he get it? How much did he pay & to whom? Who supplied it? Did it come from China or Pakistan?
You cannot stop the storm
Same on police no law rath country done
Let them March.... Towards parliament....
Kejrival best person in this India
Very bas
They be like: Yay, Yay we just killed our own future, yay!
These people can't be farmers....they are terrorists.
If the farmers are not crossing the line, this is unjustified. I do not know what the farmers did in this case... But also, as a matter of principal I hate when protestors stop being peaceful and riot.
So, hoisting "nisan sahib" brings shame to the country, whereas saffron flag was hoisted on the high court back in 2017, in Rajasthan, woh pride hai? Govt. Building per kuch bhi nai hoist ho skta hai, didn't bjp hoisted their flag too once? Stop being ignorant
Let all state join together to protest
Process of bil repeal
Now the government duty is done ..
What you said around 11:50 proved fatal for the govt. & Shows that they were possibly thinking of helping Adani & ambani
Potato processing gives chips,french fries , frozen tikki etc
Great try to whitewash things....but this is happening in india....doing such vedios will not manipulate things...
I feel ashamed to be a part of this once great country...
Economics died , politics wins
so aren't there any rules as to what happens if the speaker doesn't follow rules? if this is what really happened why don't the opposition file a case.
Stop demonizing farmers BIASED media. Modi-Yogi-BJP have to go. Farmers will be victorious.
If all are in favour of Farmers.. Dn why they are protesting!!! Plz kindly clearfy!!
I appreciate it very good
  baricating       ,                                
You are absolutely correct, and he must pay compensation for the deaths of so many farmers from his own assets and the PM's fund, since he is the prime instigator of these laws
These are not farmers. These are karyakarta of political party. Most probably BJP karyakarta in the form of farmers. They are decleard farmer are rioters and take physical action against them.
Watch a video at below link to understand the MSP system and impact on farmers from a son of a farmer.
Low lives. All I see human trash calling themselves Kissan. Everyone knows these arent kissan but modi thinks otherwise
NOT ENOUGH. Enough damage is done to the society by Modi Baman/Baniya sarkar. Never again they will be at ease in villages across India. Adani bought 300 Acre farm in the UK to hide from India and Indians abroad. Shame on modi.
How is this nationwode protests? Its just in 2 to 3 states and one union territory.
Must the bill be released.
wtf  bro send me the link for this index
Imran Khan is a class man 
Just pull them out. Dun trust the Taliban. They are just acting nice for the time being till international forces pull out. They'll show their real self in a matter of weeks.
Media ki Political reporting
Many points covered...Thanks Mam...
I love how they focus on "will women be allowed to govern?"
It's so sad to see government doing this to its own people...
Revolution but gradually , massive subsidies , no income tax and MSP, 
Today it's finally over 
Dua hai ki Hum sab aapko PM ke roop me dekhe and you will achieve a lot in life as our blessings are with you .
*Protest against farm laws: Opposition steps up nationwide protest, Kerala MP to knock on Apex Court*
Modi controls media and controls what they show on tvs
Only aimim ghatbandhan
Govt services for youth are required .un employment is increasing day by day.
Merk them and their families
President approved and thereafter it was implemented.
Wating for another game plan of modi 
Night madam, you are absolutely crisp and clear. This is Khalisthani move supported by anti nationals including defunk Congress.
It is not monopoly, its monospony
Thanks.....
Finally andolanjeevi rocked takla shocked.
farmers will never find a solution for their problems.
This news channels only want to promote false news when these stupid people dont know the full story dont talk shit. Losers
she is reading the script with lot of video editing. Aise Netha nahi chahiye humein 
Better senses have prevailed and they are now removing the barricades.
Former is framers I respected all formers india back bone our former
Never mind engine issues, it's diffy the main rotor blades, it's not going anywhere
Depsite the FIRs there are no arrests for BJP leaders, ministers or their sons as demanded by the Farmers and Opposition leaders. The reason behind this due to majority of BJP leaders are accused in criminal cases, rapes and murders including the CM Yogi also accused in 20 year old murder case and even the PM Modi is accused of behind the brutal killing by lynching of Ehsan Jaffri Congress MP in 2002 and the case is still going on in Supreme Court and the next hearing against the PM Modi is on 18th October 2021. Therefore, it is impossible for the BJP govt. to arrest all of the BJP leasers as almost all are accused in so many cases. That is the reason Supreme Court of India said Jungle Raj prevails in Uttar Pradesh in 2019 and also in Madhya Pradesh in 2021.
What is Bill = Corps dictating hybrid non-organic seeds to sow -> contract farming -> bonded labour -> farmland capture-> stubble burning.
Agriculture is the backbone of India. We have large parcels of agricultural land. The Indian plutocrats, in alliance with their multi-national, neo-colonial cousins, are in the process of destroying India's backbone by making life difficult for small farmers of this country today. Modi & Co are just executing the orders of their capitalist patrons, of which they themselves are made stakeholders of. If the people of this country do not show BJP-RSS and such sanghee anti-national and anti-human and anti-democratic forces their place by throwing them out of power, we as a nation is on the verge of self-destruction.
There was no stone pelting simply they were protesting. Car mowed on peaceful farmers from behind. Windscreen was not broken just it was kept down while driving
It's revenge
" INDIA THAT IS BHARAT" 
who is reddy???
The Sikhs community in India is the fighters of India..
I support farmers, Jai hind
Abp is a biased channel
Majority media is biased to Modi Government
Definitely politically motivated move....  Due to election s
This advisor knows what is real problems, he is hiding the realities, RSS agendas coming out from his mouth
Why BJP rep. Disturbing the other panelist?
are sent for these activities through NGOs. How they want to occupy? 
Wasted countrys time for more.than one year. What have we gained?  Both parties are wasting time . Decisions are taken without analysis and risk assessment.
Farmers won bz they were right , salute to farmers who sacrificed their lives for their rights. Modi should have taken black laws back while back but he tested farmers. Farmers are warriors who stood their ground , congrates to Farmers of Punjab n Haryana
He is intellect lier ...and stupid also
Cheating each other ... family dictatorship 
1. Now small farmers have option to sell right at their own doorsteps and not worry about logistics, middlemen and commission/taxes / bribes.  All these leads to produce wastage and loss of important time/ cashflow etc.  Alternatively they're free to sell through MANDIS.
Please share a minute video daily or after every video on True stories of  Unity and love among Indians of various communities.
Last elections no BJP in South because we hate BJP our local governments doing good
Video is for those who think only punjab farmers have problems with farm laws
BJP Congress ki Secret Partnership hai... Jahan Bhi AAP Election ladti hai , BJP khud haar jaati aur Congress ko Apne Votes Transfer karke Congress ko Jita deti hai... Just because AAP Power me na ajaye .. Agar AAP Power me aagai toh Congress BJP walon ko Jail Ho Jaegi...Kewal AAP ko Rokne liye Cuz AAP wale bikenge nahi... Aur Congress K MLA toh Hamesha For Sale Rehte hai.... Fir BJP Congress k MLA khareedke Govt Form kar Leti hai...Half Duration Tum Luto Half Duration Ham Lootenge...  Har State me Yahi Ho raha hai last 5 years se... for Eg : Punjab , Haryana , Karnataka , Rajasthan , Chhattisgarh , Goa , Jharkhand , MP.  Kewal Public ko dikhane k liye Congress BJP ek dusre ko Ulta Sidha Bolte hai. Aur Fir Parde K Pichhe Ek Dusre Ka Sath Dete hai... BJP Congress Se Alag kese Jab Politicians He Same hai Kabhi isme Kabhi Usme.. And This Secret Hidden Partnership Is Being Exposed everyday. BJP Congress is Very dangerous for India....
4:20 "women make up a third of all the workers, and as a result have been central to the movement".
Thanks for your information, Congress always opposite to national development.
Sikhs are known to protect the innocent they shouldn't have done this , BUT the bigger question is what raged them so much to take such an action , I heard one nihang saying in punjabi that the man tried to insult there holy book joh video ye log nay beech meh say he kaat diya watch closely 1:37 to 1:42
Please take issue times of india
So...... Arnab you mean to say BJP is afraid on view of the next elections....... or not confident of farm laws!
Option (A)   CCEA
Freeze all funds from abroad for NGOs immediately
Congress zero seats next election
For some vested intrest they could not doit,now the same bill is introduced by NDA.
Welcome change, hopefully for Punjab
it was just a simple and clear explaination of farm bills from the  introducing to the repealing ,it was just an amazing  explaintion i loved it ,thank you so much for such an explaination
Bjp has a power eggo bjp govt modi ji doesn't measure strength of any political social andolan they always believe andolan altimetly collapsed but they wrong they have no management how to takle kisan hesitation now all poltical party shooting in back chanel .kisan andolan make more trouble in future.
Terrible reporting.
Hon. SC shd adjudicate that whether dharna at this site is legal or illefal.
Good on him
But all we know now that's their in comments section 80% Pakistani it cell + khalistani it ce ll is working and if others comments in favour of bjp government then they will say it's bjp it cell or godi media .
Now  judiciary should intervene
I come from an India where a politician starts its journey on a bicycle  from a very small village with a few rupees in his pocket but becomes a billionaire in few months or years by looting and schaming the common man and the country....
Instead of destroying a culture land mark. Do something different. It's not gonna help you at all. Just stop feeding the country n see what happens. Destroying the red fort will cause more chaos n damage 2 u all.
Only punjab & haryana have problem
Thanks for  English subtitles 
JJP , BJP all the same. Do not worry Mr Chaitala, People of Haryana know that you are an opportunist. They  will not vote for you  in next elections.
I wish you all the best, my brothers.
May all beings be kind and supportive of each other!!  
The most underrated channel.
No farmers No food No life
Father and son are continuously misleading the investigation. What the f*@$ is wrong with the government.
Thank you team drishti
And Now Farm Laws
4. Many lawyers put various ways of thinking and Agitations main theme would be surprisingly be found with more points Which were not at all on discussion initiation.
Change the elected Party.
This is most likely more propaganda by the evil News Media working to destroy the world, playing mind games with everybody.  Nobody believes them anymore.
 "Ahamd Shah Abdali" Exactly these Sik have protected your wives and daughter. Support them !!! Be all like siblings to each other, it is muslim , hindu or sik. Long story short, 
No support to these broker middleman mandi walas. Take military action to stop these fake protest funded by congress
Cricket stadiums are being hired to contain farmers. 
My respect for NDTV is increasing day by day just because of this kind of journalism. I hope we had many more such news channels in our country. We really need to keep in check our source of information in these crucial times.
#standwithfarmer
Big mistake to leave cause we will be back in months f the taliban may the taliban die horribly
Gst bill se pehele yese bole the app
Why are people saying that these reforms were passed without any consultations. These farm bills were pending since the UPA government in 2013.
I oppose the anti-farmer bill.
Jai shree Ram
Not beletedly but reluctantly
Family politics, corrupt govt, selfish people, communities appeasement, fake journalist, criminal politician.......
Two Bjp people and one media person died who is talking and sympathy always supporting congress India today group
This moves if implemented will bring huge support from 20-35 yrs old job seekers and middle class and poor before UP PUNJAB UTTARAKHAND ELECTIONs
Govt is clueless because the divisive BRAHMASTRA of religion and anti-national failed......
Sad for BJP workers...No one covering them..BJP neither cared for them in Bengal nor caring here
Just compare what happened to BSNL after coming of privatization. BSNL vanished. Prices are not controlled.
farm bill is bad...atleast hoarding to nhi hona chahiye...
She has to visit srinagar and Kashmir also as terrorists killed Hindu pandits.. political dramaebaaz congress
Would have made things more clearer.
"who finds kangana wrong"...the way you delivered it..haha
Police Wale Chor sale
Contract farming               ,                
Act now! NIP the trouble in the Bud !!
All govt that is following path of religious ideology  is simply a Taliban . They can only hit farmers with big wood as lathi  . No respect for such Govts.
Not a single party flag 
Thanks u Delhi public for understanding the farmers problem .they are asking for there right n revoked three black low.. slowly by slowly there land will be taken by private sector  important thing is that they will stock the food in a cold storage it can stock for more than 30 year n after finishing the stock in the market the company with double up n sales it with higher price so it for us to do something. we should also support the farmers it's not only about the farmers but it's more important to our middle class family n poor family, atleast farmers can survive but what about us.plz think twice we the young educated generation should understand n take part on this..  MSP... minimum supporting price should be guaranteed in written see friends without farmers.(No Farmers no food.....)..all over the world are supporting the farmers farmers are farmers India.England.canadian.usa France n so many countries are supporting the farmers.our farmers spoke to Nato United Nations they understand n agree with the India farmers. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan..... I'm not a farmer's but I support the farmers...I love farmers... long live the farmers...Nag... northeast region may God bless you all....God is great... he will show us the way..
Arrested all democractically elected leaders for one year and annexed Kashmir against International law. No protests are alowed so Indian channels have no right to talk about Afghanistan or Taliban as India is worst example in Kashmir.
Democracy gives you right to voice and protest without obstruction and destruction. 
A government not interested in Arnab who is threat to national security?
It is a good thing.
Up election mein chapal se vote milega bhaand yoga
Dakait congress party terrorist
 No one from the western government or their slave is speaking up at western government abusing.
It is the victory for  khalistani supporters
And the award for best actor goes to - Samjh jawo
Growth rate of population
This maybe the last round of talks by govt
Jai congress 
Please support farmers
Thank you so much sir for this video. You explained it very well..
Are the genuine poor farmers even capable of such largescale dharna? Isnt it pure politics of the middlemen who would now have no role and obviously no margins...
Oh so only 1 protester died and 394 policemen were injured 
Saale jo log corona se pidit hai.. jo log corona me front lines me kaam kar rahe wo kya bewakoof hai... 
Bullsh%*t
Am i the only one finding this funny ??
You can walk  even from Canada  keep it for fake strike Now on in Delhi
What ever bjp said before, non of assurance implemented. Instead of that petroleum products, domestic gas prices  are increased to four folds.
Deaf ears of d Modi Govt.
Unsubscribe their channel and dislike their videos if you are with farmers.
Opposition parties some of them who exploited India in name of development are now agitating the innocent farmers to become violent . Shame on those people . Please get a life or leave politics forever . Shameless opposition. Won't do anything won't let other develop .
Govt wont repeal the law. Get more commie economists to make stats and try what u must. These are good laws and they will not be repealed
Hindu Mobs, anti-Muslim Boycotts: In Modis India, the Echoes of 1930s Germany Are Growing Louder ~ *Haaretz (Israeli News Paper)  -  26 September, 2021 Article.*
Election masterstroke 
thanx a lot sir ..... plz upload of remaining video 2-3-4 of entomology .....
Just turned 18, IDK whom I'll vote for but I do know whom I wont vote for
Thank you sir and team drishti IAS 
Legends still thinks these are farmers
Shame on Govt for taking India backward to British Raj on Agriculture and farmers issue , Shame on Delhi police for not doing it's duty during riots and then framing innocent in them. One must remember world is watching and laughing as all rankings level for India has come down drastically whether it is GDP or employment or  FDI or relations with neighbors or human rights or treatment of women or overall safety of  citizen or  production from factories or new opportunities or organization way of working or heath facilities or society harmony or journalism  level of report is worst than even most background country or statistical data for deaths for COvid or farmers .
This is the real Journalism, when govt is doing something good,  that it is appreciated also .
As we can sense suddenly your channel is turning compromised one trying to appease the wrong side
This is the right way to put the BJP n right movement see the oppesiton trying all the trick in the book to stop the BJP why will a BJP go n hit the farmers to spoil there name when they r in the center so simple its game played by the opposite party even a fool can understand u don't have to b MBA for this good work Congoro
Jai hind . By a responsible Indian Citizen
I really wanted to know what farmer's were protesting about and this video helped a lot. Thanks!!
Formers are with government, those protesting may go to thaliban.
People who r against farmers are all uneducated bhkts.
Totally agree that farmers need our gratitude and support. But this man does not sound like an economist but a politician using emotions to achieve an agenda or maybe just hog the limelight
PM Modi u embarassed ur own ppl, by bending in front of goons. To vote Modi is our compulsion coz there is no other option, but letting ur own ppl down is shame for Modi sarkar.
Why they have closed up the roads which was choossen by them and sayukt kisan morcha
Modiji kaha hai. Indian govt should take strict actions against anyone involved directly and indirectly. Jail all the farji kissans and congressi aapi goons. Also make sure the people from BJP that gets violent are also jailed and sentenced to death. Sab ke sab chor hai saale. Sab ko thoko. Priyanka Gandhi se leke Mamata Banerjee se leke Akhilesh Padav tak, sab ko thoko behenchod
I am the gate; anyone who comes into the fold through me shall be safe. He shall go in and out and shall find pasturage.
Expected from a tribal country. A repeal that will keep people poor forever!! Congratulations India!
thank u so much u helped me to understand my project topic
Three farm laws kishan ke liye deth vorate hai or deth vorate me sanshothan KY se ho sakata  ???????????????????????????nahi ho sakata. .
What a shame to RSS (BJP) Government
Video is not clear.
Please also make UK election tutorial Sir
Educate them, building projects there all these will improve the mindsets of people so that they counter terrorism or at least they don't become terrorists
Just look at the arrogance of Anila Singh Just stupid
Salute to Saheed Jawans and 
Manuvadi BJP cowards have attaked the farmers from behind, at farmers back, now manuvadi Padmaja debate.
History of India
But the same msp must not stop them to earn good profit for their crop
The Guardian is a massive heap of human diarrhoea. With unholy parasites crawling in it.
Due to continuous cultivation of Wheat and Paddy the water guzzlers resulted in decline in fertility of soil some parts becoming saline leading to decrease in yield per acre and increase in use of fertilizer and pesticides and water table going down. Let these farmers talk to Agricultural scientists in Pubjab and ICAR of Delhi. The Jokers like Yogendra Yadav and Darshan Pal are there to mislead backed up by Seetharam yechury and Rahul Gandhi &Co. 
Priyanka must head the congress forefront.. She has all the quality to be the leader of Congress at this point of time where congress is at demise state.
Thank you for the good information
Concerned section of society should be given opportunities to express its point of view before taking the long time affecting legislation.
When Taliban proclaim sharia laws for Afghans, how can they indulge in business of opium ? It is contradiction of  preaching and practicing.
Its no coincidence that the worlds oldest democracy (USA) was attacked not even a month ago, and as we speak, the most populous democracy is under assault.This is related. We ALL should be outraged by Indias internet shutdowns and paramilitary violence against farmer protesters. Militant nationalism is just a potent force in North Korea, China, as it is in India or anyplace else. It can only be stopped if people wake up to the reality that FASCIST DICTATORS arent going anywhere. Not unless:1) we organize and 2) THERE ARE CONSEQUENCES.
I never believe MODI he is a No 1 CREMINAL
Sir, at 1:27 you told about various problems. If you  please explain one by one each problem then we will get a clear idea of that problem  #varshney
Pla dont give misinformation due to your opinion. You have not read the farm laws , first read and than make video.
Smajwadi party / Congress have  killed these people
So basically the Military just throw their weapons away and started running  for safety? Sad and crazy
Its called an A...e hole.
I'm telling ya all bjp will do something in 2023 and everyone will praise bjp again. 
WE CANNOT MAKE INDIA AS "RAMA RAJYA".
Why does ndtv interview an idiot like Yogendra Yadav? Is he a farm leader? An opportunist nothing else!!!
Tikait .... a farmer ..... i wanna start a doctor agitation. 
Government should provide some safety net but not roll back reforms.
So what conclusion we make after this video this is RIGHT/WRONG 
sir please work on your mike because its sound volume is not continue sometime it goes up and some time it goes down so please can you give voice in a fixed volume . thank you
 ,      48  | Farmers Protest Documentary : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2tN68Gkg5w&ab_channel=TheLallantop
Whatever decision Our Most respected PM Modiji takes is in India's interest & thus is acceptable to all the citizens of India.Ling live Modiji.
Wow to Farmers anna data bi BJP ke liye terrorist ho gae hai .. Wo anna ugata hai BJP ke khilaf kuch bola ya protest kiya to uspe sedition case terrorist case lagega... Ye h BJP ka respect farmers ko and bina puche bole 3 laws leke aa jao jo amiro ke liye faidemand hai garib farmers ko gulam banana and uske liye kuch bolo to tum terrorist sedition case wow ye BJP and BJP suporters ka asli chehra...
Farmer quation is currect
These farm laws will harm India and hundred of millions will die of  HUNGER.meanwhile Ambani/Adani will get richer and the WTO/World Bank/IMF will be happy too for once again they done to sit fos what East India Company did!!!
          Salute to Farmers who are struggling for survival of 75% population of the Nation linked with agriculture and  protesting against the atrocities of corporate politicians who are trying to giving control of National food grains in the hands of some corporaters for profit purposes.
Everybody says too much and think that they are doing so much for farmers in front of camera, in real they don't even allow farmers near them. Now all the anti national elements want only one thing, they want modi out and thats the only reason such stupids are backing farmers.
know if it is a good process. cause good process always carry positive energy.
FOR YOUR GREAT COVERAGE.
4.entire India knows that KHALISTANI elements have entered the protest.
Those who didnt watch the whole 8:26 hour video
Don't vote for anyone anymore best solution I don't believe in no government anymore..
To ye five farmers representative hain kya sab farmers..... Jo happy hai side main dance kar rahe hai unse to baat karo
Speak mother tongue if you can't speak English.
Shame on Hitler
More than 800 Sikhs died to make him utter these words. The Master stroke playing Visionary PM of India.
I think agriculture supply chain will be Modernized and farm produce will increase, if the company and farmers do contract farming. 
Kerala? There is no protest here by farmers only political drama nd bandh created by parties
I don't agree with this news
Construction Cost US$ 290 Million..... Maza aya modiiii jeeee lory lag gay
What do you mean by BAWAL , it was a planned murder . stop covering these polical  murderers .
Ndtv is seriously rubbish why he has added q beep sound when the person is trying to say truth...
Tusant bhe tere dam h to tu gov me aa teri charcha ladh se hogi
Farmers make your own army to fight with Amit shah s mafia ..
Stop diverting tax of gujarat and south india to this bimaru state who don't want reforms
many divisions and can be easily easily targetted. Phase 1 is completed 
V nice.. covered all positive n negative views of 3 bill also exam related questions
Ghanta kisaano ka hit.... More than 600 farmers died in protest....tere tuchi harkato ki wajah se...... Ab election a gye to tujhe yaad a gya
ohh chor... khacchar
Salute To Our Great Prime Minister Mr Shri Narendra Modi Ji   & Our Great Chief Minister Mr Shri Yogi Adityanath Maharaj Ji 
Agricultural Produce Market Committee (APMC) is a system operating under the State Government since agricultural marketing is a State subject.
Eagle can't fly above, the money
save india save indian  culture by supporting framer  protesting for msp
                    ,           , ,    aur reliance ke petrol pump bhi band hai ,                                                ,                     
Love from Azad kashmir.india's big problem is Modi.he is uneducated and tea seller he font know ho to do government.ksi educated ko PM bnawo jo india ma toilet bnai, sab community ko equality de,gareebon ki help kry.
Nothing shall ever hurt nor destroy.
Finally 56 inch became calm down to 5.6 inch
The Centre, along with the State govts of PB and HR could have formed a SPV for this, overseeing this transition. Would have benefitted the Farmers tide over the short term issues + help implement the reform + help the environment
What a impression of bypoll results
Cant even block Chinese agression
Modi's big failure, nobody in the government to control Modi. He is acting like a hypocrite.
Modi government is treating Farmer as terrorist
Public property damage costs should be recovered from whom who gives order to dig the Road
Yati narshinagand darm sansad is what hate speech
I support farm laws. Shame on such opposition for insisting fear and violent situation. They haven't read those laws and unnecessarily insisting such activities. I want these laws be implemented ASAP.
What will u do now NDTV how do u feel when u see that this murder is not by BJP what will u do lodhi media
Fuck off haters
It is not Uttaranchal ..... you stupid fool. Do you know what is an "anchal".... RNDTV
Can someone help me get into contact with a Taliban member?
But govt is corrupt
*(b)*- to assemble peaceably and without arms;
It's aTransparent information .. Good
Andhbakths will very dangerous to the Nation. 
Nd later farm bill will take over the farmers jobs .
This is defeat of Corporates n Victory of Farmers ! PROUD OF MY FARMER BROTHERS N SISTERS , I Salute their Valor for their rights
Important question is who will establish private mandi just like congress n simillar partys taken oven gov.  Mandis bjp also give liscen to there close persions, and they will be new thekedar of this new mandis like ambani adani would be new private mandi owner..this is also one question..who will get benifite..
Modi didn't want to lose more votes apparently.
If Tikait succeeds in breaking this monopoly of the Corrupt then he will Truly unite Indian people into a multiracial movement and change Indian politics forever !
Fascism as a philosophy has "NO INDIVIDUAL FREEDOM" but collective consciousness of the "PACK OF WOLF". Lack of "INDIVIDUAL CONSCIOUSNESS" in fascism led to its being irrational illogical totalitarian barbarism. Consciousness of "MOB or CROWD" is always irrational & tend towards immoral or lowest morality consciousness or "COLLECTIVE CONSCIOUSNESS = PREDATORY CONSCIOUSNESS = WOLF CONSCIOSNESS" like that of gang rapist or drug mafia or religious mafia (ISIS, BOKO HARAM, RSS etc.). Universal consciousness once enlightened shall annihilate not only individual consciousness but collective consciousness, hence fascism. Only UNIVERSAL CONSCIOUSNESS is eternal immutable true consciousness.
His facts presentation is selective.Farmers are not getting reasonable price for the other crops too that they sell in open market.
Shaking the world was best joke 
A day without Drishti is like a day without sun 
Ghante K kissan. Jo mudde uthane chahiye vo uthate nhi. Lift irrigation ka mudda uthate to me bhi sath deta.
I no longer support the BJP. They have stepped back from necessary reforms and proven that incessant crying can stop them. They've given an incentive to CAA protestors to come back onto the streets and get that repealed as well. If farmers were such smart people who always knew what is better for themselves, all of the world's agricultural improvements and reforms including India's green revolution would never have happened. And I'm in the agriculture industry by the way.
PLAN OF ARSON AND MURDER VERY WELL EXECUTED BY THE SO CALLED FARMERS PUTTING THE BLAME ON THE CAR CAVALCADE.THIS IS HOW CPIM IN WEST BENGAL COMMITTED ARSON .
Shame on bjp
Modi is very late . Now we cant believe on Mr Modi . Its too late Now you have fear of elections so you repealed these laws. It is sure that Modi is a fraud.
Ryt Kejriwal Sir ,you are right,
People who say it's middleman profit ...it's not once msp law is come up no one can harass farmers
Why r they are co cruel
Soon BJP Govt.will distroy  everything...
Blind bakhtas will never change
That is why everyone is responsible and like the pursuit of perfection, while impossible, is the target we all should be aiming for.  imHo.
Name of Government in purchaser definition is missing . Why....
2. Policies for farming:
It seems the protesting farmers are clueless and don't have the authority to decide. The power to decide lies else where.
Oneof a.worest f.mi.india.people's all ways in danger.. useless government...jai kisan.
Next year there are elections in Uttar Pradesh and there opinion polls are coming down. That is why they repealed the laws. It is only UP elections which bow them down.
We are proud of you Sir Rakesh Tikat
Govt. Should make a rule so that all the corporates cannot buy at MSP acc. To swaminathan commission adjusted to inflation.
   background     
Rubika ji have the gall to ask Modi questions first apart from tonic and then talk about shutting people up.
Maybe Trevor focus on ur shots how rather than this ok
An eyeopener account on farm bills and why we should stand with farmers. Govt is simply acting insensitive to the matter. Preposterous.
Be solved between both parties on BIPOLAR sides in  the mediation and involvement of the  HON Judiciary COMMISSION. this is becoming a laughing stock on the world community.
I know pakistan is funding for fake farmer protest in india , I support farmers not protestors , this is foreign powers attack to show wrong image of India
Every one can't be satisfied in democracy so it is a wrong decision taken by our indian government 
Outstanding reporting
600 deaths and the prime minister is still silent
Delhi police are as good as paid goonda.
PM CANNOT GIVE ANY CONCESSIONS TO THESE THUGS FARMERS AS THE DOLES GIVEN TO THEM ARE THE TAX PAYERS MONEY. WE AS CITIZENS PROTEST THESE FARMERS DEMANDS.  GOVT CANNOT FIX MSP FOR ALL THE AGRI. PRODUCTS.  TODAY WHAT IS REQUIRED IS THE MSP FOR EACH TREATMENTS IN THE HOSPITALS WHERE PATIENTS ARE LOOTED BY THE HOSPITALS AND THE HEALTH INSURANCE COMPANIES.
If we kill them all, who will feed us???
Apology to Farmers.
Arnab is so shameless..
Those who say media and world media and reports try to defame India, just think, kya saare log jhoote hai? Bas ek tum sacche ho??
Je baat... Ye hai real farmer..
Thank you so much for clarifying these important points.
Good and true news
This farmer laws was repealed due to your fear of loosing in election ....Jai jawan Jai kisan ( I support our Indian
These are leaders paid by opposition...moment have become total political
Excellent analysis with true heart. An eye opener. Farmers deserve victory
If Bheed tanta is Real Justice in this Nation...Why Hindus don't saw their Bleeding generations, pain and extreme low life like treatment to the World.
Please let me know why landless farmers protesting? It's the middlemen who will be most affected  by the procurement of produce outside mandis.
Thank you sir ! Wonderful lecture 
Great leader Rahul Gandhi
Welcome heroes of this Era with Shower of Flower Petals...
Republic TV is fast losing its credibility, whatever little it began with. After showing video game footage as pak army assault on Panjshir, you have come with this clown of a journalist who 'claims the attack was not pre-meditated' and 'jeep "deliberately" mowing down people' in the same breath concludes'. Someone send this guy back to school ! He also concludes 'no one can claim to have their hands clean' !! Dude, ask the loved ones of the ones mowed down in such a dastard way !  He didn't though, to his credit, lose sight of a 'khalistani' T-shirt in the midst of such havoc unfolding on his screen, thats some dedicated moron for you  !!
 still they want to go  on  with  their Gandhi march.
Who will bring back the precious lives of 600 farmers who died during the protests.
Now think..the police arrest Aryan Khan immediately..but Ashish Mishra....he is an murder.. there is no arrest ..and police and Sarkar always protect..BJP criminals... I am shame on you Modi sarkar...
 or ap chaplusi kr rhe ho
Please cover latest new on protest.....
Just a question in Chandigarh electricity department is in profit from last many years n this kher guv is privatizing it will affect every one
Now the agriculture and finance of the country is being handed to Zionists to run it. Countless will die buy they ger reacher.
I support kisan andolan but I also support government on caa and nrc
Sir Lock down lagi k
When we have an adamant corrupt govt. Then people have to resort to such grave measures  to defend their rights  My sincere support is always with the farmers.
Adani,Ambani &other corporates had an eye on massive food grain market of India.They had few problems:
 thanks for reading this far. pls like the comment , so that i can come back and revise again.
* today punjab uses highest % of Chemical fertilizers per hectares & highest % of Cancer patients in India.
Sudenly CAG has vanished and no report comes out
You said Hindu rashtra and Nrc Npr politics, now Ghazwa E Hind is inevitable 
Gupta starts licking shoes on the way.. for last 6 months. See his posts before and now :)
Earth shakes when the crores farmer gathers.
MSP should be used by the government itself to ensure that farmers are cultivating what we need and not just grains.
Same on news channel
Must deep faith in democracy. I am very sad  on this accident.
Its all because of upcoming UP elections
What modi is trying to do. Nation want to know
I will send you video Jeep crashes on men
Abrogation of the article 370... 
This is total lie
Don't worry Pakistan 
The tourists from punjab are so patriotic. They are waving tricolour at the Red fort on 26 Jan.                  ..........
Hope you did like the video, please like, share and subscribe, and do press the bell icon. 
We need a robust infrastructure for farmers and include them to make reforms
Harayana government..BJP .. Manohar Lal..will cost you this action dear.. 
Yogendra yadav rakesh dacait and communist gang cannot be trusted 
Nobody is asking them to live there.....that is their choice......this is not a protest for India......it is only for the benefits of the community of those farmers.....not even a protest for all farmers in India.
Ha ek or bat .. ye chenal sch me news channel hi h journalism nhi h ... .
Thanks newslaundary
 But what will happen if Pvt players don't procure if they feel that  msp price is not in line with the demand.
Good. News. Ndtv
I stand with farmers rights. No farmer no food.
Congratulations to all Indians.
26 January      Tractor rally       .    permission   |          ,      SSR     3   ,   ...   ? Modi ji   photo          ....?
The OCI is cancelled   now by GOI for these Foreign-National-Indians and now they require VISA from the respective Indian Embassy before coming to India, after the cancellation of OCI for these foreign-nationality Indians. 
1. Modi Government blocked with barricades on highways, farmers are blocked from reaching "Red Fort" which is assigned place for peaceful protest.
For a small change
Govt will loose the control. The farmers will be labour in their own field
How can it be for benefit ofKisans WHEN all these laws are made for Adani and Ambani????
Today i learned what is called "EMPATHY".
Overall a bad move as india needed these Agriculture reforms and its gonna motivate other Protesters cum Mob rioters who in the name of peaceful protest deteriorates law and order and damage public property
India's public will choose only Modi government in the coming days, a handful of people together cannot cure reality.
People Protesting the world are with the Indian People protestors!!!!  You must protect your farms , keep your livlihood and feed the people ...And you all should read Vandana Shiva's book "Oneness VS the 1%"
What is fear when deregulation happens more from to farmers.
Im sending you virtual hugs to anybody that needs it! Stay safe everyone and stay positive!
Apka teaching style osm  buhut videos dekhe  but ye bill samajh nhi aaya but ab apne sab clear kar diya thanks a lot sir
UP election
Sikhs should start quitting army then see how modi reacts when India becomes weak!!
Modi needs to be voted out! He is the worse PM our country has never seen. Just a talker no value in his words.
Nine thousand crore dargs case debate
Please save Afganistan people 
Farmers Degrading Indian flag??? Nah these are traitors
This is politics is a dirty game don't know what happened there so I can't say who is right and wrong I only saw video.why did these leaders killed these people from car..we don't know reason ,may be threatened so they took this step,I don't know  but one thing fo sure  these politics is a very dirty game..both congress and BJP  are not good how can they take people's life..
Government 100% Wrong hh ..!!!
Exit Trump Modi loses tyranny he held on farmers. That's the extent Delhi is sold to washington. But look at loser. When Modi loses he does a uturn saying he has not played game at all!Revolutions won by peasants against tax , social inequality and privatization for liberaton:
If Ajay Mishra would a congress person then bjp may make fire all the up to make resign Ajay Mishra
#DemocraZy  
2. Modi shuffles court judges very quickly so that they don't even register PILs of protests in chandigarh.
Bro no one take seriously this kind of protest in India
Simple, there is Non- Hindus majority people like Sikhs there.
One bill was coming for farmer now it will not come because of this andolon
Can someone please Translate their Protest issue and their words in English? Thank you.
Withdrawal of farm laws is a political move ahead of UP and Punjab elections, to puncture the victimhood farmers poltics of opposition and more so when most farmers who would have benefited are not supporting openly. They are the actual losers, not Modi.
Because The Taliban Are Working With China
Best anchor ever 
1) Companies can lure the farmers for contract farming resulting in excessive use of pesticides and promoting mono-cropping which is bad for the ecosystem (as well as fertility of soil)
Common public have sold flats in 2020-2021 only rich purchased
Every one should standup for India!
Only Yogi Baba
"delhi chalo" March shouldn't stop
     jhony sins   
Ye ag congresh ne lagi thi ab khatam inke ghar me hongi
Don't vote bjp if any wants to save our country
Very worst party bjp
This is ur first video that i hv seen, n honestly had absolutely no clue about these acts... thabks for explaining them in the best possible way 
Thank you sir for explaining in so simple way, I don't understand why officials can't sees these cons while everyone else can
Massive Win for Indian Democracy today
Shame Shame Zee for not respecting farmers
GODI media plz be Silence just keep on watching don't telecast it on ur channel or else your channel will be crushed as like farmers so be quite..
Yeh wala thoda boring tha
Ravish Kumar best anchor in India
The government made these rules to help  and support the rich traders and not the farmers. The problems that the farmers are facing wont be limited to the farmers alone, they will next show up in the general society as well. The current government has succeeded in placing the future of the next generation of children of this country into deep slavery by promoting endless privatization, transferring wealth to the riches, performing changes in rules that were protecting the democracy so far. 
These all violence makers have sheild of Indian constitution  .
yez bill we are sport ......all hindu from bihar udiaha
Without the Nature there are not live to anyone, please realize yourself in your mind!
So proud of being punjabi
3.Dream of Khalistan supporters and separatist went into drain as they can't use this issue to gain support anymore 
Farmer is the Mother of India
BJP using Taliban style of force to silent people.
It's 3
2019-20 akele wheat aur paddy ki khareed 215000 crore Rs pada hai.... Aap 1000 crore kis hisaab se keh rahe hain sir?
RSS at its best
No wrong statement by SDM..SDM'S statement is better than Tikait
Decoit
3.campaign for nti BJP for a law which is there in punjab frm 2013 and was demand of father of dacait.
WSO acronym to remember for mains
Read it as my fellow...
Communist Party of India BJP at its finest  trying to ruin India
138 Crore, people of Indians are eating daily food because of farmer day& night effort and hardship. Should the PM and CM's sensible to that? No concerns by Government so far
11. Hitler had come up with a slogan to come to power--- *Good Times will ComeAcche din aayenge!*
These goonda who are disguised as farmers should be arrested and justice should be done! These are Khalistanis !
We will get dry fruit from iran
He is a big Guppi. Nobody believes him in Punjab.
Ticket chor and tickait chor me Sirf spelling ka fark hai.
The same as in Europe ... NO FARMERS = NO FOOD
India has once again lost and it'd keep on losing until either we are totally crushed by other external forces or totally divided, if latter is the case then every thing that had happened to the  Indian people for last Thousand Years would continue
MSP was always their main demand along with the repeal of laws. I wonder if the global supply chain prob played a part in Modi's withdrawal decision.
May Allah destroy his face and 
Politics
Paid , mercenary local and foreign NGOs are behind all this. They have done such traitor instigation for CAA and Art 370. 
The medical  system is about to collapse 
Surprisingly, the headlines is about the traffic issues of one day for commuters, what about the lost lives and deaths of farmers sitting for 10 months and protesting!
Shame on you .. please change the name of your channel
No farmers no food no future jai Jawan Jai kisan
Strict action is required against the criminal
Support frm Malaysia
Doctors
Khalistan Khalistan and Khalistan alone is the only solution to protect Sikhism and Churhda Punjab.
Thank you for this video, I wonder why there are not more views on this. Currently all the major oppositions to the Farmers bill are saying to legalize MSP and increase it. So entire social media is also saying the same thing without researching about pros and cons! I needed to know both sides of the government on why they aren't increasing MSP and Farmers why they want to increase MSP!
Money given to sikh person who taken responsible for this 
      -    (         ). 1).                     (/)                        ( How Commission can be given other than Ardthiyas).2020-21        (  )            ( by engaging PACS only)
Welcome to open and Legalised Terrorism by Government 
Who had been fed  by western NGO's to combat the total loss of harvest in the last 2 or more years.
I feel these laws will be back. This looks to be a tactical withdrawal. I support the farm laws and was disappointed when they were withdrawn. However I'm very very heartened that Modi took back the laws even at the cost of his reputation. That tells me that he's not drinking his own ego. You need to really be concerned about a leader who is inflexible because of his image and ego. That to me further strengthens my belief in BJP and Modi.
They fear public opinion s...
If the farmers don't want the new bills, why give them? lol. Corrupt shady Indian government.
Ground mein baitho
What an irony , famer dont pay taxes, they want subsidy and loan waiver from plublic tax money. Became bad element of soceity and act like hooligans blocked highway, and protest irrationally if demand arent meant without thinking of common man.
I am not interested in modi
4:06 godi media shows its true face. Even if Ajay mishra did not "send" anyone to crush farmers, the fact is either his son ashish mishra, or the son's friend ankit das have killed the farmers. If Ajay mishra sent these ppl to kill farmers, it will be more serious for him. Remember Ajay Mishra openly threatened farmers few days before this incident.
Sir offline batch valo ko ab live do classes please   
Which party is better for India? One run by a single person or one run by single family? think before you reply!
To some extent the procurement policy of FCI is responsible for lower prices of grains in open market...if they could ensure smooth procurement and timely payment of dues to the farmers, the market price could have remained marginally above the MSP. FCI could then sell the excess grain in open market after booking some profit. Besides this, more categories of MSP for a grain is needed in consonance with the variety of the produce. FCI may also think of value addition and may itself become a supplier to the corporate. FCI solely for the purpose of PDS is a very bad idea.
Lol, this is still going. I thought it was over.
Now where is Rahul ,sonia,leftists,congress,akhilesh,mayawati, kejriwal.dalit vote mangne wale ye sab party kahan gaye jab nihang sikhon ne ek dalit ko haat per katke maar diya ulta latka ke just because he touches the holy book
Down with media lies
All big fraud are befooling the poor farmers. They are paid workers of Ardthiyas and will be properly handl by these poor farmers in coming days.SKM is not taking real issue of farmers. Such as - Maximum Large farmers (> 10 ha) and Medium Farmers(More than 2 Ha) are in Rajasthan. (43% large farmer and 28% medium farmer of the country). These farmers live in W. Rajasthan and their income is < than 2 acre of irrigated areas. They never get benefit of Loan Waiver(criteria is < 5 Kila or Acre or 2 ha) and EBC reservation. How Adani and Amabni will harm these farmers as they dont have production.  KCC limit, interest subvention, crop insurance, farmers definition, power connection, unemployment in rural youth, stray animals, etc so many issues are there. Tikait is saying KCC is bad. You know his ignorance and foolishness.
But how did they die? 8 people are dead but no one is telling how? Were the drivers or the minister's son driving under influence?
It's not change of heart ..but the political interest  has driven the chameleon    to  change it's colors ..
Its shame political has lunatic like papu
Did you know that 
*They are blood suckers of the farmers and hv always claimed that the Covid is part of govt propoganda. If they refuse to take vaccine, let it be. They are responsible for Covid in villages. They should bear what they sow (making miserable the lives of Delhiites).*
harshita pathak =forward caste =BJP
beating old people ...bravo india
We want "Minimam Selling Price law".
Who came here to watch it after farms bills got repealed
Sir I m very very thankful to you by getting your videos continually 3 days instead of per week ....Any type of paid or other history course cannot chase bookstawa......way of teaching is amazing sir
*Police should stand down. They are caught in the politician puppetry Let the PUBLIC face the Farmer protesters, leaders & politicians who are protesting, disrupting traffic, creating ruckus... violence etc. Let Public face the violence, only then will the public take action against these fools and support the police*
Republic... Power hungers conglomerate!   Coulered  news!
the farmers bill (2020) is like getting proteins from supplements (sold at a premium price by corporates ) because real food is not available or it is available but "knowledge" about real protein rich food is lacking ... and the companies take full advantage of this lack of knowledge ...make the profits ....ultimately replace farmers with machines ....
bullshit reporter  how you still againstt farmer
Sir social economic criteria ke no . Diye ja rhe hai haryana hssc bharti m ...or sc bc reservation bhi diya ja rha h ..esko band karwa dijiye sir
Police are pet dogs of BJP 
What happen if he become  pm of india
NDTV is the voice of the needful citizens
This govt. has inferiority complex. This has been evident since the very beginning. Also visible in  "sabka sath sabka vikas" slogan.
Dikhaa diaa dum or inshallah with all the pet's govt gonna rupt.
Like most Punjabi Hindus from a pind, my family does farming and we vote BJP more so than Congress lately (grandfather time period and beyond used to be strong Congress supporters. No other choice.). My family is active at local level in Panchayat and also at the protests. Political affiliation does not come before your livelihood and the wellbeing of your people. The idea that only Sikhs are going to the protests is all media propaganda. Sikh is 57% of Punjab; rest is Hindu. Haryana is also mostly Hindu and 5% Sikh. The protests are overwhelmingly Hindu, but media will only show Sikhs wearing dastar to make rest of India buy into this "otherism." This is not a religious issue; its a livelihood issue. Only people who are farmers and come from these families understand how it is going to impact us now and in the future, whether they are Hindu, Sikh, Muslim, etc Punjabi's or Haryanvi's. People in the city won't understand and they have proved it.
What rubbish is this ? What rubbish questions?? As if in the last 70 yrs these women were treated like talibans and now they are free  stupid propaganda of yogi and modi this video is
---Annexed Moreh from Myanmar in 2013;
S.Bhagat Singh ji please come back india  needs u...please plz god send him back listen our prayers
Because pm modi hold one press conference only in their first five year rule
This is stupid  no such Government inthe world  tolerate this economising deficit government is sleeping
Shame on government
During the last 18 months' farm agitation, the Govt is able to identify/pinpoint the whereabouts of the perpetrators ( residing outside India with foreign citizenship along with OVERSEAS CITIZENSHIP OF INDIA-OIC) their pattern of funding the 18 month old long agitation and their Indian benamus/ accomplices, etc., by the NIA.
Never come another day, 
Yours, in true Spirit and in our one given prayer, 2gointruth, on Saturday the 20th of November 2021:  (Matthew 5: 14-16)  Where every minute (of both day and night) can be a new beginning for any one of us. Let it always be you. Pray to God often, as prescribed above, before it is too late.
Give a phone no to connct,iam ready to throw my job and  join these people
Such a shamefull day for democracy
Thts land of ranjit singh..
Modi and his BJP militia persecuting Indian farmers. There is no human rights and democracy in India ever since modi started.
If someone harms our Guru Granth Sahib Ji........we will not be shut will ok
At the minimum government MUST suspend Sinha the barbaric  ISP.
Godi media news channels are disgrace for country.
Everyone please report this video
Has bjp told truth any time? It took birth on lies? It strives on lies?
Agr punjab ke trj pr tum rate bdathe to ab to alan kr deta..... Tumhare mn m chor h... Eshi lya bhaka rhe ho.....
If Congress was in power in last five year .. they have improve farmer condition ....
Free Kashmir and Khalistan
Just waste of energy no one gonna change the law for Punjabi middlemens
 News      TASK       
Media houses like you are part of tukde gang, desh drohis ! Shame
Sorry,MSP must not abolished by any amendment , such provision written in APMC act.
Farmers Protest | Aerial View | Harp Farmer Pictures 
this being rNDTV, I see only jrehadis and rice bags commenting
Im totally confused on this.. Are the Farmers pissed because they want Milk prices higher??  What am I missing here??
India also speaks about issues in China, France
Farmer's will think soon about central decision s
If only all of them at Singhu could assure their fellow small farmers that they will stand with them if they are exploited by the private sector using these laws. 
Police and Army are  political pawns. Punjab should remember
Owaisi is a legend politician
west punjab with east punjab we are with farmars always
This is another alike NOTE BAN
No matter is it in my syllabus or not i just click the vid when i get notified 
Lallantop is subsidiary company of aajtak...so no doubt news will be fabricated and see how smartly anchor saying that as per aaj tk reporter post mortem report says that bodies of bjp activists who died in Lakhimpur kheri had signs of injury that proves that they were beaten up by sticks nd rods.....now who is playing with mind of public here....she simply wanted to insert a thought into minds of whosover watching this news that bjp activists were beaten up and killed by farmers.
What about farmers not getting a good price, they wanted legal guarantee of MSP, that's the crux, isn't it? Why can't they do it? You should have opined on the way out, can't get regional attitude out,can you?
This anchor was too cunning. A leader of Tikaits stature cannot be fooled by them.
Thanks 
I think they are terrarist, pakistan Khalistan
BBC's statement that the 3 Farm laws were detrimental to small farmers is a complete #LIE. In fact, it is the reverse. These 3 farm laws were for #improving the income by #small #farmers by allowing them to sell as a cooperative outside the regulated farmer market (called APMC Mandi in India). However, this would have made the large farmers and the middlemen in regulated farmer's markers lose their political clout and the latter were the ones protesting on streets especially in Punjab and Western UP states of India.
Sanjay singh u carry on
Dear omniscient sir, when u supported the bill ,u could have foretold the same then .
to understand the ongoing situations.
3. Similar with dalilt. 
thanks for such a clear concept
They thin that RSS is good for India
Where is the PUBLIC OUTCRY from the ISLAMIC COMMUNITY?  I have a really hard time believing that Islam is peaceful when I see THOUSANDS of people running to escape Islamic Rule
Remember the words of Rakesh tikait for media after sting operation. It is planned incident. You will see more of it in coming days bcz there is election in up.
Mr shekhar Gupta if these open markets system will do so good why is that it has failed in bihar for 14 years now and why this system failed in Europe and america so rich and sophisticated countries answer this
Farmers leaders have to call for a final meeting with government representative or even with Modi.
Well explained
Other races call Pushtuns the Kabol guys and Khabol for others is Pushtuns from kabul. Try asking the old.
Indian farmers total population is more than total number of Sikhs in India, yet you will see 80% Sikhs in these so called protests. This aint fight for your right but a desperate attempt by the rich middlemen disguised as farmers to sabotage the governments good work.
Watch this video carefully! Try to understand what the BJP wanted to do but failed to do so! Share this to everyone. Make people aware of this. YouTube link:  @
Because of his andolan common man is getting affected from last one year , Every day there is jam towards rewari gurgaon highway .
I'm from South Indian State there are some minor problem in Farmer Laws but people are protesting before it took action (Its like I hate taste of Pizza and Till now I never ate Pizza in my life) only 3 states are causing problem.Protest is funded by Anti-Nationalists.
2. The doctrine of shock and awe does not work against a community that has learnt to live with the disastrous consequences(cancer, rapidly increase in farm debt, farmer suicides, total ecological destruction, to name a few) of the GOVERNMENT OF INDIA sponsored GREEN REVOLUTION of the 1970-80's. One such consequence of the sugar-coated Green Revolution policy of GoI is the loss of trust in GOI policies on agriculture. 
18:05 - Couple of points. 1) If contract done for 2000, company can't arbitrarily reduce price afterwards and have to honor it as per the rule. 2) If company offers contract price of 500 (down from 2000) for next contract, why the presenter says that the farmer doesn't have a choice? The farmer is still free to contract with someone else offering higher price OR he/she may choose to cultivate whatever and sell it in APMC at MSP price - as that structure is still present.
Street dogs are  moving from Punjab to new Delhi
Sponsered riot by bjp goons
AAP lost many elections in the past only and only because of EVMs frauds.
Idle mind is devil's workshop.
We support Modiji, we support BJP only who can take India to a new HORIZON
Agriculture Is the only sector which is not allowed economy of scale (restriction on size of land that a farming family can hold)
I think farmer law is for betterment of the nation
Whereas a farmer who is not allowed economy of scale by law is supposed to produce food at internationally competitive price.
No difference between them and sharpshooter who takes order from his gang leader. All they want is  money
May be he didn' t get the question right 
he showed up to make another grand announcement.
Totally scriped
Annahazare...one man protested media's gave most imparts now formers protest but indian media's sleeping too
Up election h bhai
They deserve to be crushed and squeezed
Rakesh Tikait Sir, absolutely right, Godi Media wants to create problems between communities.
1. innumerable covid deaths
If any thing adverse happens. Only few people will dare to buy properties in NCR.
Why The leader's of farmer's are quiet ?? Where are all the political leaders of congress and bhim army
MSP/subsidy is the ONLY support that we can give to our farmers. It should be written in the law. It can be kept to the bare minimal level, and linked to an objective criterion of quality tests.
A small contribution for my elder brothers and sisters.
Madchod congress party
TALIBAN OF AFGHANISTAN: The most skilled force of the modern world, India use an honest diplomatic relationship with the Taliban. India has homegrown terrorists who are looting their own people due to a lack of law and order in India.It India
You earned a new subscriber.
Only Farmers save all indian
BJP forces, not govt force
Why farmers r protesting?? This bill will benefit them..
They finally made it.....
Sir please complete the budget sessions
we want SAMDHISH SIR back !!we want SAMDHISH SIR back !!
AIM always speaks his mind black and white. He has a sharp intellect and a good geo-political analyst. Modi is a politician and he knows to stay in power, you need to get your electoral calculations right. There is a time for everything in politics. AIM cannot win elections. Modi does. Period.
Omg this bjp literally destroying our country!
Sir ,please participate in lok sabha election....we need people like you at the centre. People who are educated, honest and who knows what's good for the country.
standing with humanity
Godi Media at its best
Those fuckers who never do faming is now writing in the comments about farming. And that shit modi saying that only handful farmers protest. I challenge him to prove that its handful of them.
I know their will be so many people who can give me hate bcoz of this..but uk if this one comment can at least change the pov ofem then it is the best blessing I can ever get
Sad to see the withdrawal of these 3 laws...it would have benefitted the small scale  Farmers .. unfortunately now  small scale farmers will suffer
Lallan tap aaj tak collaboration from 00:10 to 01:02
No farmers no food 
Unfortunately, if the farm laws, that were beneficial to the real farmers, were not brought in, propagandists and critics would have attacked the govt if their vested interests were not satisfied. Unfirtunately the fourth pillar of democracy is resorting to propaganda newsfare to benefit others but not the country.
This topic is good to divert us from rape and murder of 50 yr old woman in a temple in UP
Thqu so much sir very NYC information
not aarop video is everywhere andhi dekh le aur bheri sun bhi le
Victory of good over evil..
Learn from the chinese how to handle this kind of humans.
Northeast India support you farmars
If you give close attention to the words used, it says it all - *"I made these laws for the farmers and I am taking it back for the nation"*. 
News    ,       
He too hailed the government.
*Hindu Ideology should be "Treat people the way they treat us" --- SHATHE SHATHYAM SAMACHARET*
May be you can bring one more episode addressing these issues.
Everybody wants green revolution but when it comes to taking initial risk, most of them just back up.
Augur well for farmers 
Definition of Teacher : Priya Mam
Excellent governance web need cm like Kenjrewal in all over India
Small farmers would again have to go to these Dalals and sell vegetables where
chor h
Very beautifully explained !!  This sort of kniwledge is needed only then India can grow . Else Congis will keep fooling everyone by saying I Stand with farmer this that crap narrative !!
A lot of maybe about women
Isne bande ne apni duty ki hai just jo aam public ko ya hmari indian force ko nuksaan phuchayega usse lath nhi goli marni chahiye ye sab jaat aarkshan wale log hai sath me opposition parties otherwise farmer apne gher me hai anyway bs atlast evm khrab mat btana dosto
Need to implement Swaminathan committee report. No new bills needed by farmers.
BJP won the GTA Vice City.
Its bjp news
Say the fucking truth, even if you dont the nation already knows, that you work for the government not for thr people
Sir government n Jo (Di ammonia phosphate -DAP) m 140% subsidy ki baat ki thi uska ky????
Kindly ask yourself to talk with the proper economist economist which can relate the thing properly, economist which know about mixed economy. Neither it is said by the government that APMC Mandi will not close nor it is said that MSP would not be there.
Modi has a great great speaking skill.
Shame on Indian Government
Chor hai
Why are they being beaten up ? To exercise their democratic rights ?
Senseless mob!! Read the documents before protesting against a government. The government and you had discussed more than 10 times and the government is assured to msp, besides the law is suspended for 18 months and kindly let me know why are you protesting again? what's the intention?. Infamous thinking, everything is gonna be infamous and assaulting public property and affecting common people's day to day life are really atrocious.
Explanation about articles of the Constitution of India -
Such political leaders must be shown the door of exit
4. Moreover, the COVID-19 crisis rather than being a shock for the Farming Community, made it evident  that as compared to the salaried class the farmers where in a much better position. While those working in the cities faced lay-offs, lockdowns and subsequent financial  uncertaininty leading to long walks by labourers from Dehli to Bihar the farming community had to face none of those. 
This bill is totally correct protesting farmers are dichads. This is the result of uneducated citizens of India 
'Tractor Rally' 
Newspaper: The Indian Express only!
How  violence  is there  
Its so difficult to bring reforms in this country
Kiska kiska Instagram , whatsApp, facebook nhi chal raha tb YouTube pr aaya hai comment here
Ans...A .... State governments
If you agree with sold media then  unsubscribe zee news.
Amazing animation and content! This channel deserves more likes and subscribers.
Then, the fears of farmers are right, aren't they?
21 million tonnes of Indian wheat wasted every year! Thank you government.
Shut up soldout media always  say modi modi
These 3 Black Bills were never demanded.   Rest all is "Jumla Baazi", for which Modu is Famous.
And the main problem is not the act or law; the problem is that the judiciary of India is so poor that you would have Indian law saying for instance "making obscene videos is a crime or encouraging a movie porn maker is a crime in itself." But, these people are celebrated on news channel every moment & are not penalised as per the law. 
You time gone Moti....you killed democracy.
They are protesting because the middle men are not getting to keep the money as the whole payment is going directly to the farmers.
Tikiya is the most dhadabaz and thief he has done for loss poor krishan big dalal tikiya
i like the content but he used the word simply too much so lost interest
Incredible india
How can the government give guarantee for MSP because it comes out of tax payers fund.
Sir, Recently The TRP scam is in news... Sir please explain the terms used in TRP and how it is calculated? who calculates it? Please make a video regarding this because on whole youtube there is no such video explaining whole thing.
Vice News, 6 million subscribers and only 77K views.  Something is not right here.
Here Government want to make a law for Farmer which was rejected by the farmer.
6. Hitler had crushed all Labour movements
No money for Army
There are some people in the comments dont understand who are farmers 
BJP Is full of arrogance, Yogi is a failure , Yogi should resign, Modi should resign
Somebody good is leading ,have belief in them.they won't betray like earlier ones
very nice sir but it would have been a better analysis if you would have also given the benefits that the government will provide by introducing these bills, as their intention behind it might be moving towards a capitalist economy and reducing govt. involvement in major segments. However, what you provided was an analysis from the farmers' point of view which was crystal clear.
well done...pehle caa and ab farm laws...
Well explained brother 
At least Indira Gandhi decleared it an official emergency.BJP is not doing that also at least in up.
Sikhs don't trust BJP I don't see them changing mind just because this law is repealed
Cartoon desh ke cartoon log
Supreme court cant dictate to protestants, they are on public place. In actuality police first halted them, so became line of control. This ndtv is not much different from others, it tries to establish courts and media which are not directly influenced by people.
*GOI has requested these Fake Farmers-Arthiyas* to come up with proposals; they have not come up any but want to repeal the laws.*
Tnx for explaining sir
Biased news channel
To think that this protest represents the will of the poor farmers is absolutely immoral
Now farmers can sell their produce and where but these people want their old derogatory system. What is wrong with them, let capitalism take hold. Free the market!
Slow mo Biden needs to be impeached.
Well at least this one took longer
So he is only like to lick his master's shoe.
Kick.out.b.j.p.in.all.india.
When more than 700 farmers died no government reb visited to them. So it's purely for election jumla's. Nothing by heart. Everyone knows our PM good actor ,how to lie, making jumla's. Generally nobody can believe him.
Same on haryana Government
Andher nagri choupat raja.
Great way of teaching mam..
Thanks NDTV 
Bhaiya, please make one video on how to give the vote to the right party during election!
Nobody is looking main issue everyone is trying to turn it into politics. ..no body is interested in asking farmers their reason of crying  ..
Our godi media is busy in beautifying fekuji speech
Whoever is opposing the farmers ,I think they are totally illiterate and unEducated and Idiot.
BJPvery well played
Kisaan vomit suicide every year why no help is given .
Our beloved PM Modi has seen the Great side of this Bill .
Half Knowledge........ Explain better
Sujata madam can you please stop nonsense on tv .
The Taliban their record exposed when they were in power from 1991-96. Therefore the West let them consolidate but impose sanctions by blocking all food oil and other imports to the country Meanwhile let the India Pakistan and the neighboring countries be informed that Taliban who are extremist Sunny Muslims will kill mercilessly the Hindus Buddhists and the other Muslim sects like shia and oppose them in all fronts and isolate them financially.
Hmmm.. This is what happens when you don't read the chapters of revolution in you class .... Then again did they even go to class  ... When people rise empires crumble ...
British never called it, political tourism
*No one begrudges anyone, including farmers, to become rich and wear BOSS or Calvin Klein on marching protests. But these Rich Goons are **_Bullies_** who have held the govt at ransom and are actively suppressing the Poor Farmer in Bihar, UP, Odisha etc (who barely has a torn **_baniyaan or gunjee_** to wear) and who mostly ends as wage laborer for these Rich Goons in Punjab etc*
Country respects them for their hard work and we all stood by them but they need to be more rational. Thank you.
Good kdrama played by bjp and Modi
It's very good
Zee news or kitna girna chahte ho?
What is he supposed to do with the farmers protest?
This is NOT farmers' protest.
If
Now that First phase has failed Gandhi Parivar, Congis and Opposition are getting into Phase 2. More bodies and blood.
Salute to your efforts and explanation 
A important similarity between islam and Sikhism.
Democracy is no more in India
Next     
Shame on Sikh
If Harayana Police had cleared blocade on time, Rakesh Takait would have been just another thug on street. Its the prolonged blocade has made him, what ever he is today. 
Lies lies lies...nothing to see here
BJP Propaganda : "Kangana's Office, SSR death, and Hindu Khatre may hay (During Election)"
First no one has the right to abuse anyones holy books or religious values..if someone did this thn strict action is neccessarily taken by government not by the common men..
5) Mabe this raid on the Red Fort was supposed to be a trial run to attack the Parliament building on Budget Day?
Sadly youre covering up the real story
india for hindus only...
YOGENDRA YADAV KI B JANCH KARNI CHAIYE SARKAR KO .  YE BHAUT FADFADA RAHA HAI
Thanks for the explanation. Great video 
Really very superbbbbbb
I mean everyone credits the sikh farmers for repealing these laws but let's not forget the Jats who were equally vocal against these laws and jats were the main vote bank for the BJP. This is just vote bank politics by the BJP
the reporter is to stupid  he was not listening sardar  person who wanted to talk . so much discriminated reporter   he is  worst example of this andolen . trying to make differences
Politics party. But they can do nothing  because Narendra Modi being him self.
tickets are both Imandar hai jo bhi Kuchh bolate Hain Sach bol Te Kyunki Unki Jab garm ki hui hai isliye size bolate Hain Jhooth bolate Nahin Kisi Baat Ko
Common man is with farmers. BJP is letting lakhs die on roads in such cold weather as this is cruilty. Has BJP become east india company???
New history is created by Farmers!!
99.9 percent of farmers in india sell their crops  locall marcket this bill will make farmers slaves to corporate company like adani & ambani
Actually they are finished... They dont care about farmers but they think they can seek some votes...
Sikhs are only 2% of the population and everyone is mad because they cannot oppress them.
They all are telling lies against farmers, chi chi bjp government
Sorry but you don't have a map of india
*India, Denmark elevate ties to green strategic partnership, PM Modi calls for resilient supply chains*
Incapable and opportunists PM. He pulled  50 years back India. Shame . May god save us our country
All for sake of getting votes in U.P election now.. purposely rising the fuel prices and taking back farm laws etc.  Were they sleeping all these days when farmers struggled sleeping on road
Why the interview was cut suddenly
Why he is not commenting on his shishya Arvind kejriwal.. So partial..
Unless there is an hidden agenda.
You are doing great job sir 
Thanks sir 
let farmers sell their produces in best mandis as above.........
Good wishes.
U r not telling about the rules that have already broken by tha central government, farmers are doing correctly - otherwise all the indians should buy food by giving gold....
Twitter per sare video hai logo ke photos ke sath pakdo madarchodo ko
Don't call them warriors , they are bullies can't protect Sikhs in afganistan and Pakistan they are just showoffs.
Sir U r very logical
5. Varanasi laser show( gst to wizkraft)
Farmer Bills are beneficial for poor farmers. Only "mafia kind of farmers" are at loss so they are jittery.
A new way to trap farmers- committee in place of farm bills. Actually no repealing of law will take place, its just a ploy to divert attention from rising costs of petrol.diesel ,gas,edible oil ......
Congress is creating another bhinderwala situation. They have not learnt from history. Modi virodh is turning into shaking hand with bharat haters.
I don't know what's wrong or what's right, but one thing I'm sure of is Modi ji is the new Hitler, and this government can do whatever it likes without even letting people realize it.
Hearsay is not news. Please  verify
Very unfortunate, I am very sad to see that central government repealed those revolutionary laws
Pls mam... continue your this initiative...make more videos to cover syllabus upsc main GS paper 3 ...I knew... there is lot of channels available in this regard...but the pedagogy is quite good which is enriched with very good content
Afganistan is my ancient slavic aryan brother because Slovenia, Macedonia are brothers all to India<3 
I believe no one will come unprepared if they want to really mow down. Have some sense ppl and let the truth come out
It is not good for the nation where farmers are on the roads
Why do you have a grofers add before this report....fight corporate
Script is so,nice. Thanks Vinod sir and drishti IAS.
Simple ho tum
So much love and humanity and life so beautiful.....these great farmers so much humanity.....May God bless them and their humanity their relationship with their land....and may politics and politicians learn from this beauty and depth of.spirit.
Godi media...learn a lesson...how to earn respect like Ajit Anjum, NDTV, Navin kumar reporting..
No jobs, no equality, no strict laws against rape in India. There will be soon no food for poor people in India if we dont support kisan today.
Modi told criminals will be kept away from politics but nothing is happening
Stop the country from becoming Ambanisatan Adanisatan Patanjalisantan!  Support the farmers!  
Y ndtv acts as petrol on burning fire... All d rights to talk against govt... But still they have vulture behavior
Jass Bajwa kithe aa
One more Election stunt once UP election,, if BJP/RSS elected than farms law n other laws will comes so therefore dont trapped in BJP/RSS once again wake up my dear citizens
The unity in diversity 
Greatest blunder commited by Modi jee by repealing three "Kisan Kanoon".
Great NDTV
If you are a real "legend", then you must know what I wan't to say. 
Who support the BJP they also hate BJP and let down on aurth one day...
Now Mr Modi and MOF busy with  property monetization pipeline to drain the indian economy. What a laughing stock by PMO AND MOF, a award winning terminology by BJP to fool the public.
I can't claim to understand these laws (and I usually trust Gupta Ji to declutter such stuff), I am more inclined than ever to invest in Modi, because he actually was bold enough to want reform and the opposition INC and AAP actually hindered progress, just because. If they were all really interested in the welfare of the farmers and the country, they would have aided passing these reforms. Really sad state of the country, when a mob holds progress hostage.
Saare aadhti bethe hein, us farmers supports the bill.
farmers go home make india great again
4.75 cr subscriber aur only 40-50k view
The news presentation is vague
If they had taken a right step at the time of partition, they would have never suffered this much.
Shame on the Indian Government the Police and Godi media
WHY MODI GOVT IS RELUCTANT HESITANT AND UNWILLING TO CONFRONT THESE FARMERS UNION LEADERS ARE THEY WAITING FOR DELHI RIOTS PART 2
Bjp hatato desh bachao
13. On April 2021, Indian central government said that they will pay the purchased price of rice and wheat by food coorporation of
Majority of Punjabi farmers own below subsistence level farmland. Financial hardship has forced them to sell their land and send children to Canada and other countries for better future. 
Where are the women?  My Grandparents were farmers, big home, and 9 screaming children.  She worked very hard.  Food and clothes all made by Grandmothers hand.  Grandpa and the screaming children always on the farm when not in school nor at studies.  Grandma passed at 95 and Grandpa 97.  I miss them.  Sad for me.  I love farmers and there is a special place in my heart for them.
There is no need to privatizing all when all the administration work properly
How neatly and clearly he has explained the whole ACT and it's associated facts...
Thankyou sir. 
India collapse like anything... World should do urgent things
these people call themselves reporters..gov another arm
 agor CHUNAOU nahi lore toh bjp nischit haregi. If n but dekho bihar me kya hua tha. Ah toh sonom tum ko leke dubenge chouro        jobon   k hoq.
Chapal chor..
Disliked morons boycott food now.. support farmers.. They are fighting for us. Common people will understand ONLY when they START pay Rs.100/kg for tomatoes, onion and potatoes
It was knowledgeable and insightful
these ordinance in favour of farmers not middle man....
Enter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life and only a few find it.  (Matthew 7: 12-14) 
It is well organized crime to bring current government down.
4. Ambanis modi says he gone remove middle man from farmers purchase but what actually he is doing is he is involveing middle man in this by law . Artias are not middle man they are service providers. So make it clear farmers want service providers not middle man . 
Desh ke ache din to aaye nahi....BJP ke bure din jald aane wale hain...I am with farmers 
They have disconnected internet Delhi internet was not working on that day  it was just a conspiracy  to destroy the image of kisaan
No farmers no foodd
thanks bbc for showing this
It was great saved a lot of time in adhyan. Its sad that you had to clarify your political stand every time.
Same way Modi will say SORRY again on 370.. Loot India Gujju model want Kashmir not Kashmiris..
For a government devoid of guilt and shame, there is no expiation for wrongdoings. To expect anyone of their minister's to resign means to expect their house to fall.
Keep it up Nitish Sir
Farm Bills simply explained
Hindu and Sikh families safe in Afghanistan.
Very true Mr Chaudhari, media does not show true pics of events. Take for instances of genocidal post poll violence perpetrated by TMC goons mostly of your own community Mr Chaudhari. Please for some time be a reasonable man leaving your vulturous politics aside.
Election h
Modi has touched a wrong cord.
This is a a showbiz taliban want to fool us that they are independent and do not obey Pak by the advice of ISI of course but they fail to act properly  just like Peshawri films. 
This is stupidity.
Shut up Idiot, you deserve solid slap!
in best way 
Britishers ne bhi contract farming ki thi jisse shilpkaro ki freedom kam hone lgi thi
well, seems the bjp is out finally! mess with rural india votes and your out ot power
Shame to all for supporting ruckus .. public nuisance.. a true farmer can never afford to leave his field and play political games...
If company makes union they can play dengerous,game with farmers
Shame on Chairman for passing the bill without any discussion! 
And there used to be the minimum support price before this law... Opposition is saying that govt will remove the minimum support price and will not be good for farmers..
Its unfortunate that so much falsehood is being spread against contract farming bill.
Hi bisbo, I am from Telangana, our cm announced that 4000 to all farmers including one with 1000 acres but not giving that to land lease farmers and giving to land owners during Nizam period, there were many zamindars but people and naxsalites taken Thier land and started farming this scheme is to legalize the land of zamindars and give it back to them and to smash the old records of farmers who taken the land from zamindars he is computirizing them
Why dont these reporters research these laws
Thank you very much Mam& Drishti IAS Team...
Taliban need Woman polices to cover all woman citizens.....
Love them from Pakistan 
3 black laws , today's hence proff.
Why dont you do the homework on Canada right now where police are charging protestors and putting a curfew in place!
Yadi ye luag farmers hai to ye caa me jo protest kr rga tha unki rihai ki mang kyo kr rhe hai.  You should know that government is doing good thing to encourage private investment in farming.  Ye tikkait ti chor hai iske bacche ti Australia me pdhte hai millionaire hai . Abhi to print jaise anti bjp channi bhi farm bill ko shi bta rhe hai.  Plz stop chamchagiri.  And stick to facts and di research.
Good good go ahead otherwise farmers in india will die so go forward and seal parliament teach the nethajis what is the real condition of farming in India
You can thank Bill Gates and his multinational pals.
Skm  the great
Happiest part is people in south dont elect goons like bjp so they are progressing rapidly but cow belt are moving more towards religion and this can cause serious problems in future
I am from punjab i've seen my relatives working day and night
India is not Afghanistan!
Well done Ajit ji . Excellent coverage from beginning of Protest. Salute
Let's pray for India to be safe and integrated.
Ten thousand antisocial element can change the view of country.
AIM is now just criticizing for the sake of criticism.
Shameless modi
Kisan nhi political gunde h
In my view the govt should have included some of farmer's committee heads while formulating/passing farm laws. This would have avoided the protest. Repeal of law is not a good sign for the development.
Good. Very good. So people who protests in front of mla car they need to be punish? It's farmer fault but BJP can kill they have free hand
         Whatsapp 
Remove khalistanis from delhi
India's largest wtf bbc you know nothing about the protest just claiming everything falsely and your reports are biased . Well working under mi6 gives rises to create tensions here. Don't think that the person in front does not know anything we know and we know it very well 
  immunity   ,
Fullest respect and thanks to all who supported  our movement       ,  please  know that it was fight for  all middle  class and lower  class.....
Can you please make a video on what has happened on the Swachh Bharat front. We are paying Swachh Bharat cess from years after Modi govt came into power and this would have run into thousands of crores of tax money collection every year. but we don't see any difference at all in out surroundings, in fact our cities are more dirtier than ever today. What is happening with this cess that is collected?
Up mai election hai
Please cover nh44 too delhi Chandigarh highway
Very bad done by farmers 
Close diplomatic relation that's all jai bharath don't trust west
Picche se chadha diya. Very good leader
This jahil tikket need election ticket... His sponsorers do not want to stop this agitation...all farmers are not supporting this agitation Only  soecialy from 2 states... Now this jahil group should leave  delhi border if not court must intervine...
There is a very basic problem at each & every place..
Very strange police
Dhruv ratee - the slow poison, the back stabber of our courty.
Who said that they are not farmers  u can't hire 3 lakh people with one lakh tractor so use your common sense and come out of this modi bhakhti
Just last month, Pakistan hosted an OIC meet to recognize Taliban as a government.
I am not for you I am a hacker
I could sense her lack of confidence in presentation..
To establish a PM/Govt is Fascist/Nazi?
3:57 Role of Indian Media
AIMIM 
No Hindu rastra our no Islamic mulk, only Raj karenga khalsa.
Let a man humble himself till he is like this child, and he will be the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven. Whoever receives one such child in my name receives me. But if a man is a cause of stumbling to one of these little ones who have faith in me, it would be better for him to have a millstone hung round his neck and be drowned in the depths of the sea.
Never thought that this channel is also the part of Godi Media. That became clear only
You people defamed the superior ego of racists ..
Save farmers save our food..save Bharat..from Corporate..oppose to contract farming
Sir monthly carrent affairs ki book milti he kya darsti ki soap pr. revision ke liye chahiye thi.
Proud to be my sister  
4) Special financial provision was to be made for world class agricultural education system and research?
Shame on GODI MEDIA
Jai shiry ram
Congratulation india for covid 3rd wave.......
Pehale aande hore he the
I want to say thank you so much Sir. Thanks a lot
Amazing knowledge
He recital his mind (PM)
Farmers don't even know what's going to be the selling price. They just assumed it will be lower than msp and went on protest.
No sympathy for these poor farmers because they begged to be screwed by the Middleman.  Good for these fools.
Don't encourage them to use tractor but suggest them to tone down their demands so that solution can be reached without any delay
Yes its republic day.
No words for ur well Explaination 
We are with ourselves 
This is good journalism! Mr.Sardesi please hold on to these standards. The right questions were asked, the right rebuttle were made and the assertion to mindless screaming was nibbed in the bud. 
Thanks a lot... very useful vedio
2. After killing Andhra Sriramulu power hungry Nehru who was not shaken even by Bhagat trio hanging, got scared and passed linguistic reorganization bill. Periyar Nayaka and Ambedkar opposed to centre formation in Delhi and as per EU model, demanded separate countries for non hindi regions but were not heard as racist British already raped and produced a slave Macaulay generation ( who are now bollywood, army and central govt employees) from north Indians.
Captain is the one who started the farmer agitation and has won modi has no face now fir 2024.
Wrong headline... what gift? The farmers made him tow their line.
This fellow is a mad fellow
I must appreciate the content...hard work behind it visible..
Thanks sir for your information
Government should not buckle down under any circumstances to farm bill reforms.
PM MODI SHOULD SPEAK ABOUT HIS ECONOMICAL FAILURED , THAT DRAG OUR INDIAN TOWARDS RAGS .
Rajesh Tikait given correct number
Congi Politics at their heights... cant win in a election , But want to control power and loot india ...So play politics on dead bodies of indians,,,,Simple nothing more to it..Whoevr is at fault has to be punished, but not like this...Politics over dead bodies....AND THE BIGGEST TRAGEDY IS CONRESS KILLED THOUSANDS OF SIKHS WHEN INDIRA GANDHI WAS KILLED.....and now these people have bcome the biggest supporters of congress...Biggest Tragedy ....Make sure justice is provided for the all the dead indians,,,Period....JAI HIND....
Police galat kr rahi he bt unki b duty he Allah raham kare sb panjabion pe lot of love from lahore pakistan
I have a doubt sir then why is the government not making M.S.P legal ?
Purely behind election issue.
great leader in India
Common man point: if these bills will be implemented , then any registered company can buy and stock crop in unlimited quantity and store it till prices touch the sky, so black market will emerge and wheat which is around Rs.1800 per quintal will be more than this, no control will be  of government on it , so common man have to pay high for food(wheat,rice, vegitable,fruits etc etc)
Bihar scraped APMC  because of pimps / dalaals making money out of poor farmers
Age restriction lagadia 
Its all propaganda like #caa protest without any logic just to create.....chaos
Plz give peace for  farmers
Leaders associated with it..
Now no farmer will commit suicide 
Are Bhai waha Kisan nhi the.... Fir Kheti me Kaun tha
Election ahead, Don't trust the  words fully by a government for West India Company!
buying at msp except govt agency and all godowns of FCI agency are full with 4.5 trillion tonnes of wheat and rice .
Tractor march and tractor terror do different baat hai. You sud update your thumbnail
 who is responsible for the farmers who died while protesting and modi is still saying that he pay full devotion 
Don't Test people's Power
I'm watching him for first time, can anyone tell me is this one pro bjp, I'm just wanna make sure should i have to another video ,or it's a genuine one
Tractor parader have chains, rod, lathis.....and attacking delhi police. They are not kisan... They are traitors and want to disturb law and order in republic Day.
If farmers can sell directly and farmers are given freedom, then that means the people who are protesting are the middleman or the agents.. then all this protests is for this agents or middleman in the name of farmers, as it's easy to gain sympathy over farmers name
Indian farmers are lazy! They want to avail the benefits on the tax payers money! Theyre doing business so why cant they act like one.
Where from they get some much money ? Who is funding this ?
The law should cover head load goons in Kerala for bleeding the farmers
The ending was hilarious 
Oxygen is nowhere mentioned in Quoran as oxygen, Talibans should ban that 
Driver- Criminal
these comments make me think if people even use their brains or just go with the flow of what they see in the media or read elsewhere
Legendary watching this channel 
PM OF INDIA INSTEAD OF PATELJI  IS THE MAIN ROOTS OF ALL GREATEST PROBLEMS CREATED BY NEHRU PERSONALly 
Jallian wala bagh under construction. .
The information is incomplete. Govt. Set a minimum selling price of crops to protect farmers interest and farmers r allowed to sell crops more than MSP if any body offers. Not all farmers around India against this law. Some middlemen whose interest affected spornced the protect.
Ok but why don't you mention that police had even blocked the road which was agreed for the farmers rally. Why being one sided?
Tum Sb Jhuthi report krte Ho
Excellent job, man! Thanks for putting the facts in a simple, straightforward manner.
NewsLaundry is a safe guard readers.
Its heartbreaking to see for the past few years the intimidation and injustice showered on the people of Bharat .
They call us terrorists but we don't mind coz we fed the nation from its birth
Good coverage. Sometimes it's better to find good YouTube video instead of listening to biased TV chnanels.
It shows how low these guys reached. Now leaders know they  cont go home, since they hell a lot of money from bad elements in and out of India now they afraid of their life from those people. That is y they want them get arrested by govt and protect them. Why should govt spend money on them, than the police have their own good will work.
Hello Friends, Jai jawan jai kissan. Am in support of our farmers. Am telling few points and act i read. 
Most of the circulated videos in the media are FAKE videos.
SHE IS SUPPORTING TO THE HARASSMENT  TO THE AVERAGE DELHI GOERS, STOP USING  YOUNG CHILDREN TO YOUR JIHADI CAUSE
Victory to Modiji and bjp
They are anti-nationals .against every good happening in the country .they will protest for every good law which will be passed in parliament.
God please keep all uncle ji's and elderly safe !                    Every PM at least makes a statement to media that he is looking into the issue. But MODI ass**** did not even come in front once. I will never ever vote for BJP in my entire lifetime.               I lost 10k in demonetization. he has been a pain in the ass since his beginning
Thanks sir
There are so many states are not join to the protests for bills only two states are protesting they have no problems with new law then why and what should be want to do with original Farmers. Jai Hind
After U.s India want to taste the Afghani tea 
It'll like in corona trains are not running so railways employees won't get salary or how maintenance would happen how new tracks would be laid out. 
Geo g Geo sikh Brother's sports from Pakistan narowaL
AAM PARTY playing politics,WILL LOSE PUNJAB.
Sandeep choudhary i salute u
It was CAA , CAB , NRC Protests Last year around this time and today Farmers Protests. Something Bad is going to happen or come to our Nation in coming days again.
Long Live Resistance
Sawaminathan Ayog Report should be enforced
We don't want see modi and faces..farmers  asking  M.s.p
Why wasn't this tractor operating a manure spreader?
Yea farm laws were a bad decision
11 points why MSP is disastrous for Indian economy!!! 
Yogi is yogi everyone who lives in India FOR THAM RESPONSIBLE PERSON IS YOGI ADITYANAATH . Please go to him if you have any problem he will find solutions now Indian entire political agenda changed by some greedy people who love Sonia never want to be Gandhi  but people of India 80% population support BJP& RSS all hater of you still want to join us you will go through strong  it is my appeal that no true Indian is freed until Sonia fake Gandhi go back Italy or until her death
Just think a bit , why will govt encourage this ? If you are not understanding the game played by khangress either you are fool or andh jihadi! These tactics are old school techniques to get a govt down 
There's lot of issue: inflation, Chinese encroachment, petrol prices, unemployment, etc....I wonder why aren't able to see??
 In 1885 British Officer Mr. H. O. Houm Collector of ITAVA, North Province (U.P.) established CONGRESS PARTY to Stop Next 1857 Freedom Movement by Political leadership in India.
Up Election could have started before 1 year back, maximum farmers must alive
So much of rogue radicals, misguided, hateful. They won't let this nation flourish.
Farm law shi tha to waps ku liya, Farm law glt tha to parliment me pass ku kiya. 
I understand this is the end of Modi rule. At least sobering his arrogance
Policeman's par  ee QQ target  banaty hai 
U have ur own definition of Islam or what?!
Real Indian Desh k jnta Cen gov k Sth hai.....
money. process could be powerful or weak. decision makes the process and good decision makes good process. people will 
Here a student standing with farmer
God bless you
DEREK OBRAYAN(TMC) SANJOY SINGH (AAP)ADHIR RN (CONG) INLOGO KO ,PEHLE JAIL DALO , KIO KI,. INHONE , RAJYASABHA & LOKSABHA ,ME JO KIA, PEHLE INKO BICHAR HONA , CHAHIYA, YEH ,AGAR GENL KOI PUBLIC ,KISI GOVT,. INSTITUTION ,(SCHOOL ETC)KE ANDAR KORE TO , GENL, PUBLIC KA ,KEYA HAL HOTA. ? ?
India was funding TTP ( tehreek taliban pakistan ) since India has left Afghanistan; not a single attack on pakistani soil ....
Nice script by the way.
Khalistan is only solution for Punjab,
No one saying about BJP, how they're criticising Our Farmers aur sab khate bhi kisan ka hee hai
4:55 that's the benefit of contract farming rate is fixed no matter if price falls company have to buy on that price
These andolanjeevi are gadhars costing huge losses to the nation and inconvenience the road users. If these goons andolanjeevi carry on blocking the roads after next week then the government must take strict actions against these goons/criminals without mercy.
Don't allowed to Rakesh tikait  to meet pm and union agriculture minister for farther  discussion Of kissan union and Govt of India.
Thanku Sir for this topic
You do not need to watch any other video on farm protests
Don't forget that everything started after BJP passed Farm Bills Unconstitutionally in Parliament.
This is the time since when anarchy stars in our country
Sir make a detail video on  indian polity
Iske liye kissan neta , khalistani orthodox and anti nationalism mobs responsible hain
Always says anti roll on the front of Sarkar not only PM .
Go back home.. NO harboring foreigners!.
Because News 24 does not want
Who is she??
No understand of you dont have food then you can live in your life no write   ...i always sport to farmer.....modi mruda bad ...farmer jidabadh
Black day black people's..
The govt did not fail. The farmer fail to understand and will face regrets in the future.
Shame on Haryana police
Rental yellow black journal
Justin is under influence of brown canadian mps mostly canadian sikhs to have a reason to show anguish to india  get votes and create a mind set for NRI that india is all bad & corrupt.
Ab election hone wala h up me isliye pm modi game to khelnge ...ye pehla game h pm modi ka...........pm modi ek ease politician h jo selfish h ......
Today is the dirtiest government in the world. The BJP government should shoot humans
wonder who the minister of beheadings will be
Clearly seen so called farmers are murderers and barbaric!!!
Parinka Vadra when is she going to Rajastan where linching  has taken place ???? Don't do politics on dead boady
Ye fir se activate ho Gaya!
He has changed the political situation in country. Now people can thin that mighty bjp might loose in 2024
We don't need reforms 
*Those protesting are paid by Arthiyas for personal gains and by foreign parties to defame the Nation.*
lies, damned lies and statistics. Where are the absolute numbers...already 90 percent plus farm produce is sold in private sector.
High Court Bar-Council, Superme Court Bar-Council, veterans and the citizens are in the favour of farmers protest!
WHO IS SEEDING THE CROPS WE ARE EATING IN INDIA DURING COVID PANDEMICS LOCKDOWNS AND DIFFICULT TIMES?
Guys don't think my beloved PM narendra modi is weak...either he has planned something better than this or else he has some other better plan 2 teach Congress a lesson...we want modi government in 2024 election
Your success hidden in your handsome face
Great BJP
Who is this kuttia
RIGHT. HON. MODI, GREATEST PM (AT ALL TIMES) OF GREATEST DEMOCRACY INDIA. ALSO, GREATEST WORLD LEADER WITH WISDOM & HEART COMPLEMENTING NOT JUST INDIA BUT ENTIRE WORLD COMMUNITIES AS ROLE MODEL LEADER.  
Farmers must not block traffic n highways n disrupt normal lives ! 
We may or may not agree with what is said here but it shows the power of Indian democracy where the citizens have the freedom of opinion and speech. Try doing this in Pakistan or even in some western countries.
Jitna paisa vipachs se lelo beta election k baad to tumhari gand pr pyaj ktegi
You are unnecessaryly giving this gavti space on your show
America 
And only diverting from the actual topic. Why was she talking of congress or priyanka
Now the Punjab money will stay in Punjab not going to GUJARATH.  Good fight ...another surrender in Indian History.
Nice Brother
4-5 more journalists like him and India will be free from this fascist regime
How selectively Ndtv has been choosing to ignore the fact that Govt is buying much more than what is needed and that it rots in godowns just so that some farmers can be supported.... 
Achche din for farmers..
I have heard Rakesh Tikait many times, he was always very witty. But, in this talk, he has come out with Lot of Depth.
horrible... what will happen if these Journalist get money from CHINA??? Ab china ki Chaato
           Do not blame the farmer's. Solve their myriad problems. Hear the farmer's out.
Zee news alwayz spread hate...
Enron scandal please cover this topic study iq...its a request
to Win Elections.
for trp go inside
6. Haryana me 75% job private me haryana ke person ho  (Haryana      private company pr us me koe condition nhi h job ki)
How can they produce wheat at the same price 
Capt . Amarendar Singh will face the same fat  Mr. Swand adhikari faced in WB.
Is he talibani spoke person ?
Lackas  of farmer protest 
UP election me bjp har rhi thi isliye aisa kiya 
He is very smart ,this is all because of votes. He will change again after
I hate abp news 
Sir apse prasnal ek bat puchna thi
The fact that media only mentioned -Minister's son- over and over again
On 25th September, Bharat baand in support of our Farmers
Congress hatao Desh bachao
History Repeating ??
Nice to hear from you in detail. Thank you.
Can't believe the amount of lies these people  are saying
These were very good laws for farmers. T
Rip Indian investment
Modi is making fool farmers don't forget about martyard people
In 2019 Kisaan Sangathan Support CONGRESS for this Bill
We want hindu rashtra
This is mudder of indian democracy by our prime minister Modi , i fell ahame that i born in India #justiceforkissan
Where agriculture privatisation lead to monopoly.. And just assumption can not be made a valid argument... We should wait for Supreme Court.
02:05 What happened at Red Fort?
I'm not in favour of the farm laws but it's high time we stop watching these "we will ONLY show what you already are being led on" videos.
This are the reason's why farmers are protecting
Chalo zee news ne inhe kisan to mana
*Hindu/Hinduism/HinduRastra/Hindutva --- stance by Svarkar, by Gandhi, by Netaji, by Balasaheb..        --- Anti-Hindu groups use different words, terms and description to CONFUSE Hindus      Ignore the words and stick to the ideology "Treat people the way they treat us"*
Aapse Bahoot Achha STUDY IQ wale Rathore Sir Samjhye hain
THEY DON'T EVEN KNOW THE ANSWER OR THEY END UP RUNNING AWAY FROM ANSWERING THE QUESTION OR CALLING GODI MEDIA,
Bhai kam se kam ladke ki pehchan to chupa dete. Itni to guidelines pta hi hongi journalism.  Why you people show faces of victims??? Boy is still in shock after his father's death.
Thy r same sikh who r running away from afaganistan..
You as a great story teller.. soo speaks facts seamlessly
Easy dont sell it for , market prices not government stooge price
Put these bankers into Tihar asap!
Godi media took the law in their hand, Police had to become the reporter !! 
Now it is Khalistan & Kashmir turn.
Sir junior accountant ka course kb start kroge?
No war, only wrath of need.
It is the way to dealt with khalistans n mandi brokers
Govt is responsible for damage
India bleeds with a thousand cuts, one ill-intentioned rebellion at a time. 
Why your media is airing and directly supporting a vicious mass a gathering of rich farmers for sake of reporting as some of the media did like after assassination of Indira, thousands of innocent Sikhs killed ? Stop supporting the middlemen! 
Everything is bogus... Remember the famous dialogue by pm? Joot bolo joot bolo bas joot bolo. Phir joot bolo.
Ready for NOBEL piece PRIZE nomination.
Sir I want to join aap party in uttarakhand
He attacked Guru Granth sahib at singhu border. He got punished. Since, 2015 the number of attacks on Guru Granth Sahib has been increased..No justice has been given by Indian System. Even every time culprits defended by the system calling them mentally ill. Indian media is manipulating the whole scenario by false representation. Common modi puppets
Thanks, Prof.(Dr.) Amar Grewal
MSP is used by Rich Farmers / Artiyas to transport harvested crops from other states like Rajasthan UP by Farmers / Artiyas and then selling it , in Punjab ,  to Govt. agencies in Mandis at MSP as locally harvested produce
This is sad
Modi BJP will sale all root and institution on one men BJP sponsorship.
Smriti I am Like you Emotional Person but I Get Angry sometimes
No one has seriousness about covid ...not politician or these activitist 
       ,,,,  election   ,,,,       
Kejriwal great leader
But India will still make a movie about you sardar ji so smile when youre dying on the Ladakh or Kashmir border.
Bjp always say anti nationalist to everyone who oppose them but in actual bjp is the biggest traitor of the country
That random person who liked my comments may you and your parents live more than 100 years,,
6. Crop insurance settlement ratio is at par with world standards.
  UP, BIHAR,RAJASTHAN,JHARKHAND        HUMBLE REQUEST        2019         EXAM CONDUCT    RRB GROUP D  
Even if the private buyer r government should go through MSP ...
this is democratic country.....
Sabse badmash he modi face dekhne se ghin lagta he
Its disheartening to see well intentioned folks fall to propaganda of BJP on the farm laws.
We want Immediate resigned from  tha c.m. of harayana
Y election ka Jumla h Chor party ka 
Journalism at its best! This was explained really well! Thank you very much!
Violent people in the garb of Kisan had a preplan  to create a big violent incident so already gheraoed helipad as well the main village way !! It's a pure conspiracy !!
The farmers protest will help AAP to win in the Punjab elections.
The three laws implemented by Modi GOVT serves to help farmers, however Punjab (the place of Punjabi Sikh farmers) are ruled by Congress (which is the opposition party, and the same party behind the killing of  13000 Punjabis on 1984),  the farmer protest is pure politically motivated, in the last 40 years more than 1000 of farmers suicided because of the old farm laws.. The new laws is more capitalistic, efficient and can bring the change.
State government
What is the problem for congress and opposition.
Opposition parties not of the people, not for the people and not by the people..
The government and the famers should have watched this video. The farms laws were a progressive step,  leaving aside a few doubtful provision, But the government made its own work difficult by name calling the farmers. Had it treated them with respect, this issue would have been solved
Thanks for supporting farmers 
"Strong" govt can only pass useless laws like CAA, 370
Trevor it's one sided .
But for farmers they are worried abt the truth of India ie Corruption, dishonesty, frauds and loots thats going to follow. 
The fight is to protect food from going into the hands of corporates
Bjp condown
Play at .25X speed and you'll see the windshield is completely shattered on the driver side by protestors, poor driver working as a wage labourer wasn't able to see anything at all....
Consider on both aspects.plz
You are the raita gang spokesperson
Thanks sir for this knowledge 
This is one of the surgical strike by our true patriot, our PM on the fake protesters and anti national politicians.  Our PM saved our Nation.
In the ultimate analysis, am not sure whether Abhijit adds value to your channel.I seldom watch him..... 
I'm speechless... This is my nation. My country. This has left me in tears and in dread. 
india should again divide in princely state there is no requeriment of central govt, panjabi dose not know tamil why we are together each state should work as country and make there own law .
NDTV is good at showing the pictures but not explaining why they are so upset 
- Govt pays MSP to buy grains from farmers.
Please post new pictures everyday ..talk to #sanjuaktkisanmorcha to post those pictures on their platform..
 Isa 65:22 " they shall not build, and another inhabit; they shall not plant, and another eat: for as the days of a tree shall be the days of my people, and mine elect shall long enjoy the work of their hands....
Excess of anything is bad for health or country like protest . So police has done tremendous job . These farmers don't think about other people who get stuck in traffic or inconvenience caused to other people. They can  protest in front of BJP leaders houses that would be good idea.
The Magistrate at least doesnt have Humanity, and coming to the Police fully loaded with Shit in Brain...
Respect  for you .. but he is ips rank officer  and he said we are celebrating  republic  day on 26 march . Did not accept  it from like you people  ...
Nation is modified  Modi Ji will be our PM in 2019. Even Mahagatbandhan cant beat us.
Wishing you a speedy throat recovery 
Modi Todi is not a strong man. Probably phoned Biden to learn how to lead with weakness.
President must speak up why did he sign on antibiotics pesticides law
why there is no shortage of crops when farmers are protesting at this level and for this much time.
I salute your bravery for telling truth
Bro If you Continue to Upload video then Beleive me you will be the most Loved person, Because your each word is unique itself, Love you 
Modiji never ever anything against farmers and India. These are all antinational elements
I am spot to formar
Watching with eye full of tear
In this comment section I really understood stupidity definitely don't have limits. As long it cell and mootharakudukis gonna be there India is doom for sure. They don't have understanding capacity or tolerant capacity.. I never seen this kind of foolish people in my life.
Thanks for coverage farmer protest against three black law
An example of Faking Democracy.
Such a manipulative media.... It has herd following....! Typical lunch mob herd ...
Modi ji failed first PM everywhere and only Ambani and Adani agent... Rahul Gandhi ji sincere leader
Koi mulk apna beej nahi peda kar sakta Yeh Beej Unhone Develop Kiye hain, Genetics ka kaam Jo unhone kiya hai, Haq unka hai, Sirf Multinationals se kharida Jaega Beej...Abh Woh kuch bhi Bechega Kharidega Public.. After All India and its Corrupted politicians Are Slave of the Westners.. India Is Still Gulaam in Vice versa Lagaan toh Dena Padega Till the World Ends 
0:35 I am Proud Of farmers the are beating police swaaad hi aagaya
We have to demand resignation of MP s 
Trap is Ready for coming elections
Why can't lawyers/advocates have tattoos?
Sare ministers aaj parade dekh rhe hai bt ye bechare police wale yaha fijool me kisano se lad rhe hai 
Chor h ye tiket
THEY ALL ARE SAME...PLEASE DEPORT THEM BEFORE THEY ATTACK YOUR KIDS...PLEASE BIDEN SAVE US
I have  very few option for News
Godi media will not spare these farmers now. These farmers will have nowhere to hide now, Godi media will take revenge now.
Thanks a lot sir and team drishti 
U have changed your views like other godi media chamchas. Shame on you.#FarmersProtest.
Right sir
Hows the great reset going so far
Well done people. Bless you all who stand for farmers and humanity 
Ambani Janta Party is only working for Ambani !!
Explained Breif in short
A - cause they are hutiyaa.
Very bad treatment with farmers
Your puppet masters want a refund now Mr.Modi
Pakistan always wants a border issue with all its neighbours. And then they are humiliated
How do we predict the water available?
Hidden agenda in abolishing this beneficial laws for poor farmers are:
It's not a farmer union flag Its KHALISTAN'S FLAG.
I don't know why south indian and north-east Indian are not protesting against farmers bill.. Maine toh kisiko dekha nhi waha ?
US TAKE 5 YEAR and now they realise to clean Afghanistan
Farmers are anti-nationals
Bjp it cell active for manipulative facts, didi you know these bills are beneficial for corporate world not for farmers , but you actually diverting the mind of people against farmers
*india of indians will be back soon corporates and terrorrists india will die*
Even after taking so heavy taxes on every single thing being sold even on water and electricity
I dnt think potatoes price will be gone down soon!!!
Try to think critically people, not emotionally. This repeal was necessary. These two gentlemen are jackals in sheep's skin. Like Raavan fooled mata sita by dressing up in bhagwa, they trying to fool you.
Bhai Problems Nahi Solutions Dekhso
Police shoot the one farmer ...shame delhi police
Do you wish to be famous, wealthy and powerful? Be part of this elite organization called the illuminati brotherhood filled with world leaders, business authorities, artists, and be given (500,000 USD) as your monthly benefit and also be given a new house of choice. Reply me by saying YES.....if INTERESTED...... 
He is an opportunist,his wife will resign but he will continue to support bjp, nonsense
Congress is cutting  own legs ,with own axe
Vote  for Khalistan Sikhs for justice team gurpatwant Singh panu 
the man DALAL DAKAIT is most Corrupted, BJP  not taking him seriously from binging so he is releasing his frustration, let kick out him, he is mindless and most corrupted man,
Well done by parliament. Thanks
Mumbai terrors. to come back in power and run their Agenda. All i am 
Now the deoiled Soya  price gone extremely High
Farmers protest now cold war,only wastage of money,without hardwork.
Chor tikait eske ab politics khatam hone wali hai
Un educated modi...
It's really shameful for Indian Government
Labour reforms, privatisation & corporatization reforms, structural changes & other needs big tickets reforms to break the age old shackles of status-quo will be forced to be rolled back using the same template.
they dont want, make people believe through their channels, used Media 
Punjab congress party government provoking and fueling the farmers protest...
Why is modi fearing from ambani , because modi has taken huge amount from ambani , to do deal on food , farmer become poor , just work hard farmer and earn small amount . Ambani loote huge amount from the farmer . 
As an economist I can say the new farm laws would depend on market and whole dynamics around it. Its good the government should have minimum intervention in a democratic setup because it is corrupt.
Halta hindu yuvano na muredur thay che
Edited
bjp is showing off their power n misusing it, they want to show ki hum kuch bhi kar sakte hain aur koi hamara kuch nahi bighad sakta
Who ever and what ever kind of situation it may, killing should not be happen yeah. What happenwhats wrong to man, to do such kind of killingsCulprits must book immediately within no time.
He Doesn't ready law properly       .....
Toral 11 Kissan Union protesting-links Maoist-08, Congress-01 AAP(02)  https://youtu.be/IgP7KUTKoXY  
A government servant is that who never involve his/her self in politics
Jai Hind...how can a farmer be in dharna for months together. They are not into farming but are paid brokers to stop govt from functioning.
the beginning of the end of fire worshipper civilization
Bro violet light is getting reflected in your glasses. It is a little distracting
Next pm Rahul Gandhi
Be always  alert,keep eyes and ears open, bjp can any lowest possible thing to torpedo this movement ,kisaan mazdoor ekta zindabad BJP murdabad.
Dena, thank you so much for showing the truth!!!
Can you tell me , how the official ID card of Pakistan Army are founded along with died (dead bodies) personal  fighting against Northern Alliances at Panchshir, Afghanistan.
Damn the police Im Sikh
With India
All these days the protest was peacefull and all of a sudden it turned violent...We cannot come to any conclusion just by seein these videos...Some one could have provocated them or some one was planted inside the peacefull protesters to cause this havoc..thats all
Can you imagine that entire traffic flow which used to travel through highways is now using narrow village roads which are now muddy and filled with pot holes, travelling 10's of extra kilometers and wasting 3-4 hours daily? Do you know where these protestors throw up their garbage, urinate etc. ? They do it on highway, they've created open drains besides their tents and it floats all over the roads, can you imagine that horrible smell and dirtness? Can you imagine what College Students like me, daily commuters and workers go through every single day because of all this? Every 200 meters you'll see posters of Nri's, Uk, Canada etc. Based funding organizations. There are even tents that have clearly written 'U.K Aid' on it. These so called farmers after evening enter the adjoining roads and areas near society appartments on their tractor with speakers, they're druken. It's a total mess and ruckus. 
Once confidence taken place there will be no problems. Anything win - win situation. In most of the cases private companies are being advantages. In these cases farmers suffer.
_Covid-19: 10,000 fine for those do not self-isolate or breach quarantine regime comes into force in UK_
Great .
Truly I tell you; if anyone obeys my teaching he shall never know what it is to die.  (John 8: 51)  
Kuch bhi krle ye congress
What the hell is going on?
What India should have done, the Taliban have done it! Given the fact that India maintains that Taliban is a terrorist organisation.
Who were the 5 people killed
Thanks to BBC from Bottom of Heart. This will energies Farmers against dreadfull Laws .( Ex Pharmacy Officer Moga Pb  Bharat)
Still following British era terminologies of 'Aye' and 'No' in the upper house. Why?
Tell us the achievement of this big andolon
Msp on contract farming
Political agenda ....nothing else
---And more..
Just be clear please, Im a local & was there bjp son run with high speed over the people. And note on the side the bjp leader in this area is basically a don, every newly married female has to sleep with the leader. Dont believe me ask anyone
Someone teach Arvind Gunasekar to hold a mike.
India vs Australia: Since his debut, hes dropped more catches than any other keeper in the world, Ricky Ponting unimpressed with Rishabh Pant
The three farm bills have created fear and unrest. The farmers are fully aware of the implications these bills will have and understand the long term effect it can have on their livelihood and dignity. 
China will certainly help them on how to drive it
Republic tv wake up don't support like this 
The sin committed by bjp is over flowing in UP
Afghanistan me Taliban theek kar rahe hain pagdichod ke saath
When BJP ministers disagrees with the supreme leader they come to NDTV. Harsimrat Kaur Badal is an example
It's not for former protest it's preplanned agenda to seperate country in the name of kalistan bloody dogs.
Thank you for video
Great coverage and an immaculate style of reporting the ground reality  keep up the good work!
Good for the nation hope the government lives to all the promise.  Now govt should move forward on all issues and lead policy only with consultation with affected parties
This is govt responsible because how long people  protested  .
Good job, Don't allow to block the national highways.
Such a silly thing that indian dont grow ever to reach position where we dont need anymore or should quit Pakistan or afghanistan on trade relations!!??? Problem with indian business everything they need ready made to make more profits!!! Let indian business house develop in indian states what they are importing from pakistan / Afghanistan!!!  Wake up GOI , wakeup and dont linger things with Afghanistan  or pakistan !! Strategically more things to quite these two nations!! Geo politics no one know future , at present...!!!
Modi want to make vote bank stronger for U.P election.
Iska matlab yo protest political tha???
2. Making people suffer for basic amenities during the pandemic
Looking for more sessions like this
The flag raised by BJP...
Kisan andolan :     , farm law bill | pm modi repeals India farm laws #DBLIVE
BILL 1. The corporates don't have to give taxes as the APMC markets, which will make them able to offer higher MSP at first, now due to the disadvantage faced by APMC agents, in long term, those mandis will become redundant/disappear. About FCI, it doesn't always take the food from the farmers, it will only take to a certain limit due to space limitations, thus if the farmers don't get a fair price at the industry, they won't be able to sell it to FCI at MSP. It is to be noted that always, FCI has a surplus of food.
Articles 370 aur 35a hatane ko bhi black day declared karo
In this hell where is president, cheif justice of India.
Q3 APMC were done away in Bihar back 15yrs. Did it brought some ground changes. Where bihar farmers stand in terms  on income compared to other state. 
In such ECONOMIC SCENARIO
Is kissan andolen me 95% politicles party ke gunde h  islia ye andole band kr dena chahiye becoz real kissan asa kabhi nhi krte  real kissan working on their field  ye sb gunde h
who the hell you r to hiting someone below the belt..
THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT
*ONLY Muslim Countries & Champions - Turkey, Pakistan..Muslim Brotherhood & OIC should contribute their resources if required to stabalize this country & WELCOME them to their country as refugees*
Shoot them
Rahul gandhi the fighter  : mark my words govt force to take back these laws HAR BAR KESSA SAHI HOTA HAI RAHUL KA KAHA
One one had opposition claims agriculture is state subject and on other they blame central govt for farmers death
Waste of time
The jumla showman is back , election time & the drama begins. Election win assured
Others view are open
Congress kho support koroh
Rakesh ticket chor hai
Don't think me as shikh ,I am Rajput
#Bad Black mirror of india
# bicoteAkshayKumar from from India /canada.
How shameless they are..THUU ponjabi farmers
Next PM arvind kejriwal
New use of tractor found. Researchers must continue
PK ,tum bol raheho jhootha
Sir ji math aur English Ka questions v solve krayiye n
It's proved that judiciary is completely biased. When Hindu's killed they do nothing.
We all with all farmers
Thank you so much!!!
Thank you sir for making this informative video. Jai Hind.
U say: Law for welfare of farmers 
Enough is enough.
@BBC please search for facts as no body dies with clashes with Police.. reasons of deaths are other .. Great work done by Police by handling protest responsibly..
fun will be seen in near future  ,and forget CAA and A 370 repealment.
Mr, Modi & Amitt, Nobody won't believe your promise, because everybody knews very well that you are a fake..
Has never happened anywhere in the world. Ever
Farmers struggle definitely triumphs. Fascist rulers will be defeated.
Dying from suicides because they are being exploited by middle men did not stand up! The people who keep crying farmers,farmers did not stand up! The middle men and rich farmers stood up in much stronger way than the sufferers and hence they won! Thats true democracy - theres no right/wrong - people who care and stand up with enough force will
It again proves that Kisaans don't use their brains at all. Otherwise they would not have reacted to Rakesh Tikait's (the dramebaaz ) crocodile tears the way did. There is a very thin  line difference between being innocent and being stupid. The innocents are still working on their fields and the stupids are here at the Delhi borders...
He is just doing his duty main culprit is government
if truth is to prevail, it WILL find a way if you dont believe then just google "why is ganesh chaturti celebrated in India" 
Yo to hona ye tha
l would say  responsibility lies with those who have put them in power. Namely the undthbugdth.,Godymedia. In fact all the mainstream media. Last but not least. The lawinforcemt agency. 
Even the farmers can join and form cooporatives .
Shameful fellows
CONGRESS QUIT BHARAT THAT IS NOW INDIA. GANDHI FAMILY QUIT INDIA.
Trade with Terrorists state is indirectly encouraging Terrorism by proving indirect financial suppory
ELECTION IME JUMLA
When these bills are so good and favourable for farmers then why these farmers apposing these bills? As per these protest it seems that these protesters are not real farmers these are brokers who wants earn more profits than the real farmers who grows such agricultural products with their efforts. I support these bills
let me give u solution.   Let one BJP RULE state take the accountibility to implement these laws in their state and then lets observe the outcome.     
Thank you so much Sir
Why were you people rushing you should have let Mr Rakesh Tikait speak more.
Imagine your father as a police man at that moment?!
So now you know they are kisan 
If I see fair journalism as it should be without personal bias reporting. I will contribute money.
Why they are not fulfill farmers demand the BJP cross  every limit yr pls be safe and wear mask ,this is not right time pls be safe
Congress was right in 1984
Boycott (AAJ TAK)
Fortunate....we do not know Hindi.
All hell broke loose and everyone started protesting, this is not fair, society will loose revenue, the donkey owners will be jobless and no food for them (human rights issue), the donkeys will be worthless (animals rights issue), all were angry.
Very helpful........ Thank u mam
Those who dislike are middle men and farmer's exploiters
IT IS DUTY NOT A FAVOUR AT ALL.
His turban color is indicating everything..... 
These sicks are beggers
Thanks sir.
If you keep oppressing Sikhs, we will have no option but to fight for separation and creating our own homeland. You have been warned. KHALISTAN JINDABAD
Good job the lallontop
Farm laws are from India not from USA. So, we need protesters in India not in USA.
Shall we declare them anti national or put them away under UAPA?
PM MODI NEEDS TO HAVE ADEQUATE REST AND SLEEP AFTER THIS HECTIC DAY. TAKE CARE MR PM MOFIJI. DHANYAVAD. 
What about the protest
Farmers are right and modi wrong
He is saying he doesn't know abt international terrists.really he is bach in front of international terrist leader
IT IS NOT FARMERS PROTEST but 2022 elections plan
His responsibly is to take care of the situation , no matter he or she is the culprits or murderer ! Kya Police he  
It is already impossible for the US to contain China's economic development. The United States chose to contain China's economic development, that is totally wrong! It was very stupid! Because China's rise is inevitable! If China is not the largest economy in 10 years, it will be in 15 years at the latest. At that time, the United States was the second largest economy in the world. If the US had not curbed India's economic development, in another 20 years, after 2050, India's total economy would have surpassed that of the US, and India would have become the second largest economy in the world, while the US would have become the third largest economy in the world. When the United States from the largest economy to the second largest economy, many countries will still listen to the United States, but when the United States from the second largest economy to the third largest economy, then, how many countries will listen to the United States? Therefore, the right thing for us to do is to contain India's economic development, not China's! When India's GDP exceeds $6 trillion, or its per capita GDP exceeds $5,000, India's economy will show explosive growth, and so will its science and technology and military. It will take less than 10 years. If the US had not contain India's economic, technological and military development before then, Then India's economic, technological and military development would have exploded in 10 years! In 10 years, when India's total GDP exceeds $6 trillion, or when India's per capita GDP exceeds $5000, the US will not be able to contain India's economic development! In another 20 years, India will surpass US in GDP! In the United States, there are People of Indian descent in high government offices, in Silicon Valley technology companies, in universities, in the financial elite on Wall Street. Indians are also good at English, computer programming, intelligence gathering and controlling the US by controlling the Indian Ocean.
Our Government only cares for power and money
UAE Central Bank Slaps Rs 13Cr Monetary Sanction on Bank of Baroda for deficiencies in compliance of Federal Decree Law of 2018 on Anti Money Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism and Financing of Illegal Organisations
Very nice analysis 
Strictly No  for the Tractor Rally..
Government says, the bill is in favour of farmers and farmers are protesting. Which is true?
Got emotional after watching this. 
Who Feed the Nation.
No Idea tha,
Some of them not wearing mask. When they will get covid then opposition will say Modiji is responsible  taliban is on the scene that doesn't mean corona gone
Feku want to apologise now but how about the farmers who died during the protest.
Modi = M , Amit = A , Devol = D ---- MAD Policy the only problem
It is a very strategic move on the part of central govt.
I think you should request a interview with Deep sidhu I think hell respond, there several things that were wrongly accused by even kisan Morcha cause Sidhu had popularity and he was the only  popular person arrested
Thar set on fire, so mostly all evidences well burnt down..
Farmers rally......really??????
Modi government let Anti Nationals win .
BBC-Britain Bias Corporation.
Every country is busy in their dirty foreign policy
I think thaliban terrorist behind or all qaida behind or may be hamas
Farmers win 
That bjp minister's son should be arrested
India is Rejecting BJP.   
Police and para military forces need to use heavy blockage and fencing facilities to stop these armoured tractors rally 
please make more aerial view videos from all delhi borders
Farmer is lifeline of food industry
This is not farmers this is khalistani tattu...
Khattar is a gutter.
Moral of the story : Muslim and Sikhs will always win against Modi's Hindutva government!!
Pappu of now = BJP aka Narendra Modi
Should be the topic of discussion......nd 
This is called sikh
the " green revolution" is a fraud.
Bagat SIngh,....golden temple massacre ......now 700 farmers killed including the run over of car by minister's son. Wait and see....Newton's third law bothered BJP.
2. Msp (or minimum support price) was *not* removed in the new bill. Anybody can cross check this.
Incredible 
Overview nice video
You know there's gonna be violence in the video when YouTube asks you 3 times before entering into
Why are they scared their brothers have returened to power
Request to all the UP belt show your support to Yogi Ji and make him CM in 22 and PM in 24
Great salute to farmers
21:52 lol ....That guy is awesome
Leftists are spreading Corona everywhere.
Yes it was due to political compulsion...
Thanks a lot... Very well explained
bhute wadeia kissan veero ellection laro punjab thudey nall eh punjab cho gand saff kro
People of Delhi/NCR are suffering. Daily commute has become so so inconvenient, I consider it a government failure. 
Eyewash for farmers ... Government thinks that people are stupid coz MSP is not gonna stay then why announcement been done now? How low can this government stoop down.
Zee news wale ajj chain se na so payenge 
What you have done and said today takes so much humility and courage. Though the laws were beneficial, at least many south Indian farmers believe so, you have taken a huge step Sir by repealing. To rethink decisions made with so much hard work, to undo what one does takes a different kind of substance. 
Modiji is wise. Why are u instigating govt . U want to get the Indians killed if modiji declares Taliban as terrorists.  Your intentions are very dangerous. Think of the nation.  Wait and watch. You are against modiji we know u very well.
Ye aur corona failayenge.
Our India needs more reporter like you ravish sir  more power to you aap humesha aise hi sach ke sath khade rhe.
We are with farmers who are feeding more than 100 crores citizens and exporting food grains to many countries.
Firstly i am against this MSP system itself, this socialist scheme  looks nice to hear but we need to understand when and why it was bought, it was before green revolution when we were importing wheat. After green revolution things has changed this MSP   has forced farmers to grow only rice, sugarcane, wheat because state decides the price. Godowns are full of wheat and govt is unable to sell the goods
It's like Icing on the cake .
O bhai kya bole ja rhy ho ...yr kuch bhi bhai incomplete information mt do yr ..go for vikas sir video founder of dristi coaching..
Or jab police head pr nhi marti tho tumbi head pr mt maro
2) please use English scripts within the video instead of hindi so that pan India audience can understand.
Love you Rakesh Sir
Very good and detailed explanation
HINDU PANDITS ISSUE
Ye log yahi chahte the itne dino se .. kuchh na kuchh ho
Protestors do not have any work.
Watched this after repealing of the Farm laws!! Laughing my ass off!!
I support b. J. P
How u expect that private players would buy grains above or even at msp without any compulsion? If somehow u believed it the why govt is refusing to make law on msp, and implement it also on private player
JAI HIND 
Now farmers can't even protect . 
756 peoples mart yard during protests. Government should take responsibility.
Farmers Bills will not be taken back.
In democracy, protest is as important as oxygen to life.
Going forward government should buy more from southern states and then what will these agitating farmers of Punjab do.
Corruption has controlled in haryana
what a  liar!see his video on brut india...he supported the bill earlier..he is playing with people..
Black britishers planned it already it looks like
Spot on...
Pata nahi log kaise dhekte hain aise news Jo har bath pe jhoot boltey hain
Why courts were silent when hindus were killed during and after election? Why Supreme remained mum when pandits were murdered, robbed, their houses burnt and driven out if Kashmir? Judiciary needs to be seen clean which is far from it.
I've watched ur hist vids and its amazing  .
.by saying you wait and see justice will be done by Yogi govt. Let justice be given to Hathras case! A rape case in which almost full fly is killed and attacked in the house of justice. These are all bought by media to make statements but nothing justifies running over them and kill..
   c. Other than punjab and haryana no other state charge district fees and market cess 
Do you believe mask & doctor, government control system may safe you? 
In the civilised world, if someone starts speaking when someone else speaking in the parliament , they are suspended without any questions.
My ancestors are from tamil nadu. But we are in haryana from past 3 generation .I proudly describe myself as Haryanavi.Jay Haryana!Jai Hind!
This media and district collector likes to suck dicks of corporate tycoons and take it in their ass.Gand Marao BJP and its IT Cell bastards.
Police needs to ready their guns to stop that type of violence... Its shameful really shameful ... Those are not kisan
Modi's dictatorship is visible now,if you question the government you will be treated like that
What an explanation..commendable
Sare exservicemen dukhi ho gaye hain. Aab intzar nahi hota.
        by chance       msp    
We don't want dry fruits from Afghanistan
Would be better this congress goes to mone vart rest of the life. Its the best thing this haramkhor can do for people of india 
Farmers chutiye hain saale
Why our govt is doing this to our farmers
Action
This is not farmers protest , they are paid goondas of khalistan and congress italian mafia party
Senior IPS officers from Delhi Police should be terminated owing to provide adequate  security during Republic Day and failing to stop incursion during Republic Day.
Great effort from a loyal Dog news channel to save its master, Republic TV no body is buying your shit.
agriculture will saved from adani ambani ...
2. Does this End MSP? No. MSP will continue since Govt has to procure food grains for  distribution to 50% of urban population and 75%  of rural  population, for 80 crore population. Farmers need to understand the dynamics of MSP. In food deficit years, food self-sufficiency was achieved by green revolution technologies and schemes inter alia Grow more food, Intensive Agricultural Area Programme, offering Minimum Support Price (MSP). Currently, supply exceeds demand in MSP crops, including those without procurement, leading to market price fall. 
Happy Republic day.. 
Respect Humanity 
When ever  I see this man I remember him begging  for (him) mujae drug tho.noisy man
*LL PROFESSIONS ARE EQUALLY IMPORTANT.... Farmers is just like another profession. There is no need to put them on a pedestal. Some people quote them as ANDH DATTA & that without farmers there will be no food. and as such must support them. What if there were no doctors, nurses, frontliners; many would hv died during this pandemic What if there were no jawans, police & security personal; there would be anarchy. What if there were no bankers, money lender...; there would financial system will collapse. etc, etc... Bottom line EVERYONE IS*
Great work bro 
one side govt said that it is ready to amend laws and on other hand it said we promote this law by doing pc and chaupals. i think govt is itself confused, they want to promote that laws which required amendments, how shameful govt has no concrete stand on its own law.
Thank you so much, this video gave me a basic overview of these bills and Ive decided to write my thesis on this topic.
apmc will loose the monopoly of trade and its location but it will also stop the monoplocy of FCI specially in punjab and haryana and one more thing farmer can easily take himself out from the contract anytime without any penalty
Will the DK DMK ADMK Congress and Communists now take responsibility for the disgrace of today's India and take appropriate action?
Wow Now AIM says Intel had been given since last 10 years.And what Rahul Gandhi in Power ? Has AIM forgotten the way 370 came down ? Comparing Nuclear deal of Manmohansing with surgical strikes(which India never ever dreamt even with 26/11) Is this the same guy who once said that " Indian Intellegence Agencies are a Joke" ? AIM is a hardcore communist. Period.
Don't pay tax, these police shit get salary from public and crush public?  I have seen so many politican parties doing same kind of protest where police force would go and beg and do normal arrest. Police is nothing but a loyal dog to govt.
Salute to farmers from the first date...but it will complete after the msp act all over india...jai jawaan jai kisaan...
Gave narrative manipulators a chance.
Bangladesh parliament argued on 1 gov job per family seeing 4cr job loss in Covid19 times
This is the failure of farmers and won for middle blood sucker
These are just plain goons nothing else.
No Ravish  no ND TV
After 20 Years...How Come America Hasn't Taken These Guys Out Totally?     And How Come Nobody Goes After ISIS?   There's More To This Than Were being Told.
Violence is unacceptable, stay strong Delhi police, Jai hind! 
The way she explains is awesome, 
RIP this BIll
3. Supply opium
This channel is the kitchen of fake news.
The farm laws will become  revolutionary  for economy   like.         
---Annexed Sikkim to become one of its states in 1975;
May the good intentions souls awaken
Hats off to all the farmers!
bill gates buying up farmland all over the world
Seriously This govt has some good as well as worst ministers. Agriculture minister ek no. Ka lallu nikla
This idiot has lost his present sources of income . Goi should be vigilant to handle this idiot.
So protest venue changed to Punjab, sponsor is George Soros. ARVIND Delhi CM to inaugurate. LONG live George Soros.
The journey 
Police  are  being  controlled  by  bjp
Dalal Godi media channels, also speeding hate .
Sta some political person asked excuse . I forgive but innocent hindus people kill daily some political leaders .
Also this agitation has put economical strain over already cash strapped farmers. BJP played cheap politics over farmers lives.
Heartily,Thanks..,Drishti Team..
Imagine being that effed up... in your religion.   Woeful situation.  Not trusting your own women to live a full happy life .
Huge support to Farmers
Ndtv and it's journalists and workers have 
Boost economic growth 
I don't understand this,how is attack on police acceptable,r they not soldiers,r they not serving th nation as army men n v can clearly see they were carrying flags of khalsa,wht hell is tht,if u r protesting for farmers bill how th hell is tht flag with them,bloody terrorists,Sikh people showed their true nature,till they needed help,they were with India,now tht they based outside n feel self Sufficient,they r showing their true colours,shame on them
shame on him
I Hate NDA and BJP Governments
*Waiting for abhi and niyu's comical justification for taking back the laws*
There should be max selling price and minimum selling price in other criteria like ajio market (food department) d mart and  other things
Sir plz make a video on bumper production  topic
This police show is India democratic
Friend of ram rahim
Jhuthe log..... farmers are duing great job...
28 farmers committed sucide per day in india and people celebrate that  farmers won
Where can we contact you?
Unless the farmers are given industry status the big data to produce supply and demand, weather patterns and water available will be distant dream.
Very important
BJP government are doing wrong, this is Indian farmers not terrorist
No former no food
Why they don't cover news about tripura state
UAE is a goldNo violence here in dubai I am an indian but i love Dubai, rich lifestyle, roaming in mercedes , going to beach every sunday Life ho to aisi
We support farmer 
blood suckers
Wow reminded me of my group presentation back in class 9
It had an annual income of at least Rs 5,000 crore. He was a commission agent between FCI and farmers.
WHAT ABOUT BALANCE 94% OF FARM PRODUCTION,
India the union is on a dangerous and self destruct path under BJP RSS rule.
I don't understand what kind of government is this 
Allow your Pakistani Taliban to enforce Sharia law in Pakistan and rid Pakistan of the ideology of America, China, Russia, United Kingdomand other infidels....
Acha hyy hua guys ki yeh hua bsdk uthe toh km se km borders se guys you can't imagine that the people who have job on that side of the border how frustrating they are getting 
#FarmersProtests 
I highly doubt the farmers did this .. this looks more like a cult
Congrats Narender Modi, Your Govt. Finally broke the record of Hitler. Many Many Congrats for being "Most worst Leader ever"...
Prosecute the Kisan leaders along with the Nihang perpetrators for this killing similar to Taliban.
Thank you bro
Andhbakts should be put into jail  without bail.
Terrist the unha,, where is the police encounter them
These agricultural laws are not binding my dear. Read them. It is an option given. If you want take it or leave it. The honourable prime minister has told it in parliament.
India today news channel 150 rupiya dga
This is the dumbest prime minister ever seen ...
I met communist during my one Job 14 years back.. French teacher same cry ... I asked him why are you working in Private Organization..  2 Asked him to donate the excess of the salary he is earning to show the solidarity to his mind set.. But wasn't ready donate even 1 Rs. but was interested that govt take all the pains .. same is question for these brainwashed students ... leave all the gadgets and services created by these private companies and provide the part of your money to these people who will loose the job
We got to ask cong as to why their ex punjab cm  is now into bjp sounds rediculous
Respects for farmer
This is ridiculous, to continue with their protest , daily commuters are punished
Mr.  Treudo , primeminister of Canada  has no business to comment. He should  concentrate to rectify his ackward administration in his country  first and  peep to others.   Jai hind. Bharat matha ki jeho
music track ruins video
Guys please know that the Indian government did this exact same thing in 1984. Sikhs were fighting the corrupt government then too, they were fighting for INDIA. They were NOT asking for Khalistan. But the government maligned their movement like they tried to do with this one, calling them terrorists and Khalistanis and turned Hindus against Sikhs. And since there was no social media at that time, the public was successfully fooled by the government (Congress at the time). BJP is the same as Congress. Remember that in the next elections people. Vote for someone different than these two if you really want to see change. If you really want to see a true democratic India with a government that is FOR its people, and not looting its people in broad daylight. Please realize this before its too late, before India is bought by goons.
Please get rid of this reporter!
 Kejriwal have ability he already prove when he clear ips exam and interview and with isp taring 
For those asking, below is the link for the video, where we discussed the farm bills in greater detail. As far as the impact of removing the monopoly of APMCs in Bihar goes,  it did not have a positive impact on the farmers: Private investment  and farm prices  Below is the link for the 2019 study conducted by National Applied Council of Economic Research.
In honour of farmers:
Please sign This petition will be submitted to the FAO UN at the Rally outside the HQ in Rome on 15 Jan 2021.*
I didnt understand the mains question
Why subsidised food in mla mp s canteens  it can be avoided tn cm has taken initiative in this matter  all states center to follow tn cm
Muslim votes, if divided, cannot defeat BJP. Owaisi and Akhilesh create vote-divide which is a threat in wiping the bjp out in UP.
Bhai apna source toh bta de
BJP is for reliance and adani only.
Hello to Future IAS/IPS/IFS/IRS officer's jai hind
How you guys judge people without any evidence or solid proof.   They are not farmers 
Shows he is nothing without his father
Hats off to the never give up spirit of the Sikh people
Feeling a lot of Proud for our Farmers..
-> India is Currently #4 Global Food Supplier and wants to be #1 so Govt is implementing Farm Reforms on rapid Scale
Any proof that suv was ramped into the crowd?
They are not farmer dalal bolo dalal
Corona affected persons must be asked to caugh and shake hands and hug these farmers so that they can never think of protests.
Yes they need entertainment not just food. 
Amrinder has already gone with BJP.
You are ignoring the main reason of protest, this is MSP, and permission of unlimited storage, which will promote the black market
To have a comparison about scale the avarage size of wheat farm in the wheat belt of western Australia  4 thousand acres whereas 85%of indian farmers are less than 2acres
5. When members stood from their seats, the rule book says that Parliament should have been adjourned. The chairman did not adjourn the parliament. He rushed the bill through instead.
We support farmers
These are not farmers they are traitors .
you and sham sharma explained this nicely
Don't take away the innocence of the children. Personally feel bad when I see a child being fronted for a political objective.  I wish all involved a speedy resolution in the interest of both the farmers and the country.
farmers is best
Centre should rethink.
seriously.... jaha jyada paisa milega waha bechega..... modi is still thinks he is not pm of india but he campaigner of chaddi gang.......
Brilliant news 
The administration has to try certain things in the field or some experiments. then only you will know the experiment is workable are not. if it is not workable after having tested in the field , it has to be withdrawn . I do not see anyone victory in this or defeat. Experiment has to be done then only we will know. otherwise we would not have not atom or hydrogen bomb
I was waiting this video from tommorow
The news reporter has a cute voice! Show the reporter too
nice explanation bhai
Are today becoming farmers and
The governments of India and Bangladesh are trying to engage in politics with corruption
No mask no distance no control all state govts have become slaves of this fellow.
AB Tussi great ho .
India should stop helping Afghanistan from now onwards. Let people of Afghanistan fight for themselves.
	Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change
But their are so many thousands and thousands people who will vote BJP again n again and later those people will be fucked again by their selected politicians but those people  will say again "Jai Ho" for getting fucked. This is our innocent and nonsense public.
Juth
Such a shame that the PM hasn't said single word about the farmer who died during this struggle
What pappu pagla is thinking  a big win is in fact a curse
Thanks sir 
Farmers come first.
Human being Drinking Water from the Nature!
Protest against the government but do not insult India by waving your flag at the Red Fort
Only Namo Namo and team for New Hindustaan
Very good decision
Rakish no farmers
That Sis- fcukr has been running anti India propaganda and circulating fake news. He has called for global boycott of Indian products. He has even published names of all Major Indian products on his social media account. 
IS KISAN AANDOLAN  NE AJIT ANJUM  JAISA EK HIRA BHI DIYA HAI
Great   
We all should learn from this masterstroke by pm modi
Two hounds looking Asia will biten by China and Europe in gulf by Russia.
Arrest them they are terrorist, nabbed charged them. Enough is enough pinned them down and no farmers protest permission.
Aaiye aapko sir mai apne villages ki bat batata hu..mere chacha ji cooperative sachiv hai up government pratapgarh me... Aur wahan aapko apna anaj bechne k liye khud le jana padta hai.. Aur mai bta rha hu mere village me almost 150 farmers hai aur almost land sabke pas 1 or 2 acre hai.. Kuch 1 ya 2% ko chhod k.. Aur whi log apna wahan bechte hai..  Aur cooperative sabka khareed bhi nhi sakti.. Jiski wajah se neta log ya officers apne relative ko hi wahan khareedne k liye maujbur karte hai.. Aur chacha ji chah k kuch nhi kar sakte kyuki na koi fix salary hai na extra paise le skate hai jo aate h bechne.. Aur is kam me (purchasing)  me kam se kam 5 log (labourer) lagte h.. Aap sochiye kahan se paise unko de..khud ya jake bora uthaye weight kare.. Sab kam kare..  
I am an indian and a son of farmer also..I am totally against Farmer protest
modi also asked MSP as CM nothing  wrong if farmers ask
i proud to be a farmer
Modi chore. Basted . We will see congress will come
Congress bjp ka ( B ) Teem he .
2. If government passing this bill for helping the farmers then why government isn't listening them?
Don't mess with sikh brothers ...200 Sikhs are enough to handle whole group of extremists... 
Marathon video...indian polity....m laxmilkant .....per videos banao
Now they will charge Kissan community with many charges & FIRs. Will they think to punish all the coward people who planned 83 massacre, Babri Masjid killings, Godara incident & many many acts of gundagardi.
Wonderful person.
Criminal case be completed within a month only and capital punish.ent be awarded
www.Agripros.blogspot.com
Why isnt he wearing a mask?
It is a "BIG LIE "by the Indian state propaganda. The whole world know about the Indian BJP government's  barbaric atrocities occurring since past years.
*     ,               ,           , "     ,    ......"       (YouTube        )*
Modi Ji took more then 700 lives in Farmers Agitation. he is a Big Hyppocrite and is Dalal Of Ambani and Adani.
Bruh pple were protesting for milk prices? Tf is this for country
Canada is the greatest country in the world 
Aur aisa nehi ki Modi ji ko hi sab kuch karna parega. We are sure there are better brains in BJP - bring them up, use them. Make blue-prints for the future. Publish them every 2 years - show how you are executing & achieving those. Update them and re-publish. 5 years time is too long...
Thanks a lot
India should give Ashraf Ghani amnesty. After all he ran away with Indian and US money. LOL
Ye to chor h bhi asli
Most of the mandi under control of local politician we are getting a better price.:( I feel current laws new law is better than existing law
2) Abolish CAA-NRC
Mr. SANKET UPADHYAY when farmers were protesting you were not there? Now going there?? Playing safe journalist are more in this country than the REAL ONES...............YOU PLAY SAFE LIKE SOME OTHERS ALSO
Govt should have control on both APMc and private too.not only for these all issential things other wise only people will suffer from this . We already have real example of private educational institutions.
Roads are for vehicles . If iam sitting in the middle of the road then iam the one who is responsible for my life .
So point is :
Abhijit knows ZERO about Sikhs . It is clear from this video. He is just angry. No rationality.
b) Indian government (BJP) and farmers
BIG SALUTE TO  NDTV - OUR NATIONAL  MEDIA .
in India,about 60% are farmers, that is a 700-800 million people, in US, the number is about 2 million, 350-400 times difference. but US can provide enough grain to world market to compete with India's grain, with the same price, if we use $2000 a year (average income in India) assume India farmers can make that much by selling their products,  American farmers, let say not 350-400 times difference, but only 100 times difference, American farmers can earn $200,000  a year.  US farmers got lots of benefit from government, such as gasoline price, when US gas was $1.50 per gallon (4 liters),  price for farmers was $0.25 per gallon, that is 18 rupee per gallon or 4.25 rupee per liter. Can Indian farmers get that price for gasoline?? Gasoline in India now is 102 rupee per liter.
They are farmers who feed us not a slave of the capitalist.
This anchor blows with the wind.
Congress it cell is very active and trying to get concentration
Taliban have the right to make any law they want Afghanistan belongs to pashtoon Taliban who are Muslim, so Islamic teachings are their law. However, among the Afghans who are haters of Islam  just like the west they need to know if they don not like the law of a land they don not need to be there and they don not have to talk bad about it unless they are stupid or dumb.
Next big news : brain drain increases in india
The Reporter did not say a word in favor of The Farmers Demands only Taliban Taliban Taliban Taliban if Modi is meeting Taliban's Representative  then was there any need to repeat Taliban Taliban, was he BJP'S REPRESENTATIVE or a Reporter? He was also being briefed by The Anchor sitting in the Studio. If Modi finds Taliban worthy for Talks then why this Reporter and Anchor were showing soooooooo hate for Taliban?. And zero sympathies for The Farmers. Please be Neutral Not Modi's Representative. Thanks.
They are not a farmers, secret anti India terror maafiya activitists
Fascism is "Parasitic Predation" by nazi police state. 
Cease 7pc for 5 yrs all 6pc and retirement@55yrs in gov job , give it to 25-35 yrs
Upsc must remove ethics subject from syllabus. What is the use of it?
This akali man lost d narrative and lady also who walked out of d center in a huff and puff amarinder set them up well in dis fake farmers protest  what is akali doing bringing  in terrorist in these mass gatherings  u lost the plot akalis
Shame on, be neutral show the reality
But the facts are well researched and trustworthy...
Wondering what will happen to 370 and CAA
Why not in Maharashtra where farmers have been looted by Pawar and sugar looby
The 3 laws have been repealed, thats the truth ,   
Why govt. Withdraw the law?
kaisa desh hai hamara. Everyone wants policies which only benefits them and never the society as a whole. Capitalism may have its demerits but at least it gives an equal chance to all. Idhar tho sab public paiseis ki piyasi hai. God forbid any policy benefits others also, this is our thinking.
Jay shree ram 
---Tried to invade Mauritius but failed in 1983;
ROMANIA SYIE BINE CA SE AFLA ANTRUN DEZAXYRU FOARTE MARE NU AM ANCREDERE AN NICIO PERSOANA DE LA PUTERE NICI AN KLAUS IOHANIS NICI AN GIORGESCU CARE MIA FURAT TOT NICI ANMPUTIN NICI AN MANU  .TOTI SANT NESERIOSI .
Why are they hitting the farmers? Dont they want to win elections ever?
Yha bhi rate bdne ke chanse hai kya......btaye sir please 
Excellent Journalism. Hats off to NDTV team.
             UP      
Workers of the world UNITE
this lecture was splendid, sir you cleared all doubts our,and i fully respect of farmers and you.
Sir your vedios give a lot of information .sir iam waiting for next vedio
Promoted 
This strike is worse for the Indian economy which hit so many people
No vote for BJP beaause bjp desh virodhi party Haa please no vote bjp party
People who were saying why in India we are discussing about Afgan, Taliban and religion please reply. Request reply with valid points & don't reply to Shudir Baba, he is busy on making important real news. Here I ask you to rebuttal with me (I am free during this corona period) to wave up your nonsense talk 'who don't support India and Hinduism. ( again for you kind information I am Sanatani, and liked to be called Hindu because all kind of religious when mixed together it's called Hindustan.  because we are Secular.
We need truthful
If BBC don't know that these are politics by oppositions then better you should change your reporters. Even most of the common man in India knows that these are fraud dharnas. Unless you have a Moto to defame India. Please don't support fake narratives who are paid.
Bjp throw sand, barbed wires (international border type), iron barricades, smoke tear bombs but farmer will not stop we will stand for Righteous. You can fire bullets on us MODI but we will teach u lesson.
Wow, Talibans have entered Panjsher .
SUDHIR CHAUDHARY .....this video will remain immortal for his hypocrisy and stupidity and how journalism can be abused.
don't know why government is centralising everything
Essay competition...This competition is being organized to celebrateRepublic dayon 26th January 2021 https://youtu.be/Nf51hx-kwbc
Just these 2 states especially rulling gov on that states makes these guys do like this .... This is  not good.... Just shoot them who over throw the law... They don't be fit to be a human
Sir sir please explain Spectrum allocation and how it's done plesaseeeee
I am so proud to birth in Punjab and be Punjabi
Some People say Bjp govt is taking big steps to improve the situation.. 
Good decision. This shows that Democracy still exists in India. I really loved the shawl!!
I don't see why if the Taliban won the war already
Very Sad that we the consumers have to pay the Price ....
BJP wants to sale India to Corporate. They  .......can be do everything
 Religion or by Nationality, crated partisions, Divisions, Never cared 
Shame on you modi
How stupid. More than explanation you're acting joker.
I have been telling Indians .....Hitler-Modi Mussolini-AmitShah  and Ravan-Ambani and Kansa-Adani will eat all the poor indians live    so Fight and Fight till we send these 4 crooks to Jail. 
Go Yogi ji go. Kick out taliban support ers. Even tho I don't support BJP, I support this
In 1947 London high command trasferred power to Delhi high command. Its time to eliminate Delhi high command and reclaim Union without centre. Start civil disobedience and non cooperation.
Rakesh Tikait is impressive.
farmer not understanding fact that mandi system must be reform
Jay Hindu Rastra
Modi g apne aacha nhi Kiya..these are not farmer these are criminals..trust me .. situation in punjan is not good
ye modi pagal ho gaya hai,full support to farmers
Congress for your own good please make Priyanka Pm candidate not Rahul.
Search in this name THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT ON
Covid super spreaders!
Please add subtitles 
pppp news chacha g dlal 
BJP is financing Owessi - what a crap !
Imagine a country where Farmers who feed the country don't have their rights and no one is ready to listen to them and see them in what conditions they are suffering at the borders. Government is  answerable...but looks like this Country and common people are deamons.
I request to aaj tak being the Sr. Citizen of  BHARAT thart what is going on in the Rajya Sabha n Lok Sabha is there any right? to MP's MLA's to say any thing in unparliament language to insult our country by not giving the respect to our HON'BLE PRIME MINISTER OF INDIA and they almost Mr khadge and adhir ranjan rahul etc. aap party tukde tukde gang etc. Saying anything which they wants to say in their own miss language is it the proper way ? Who is tikait? he is taalibaani hese all are the enemies of our Nation and violating the law and orrder w
I can only hope india becomes a better place in the future.....
And most people always that ,
Same thing happens to ranchers. Beef packers collude to buy the beef a bottom prices
Chaval
Kshi v halit me Kanon  wapas nahi  hone  chaye   Janata  modi government  ke sath h
Canada sponsored farmers
Laws gone to cold storage,middle fellows and selfish leaders win against govt.
Thank you sister
When you are so much in favour of the 
If Supreme Court doesn't take a serious action. The way they killed the farmers in broad daylight in public The killer's are connected to the ruling party of India Then the power of Supreme Court is purchased by modi government
Quint isn't gonna respond this and report this as unwanted mishap created by unecessary bastards who are ruining the name of farmers instead it's gonna defend this action for sure now that's a fair media isn't it ?????
Opposition nahi self interest serving pvt Ltd parties just hate present dispensation!
I would like to know why some other people think these farm laws are good. I want hear in their perceptive.
going on at Global level many are pushing this Agenda. Only three 
Listen to the farmers, they are the ones feeding the nation.
UP is the real life example of 'disorder increasing overtime'
Shame India
YAD  KRO  YA  JAAT  HARYANA  MA  DUKAN  BAZAAR  LOOT  CHOREE   KAR  AAG  LAGAYA  THA
We care about all section of Indian, regardless thier  religious, cast ....if farmers don't want any reforms in thier life ....let them enjoy ordinary old systems, Let rich aadatia  continiuesly exploit them....but don't blame modi modi..... unfortunately a major huge section of farmers Deprived from these reforms.... farmers could have sit together with govt, can ask necessary amendment & suggestions in these reforms or any other bills... instead trying To bow down Modi image.... I believe this farmers big loss of Indian farmers....let's hope one day they will find correct solution... 
*Answer* : First, When Ramjanmbhoomi-Babari Mosque case was in court, then Bharatiy Janata Party had organized Ram Rath Yatra. Similarly, case is against farm-laws in the court and kept it in abeyance, still farmers may protest against the farm laws. A case is in the court about any dispute or not, the people have right to movement in both situation. The movement is a kind of expression. The people have fundamental right to expression according the article 19(1)(a) and have fundamental right to assemble peaceably for movement according article 19(1)(b) and government has right to make law about both fundamental rights according article 19(2) and (3) of the Constitution of India.
if he doesn't come it lost for up
I dont understand this point of govt should expand their purchase to more markets ... why should they , to keep buying more than required and waste tax payer public money , which otherwise could be used to build infrastructure for farmers, build better technology for farmers to use and expand their markets to sell .... already govt purchase has gone beyond their limits and loss to exchequer ... why we r behaving like educated fools and getting carried away in this protest ... govt should not engage in any business , they should concentrate on building infrastructure , engage Agri ministry , Agri universities and village panchayat to create Framer Procurement Organisations (FPO) and through them every farmer can sell their products to either Mandi or outside mandi however farmer wishes and gets better price ... its better to move away from mandi while making no impact to farmers and also get benefit for end users ... in all this we forget about general public who bare and burden ...1. Pay tax 2. Pay higher roll price for products ( be grains or pulses or the processed products) ... why should public suffer at the cost of others benefit for years and years ... when public will ever get any benefit .... let rich farmers give away their subsidies given they have better standard of living ... they way general public have given away subsidies for gas ... let the rich farmers help their Farmer brother who have less land or no land but work as labour to get benefit from new laws and facilities provided by govt or any association that set up to help farmers to produce more and get better pricing
Khud Pizza Khaye Tho Best 
This has nothing to do with farmer's protest. On a historical note as written in a historical book of 16th century describing the slave & coward mentality of Hindustan Ppl who were very much accustomed to slavery lifestyle & were oppressed by Mughals in every form. - Translated from Hindi ( Our job is to use the measuring scale for every day house hold goods, we only perfect that & we have never held, the naked sword in our hands in the battlefield let alone take out someone's blood in open. Even if a big bird flights pass us we get scared, how are we suppose to fight the mighty Mughals army)
private players do not mean just huge corporates , it also includes start ups , individual investors , etc , it is a spectrum.
Watch speed 2x
Modi gov't will be in business of selling agricultural produce door to door buying all farmers products at MSRP helping restore brokers commissions and bribes to gov't officials. Substandard agricultural products will be stored in the gov't storage to rot. Indians do not like change.
Useful information
Probably Mr. Khattar  havent read the history well and do not know the fact that Haryana was a part of Punjab itself....Now that Haryana is a different state doesn't mean that the farmers will divide their outlook unlike BJP government wants..!
the resistance will stay there ... 
Lol Delhi Police is so much coward itne darpok  they still darpok nihag singh ji ne talwar par cover laga rakha fir be dari ja rha hai lol  chak de bai no farmer no food full support  (jab hindustan ki bahu batyo ki boli lagane atay thay afgani tab be ye darpok thay Or aaj be darpok hai only one who is a brave who is a sikh 
Very bad , so shameful act was done .
Thanks News 24
Look at the prices of food oils
KILLED THEM A.S.A.P BEFORE THEY KILLED 
The farm laws must be abolished. The laws are for the corporation not for the farmers
Aandolan to super flop hua
A person who has been deliberately targeting Indian economy, spreading false news, is a journalist for The Print !!!
Those who are doing like this, stop to eat food
Misquoted Guru Gobind Singh.
Rakesh Tikait needs to be arrested
Jhooth
Anyone with common sense can see that the current system needs change. The current system is propping up the Punjab argri sector and giving them over inflated returns which is obviously not fair to the rest of the farmers in India. I can empathise with Punjabi farmers as they are used to this preferential treatment, but deep down even they must know this can't go ahead for much longer as it's ultimately not promoting equality!
educated young generationjust do not know how an average small farmer survive 
Stop adaniaisation and ambaniaisation of india.why this govmt destroying India by introducing such cruel bills and only concerned about gober kangana's matters.
BJP promised in 2014 it would be their first Act in government to Didi! And then? A year later they gave an affidavit to Supreme Court that they will not do so because thatll increase inflation! Politics? Lies? Marking a fool of farmers???
This is not good for those who wanted it.. This govt has fail in this..
No one should be allowed to protest on the name of farmers any where accross India.
You are very good
Sir please  make videos  on working  class movement  
IN OTHER CHANNELLS BAKTHAS CALLING IT OPPOSITION TACTICS A SHAME ON BAKTHAS
In the end the company earns from the milk more than the farmers.
Cause of repeal :- Up election
This is not the way to fulfill their demands.....ap railway track pr baith kr bhut galt kr rhe ho apki vha s kitne jayda train cancel h 100 tain cancel k gyi jin logo ko urgent khi jna tha apne dhuk ya khi kisi kam s kitne dink phle s ticket books or sirf tum 50'100 logo k vja s kitne hazaro lakho logo ko asar pd rha h I am also a farmer but I request to all of you plz think about others
Both of you are disgusting personalities
But no use atall for them. 
That is some dedication.
I get the feeling with your video that you are following what you are critizing in a way..please give more in-depth for serious thinkers. think more deeply about it for the betterment of society holistically,thanks
BJP was a farmer killer
what happened to modi in Punjab ?
Mandi baale to krenge hi bhandara inke liye to inn logon ne kanoon rad krwaye. Ab lutte rho inke hath jab tak chaho.
I came after PM announced repeal if farm laws. You predicted correctly. I appreciate you shekar ji.
Proud of these farmers!
Opportunist kejriwal. Delhi is now corona capital.. and he is doing this for his political mileage.. shame..
Tikait is onely bullet, gun is another and gun man is another one. 
China ki ya Pak ki jiski bhi fatne wali hai fate. Hume Afghanistan me apna investment dubne se bachana hai if possible aur apne borders as well as internal security  maintain karke chalni hai .Talib delegation have deals with Pakistan they are super suspicious
The  third bill is more dangerous  holding any crop and commoditties leads to increase in rates in shop because holder sell it in owns rates and then shopkeeper to people in higher rates 
2rupees message will be dumping now
Good news for the Punjabs, I dont support India at all since there pm is a national terrorist, but the Punjabs are what supply food for everyone, Hindus are the most ignorant people Ive  seen.
My Kishan brothers, kaho, LARKE LENGE AZADI
Stop your whining they're just upset they can't afford to buy the kid fancy car luxury house in other country and cheat the system when they get here
Ruthlessness is the key. Ruthlessness.
Real truth
I tell people don't worry about less food until it until it is in Mississippi, USA
6 month se khha the fake reblution na Falla
Modi is a emergency pm.
Another side of the story !!! We
Edit : Massive respect to our farmers. They have shown as what's the real meaning of Desh Bhakt and Democracy
Is this India pak war, why government is not finding time to have democratic discussion with farmers, do the government has any responsibility to Indian citizens
Or its just a perception game where mob mentality  is trying to protect each other.
A very good lesson mam...... Really very beneficial and easily explained 
1.Sikh and muslim can block road for year..but police cannot thrash them..
How i can promot my youtube channel .
Those women are not exposed cricket is a good game I played cricket in the Caribbean when I use to live there
Shame on the agriculture minister this kind of people are the toxic to the humanity. They probably should die.
138 Crore- people of Indians are eating daily food because of farmer day& night effort and hardship. Should the PM and CM's sensible to that? No concerns by GOI so far
Rakesh the cat
Jo tractor m protest kar Raha h 
Sikh pilgrims should demand a separate country so that they can live their lives as they wish.  So that they may be cleansed from the injustices of the Indians....
Sahii baat hame corruption rokana  chaiye
We break the ego of BJP government . 
Big news. Congratulations to all farmers and Indian people.
Strict action needs to be taken against these so called farmers! Enough is enough!
         But Hindus unlike muslims belong to the  Silent Majority so long the fire does not reach their homes.               80                           
You guys r just pupet of gov nothing else... Kathni r karni me fark h abp news...
If farmers are not allowed then to whom he was going to tell benifits of farm law?
Total solution! Is the need of the hour
AVI THOKAI CHALU KORO, DESHDROHI KO RELIEF NAHI HONA HAI.
As far as Im aware Murder is a more heinous crime than accident.
while keeping in mind the welfare of the whole country, 3 agricultural laws should be implemented.
India has none of these therefore we need to develop as a country BEFORE we can impose these on farmers.
Thx to u all team  of Indian express who bring this news on national platform rest other media channels are fail to do their duty as being fourth pillar of democracy to make the farmer aware about these laws
since all farmers r happy now and happy with current Mandi/system  I request all government not to write off loan or give loan waiver ! Clearly they r super happy with current system ! and its my tax hard money which is lost due to loan waiver
Whom you are making chodu,if there was no MSP then also there will be middleman,mandi will also give lower price than the expected,
YouTube Pls stop adds.. everything is tired..
Bro you are the best
Stop spreading fake propaganda
must win?
I Pray that India will always be safe from those devils
        CDS                         
Acting as B team of Bjp
Health
They have found a new way to divert people's attention. That's the reason behind NCB raid.
Great representation
The hypocrisy and shocking lack of care and foresight of the US government beggars belief. Facile responses to this crisis.
Wtf! Cops just run leaving one of theirs behind? If it wasn't for few of those guys he would have gotten beat to death.
Iam overwhelmed. This should open the eyes of all Indians who voted for the current regime at the centre. It is unbelievable what not an elected government can do if they have a well oiled propaganda machinery at their disposal. Add to that an obliging media and all spineless government agencies.  Hats off Kissans..
Nice, but we have paid heavy price.
God not happy seeing what's going on
Rsigh
And they say that Pakistan and Muslims are terrorists 
And when govt. Take these laws back farmers of india having a heavy loss and now they get 3 thousand Indian rupee per quintal  
Only punjab farmers are only lion, sacrifice, mard & bold. Whole Indian farmers accept Punjab's farmers are darpook hai. Bharosa karana kisi par foolishness hai. Pure desh ko farmers milenga but sacrifices only sikhs for  whole humanity. All good human Indians salute sikhs to think about others. Asali made hai sikhs because sikhs always sacrifices  for whole human beings. Sikhs are  God of the God's creation. Sikhs saved whole human beings. Every good human, honest, hard workers Indians salute sikhs.
Stop the  entry to Nankana Sahib thats where these so called rich farmers of Punjab are getting money  from China through Pakistan to destabilize India
Sir...you explained in very efficient manner.
Sandeep Choudhary  you are great and honest media I salute you 
What MSP ? APMC system is so rotten here that i sold rice this year for 12.5 paisa per kilo. Guess my state name ?
The Lions of Afghanis are inside Afghanistan. And the pet cats are living abroad. They forgotten their Lands, they do not fight and do not want to work to rebuild the Afghanistan since 1979 the URSS Soviet-Afghan WAR. If owners do not take care of their land and leave it behind, it will obviously be occupied by other people. Afghan economies are fragile because the most of Afghanis are living abroad.
Respect for sister
meri fasal achi nahi hui, quality me 19-20 he,  I don't want suicide,  please give MSP on writing
This is my true India, if everyone live happy and support eachother but unfortunately there is bigger section elite section who dont want that
1.Safety of India come first
Fooling people is easy, changing status quo is so hard. Farmers will remain poor and backward for decades to come.
Yes sir  V are with U
Lol these people are after the finest prime minister on earth... what a joke
Your name plz
Farm bills se Krushi Sankat door nahi hoga, we must fight to alter the bills, not completely withdraw an immediate solution.
This is really embarrassing an IAS is using such language for farmers shame on u sir and shame on this government...
Singur ar lokjon bujhe giyeche. .....Nano.... Car .....r kichu blte hbe ki... Jvbe nano k tariye unemployment bariyeche seta singur basi kno wb puro bujhte prche
2) Coco cola pepsi company exploiting water resources.
More than 500 police man have been deadly injured, roads are blocked because of this there is not electricity, supply internet devar also planning to destroyed the function of republic day
Modi BJP Government Biggest Failure in All Policies.
They simply wanted to do this that all. Thats fucking politics or Kuch nahi hai. 
Haryana cm had already said to kill farmers
So akali dal  untie the alliance  with NDA IF YOU ARE NOT ANTI FARMER UNTIE KNOTS WITH NDA OTHERWISE IT LOOK LIKE YOU ARE FAKE
Wat will they do to farmers 
Millennia Carta YouTube Channel has discussed the Afghanistan story comprehensively with quality content.
I live in Yuba City and there so many people here with no framers no food  on there cars
Baised anchor...
Does anyone in this comment ever read the new law ? Whats the problem in new law ?
I have sympathy in favour of whole Kisans but I never in favour of their unconscious lengthy Andolon.
Go.bjp.only
Jai jawan Jai kisaan. Modi became Hitler. Doing injustice with his own countries food providers. Accept what they are asking for & let them all live a healthy & a safe life. Let them go back to their families. Waheguru baba ji bless them.
Don't trouble the farmers
Empathy is what makes us Human....Bringing Automation in Agriculture has flip side...Are we ready ???Are we bringing new technology as a disrupt or or as a enabler....It is empathy that makes a leader Human or a machine with only one objective ...i,e, Goal setting is important ...what we plan to achieve with Automation...How we plan to do it....Do we have right leaders...to decide for us...Powerful leaders seldom care for weaker siblings in their pursuit for Ambitions/Name/Fame/greed/Envy/hatred/materialistic pursuits....Only leaders who are humble, have empathy, No hatred in heart, creative and constructive most important of all GOD fearing should be given chance...Leaders who sow seeds of hatred are danger to individual/community/civilization....As a individual/society/human civilization it is important we understand corruption in our morals and aspire for right qualities within and for our leaders.....Only Spiritual awakened society can sustain avalanche of emotions that are headed our way....True believers realize that and seek wisdom...
I want to tell Indian government don't think that farmers are alone , all citizens , Indian army , Indian Navy and entrine NRI punjabi community stands with farmers shoulder to shoulder.
this is not matter that law is right or wrong but situation of voilance must be resolved immediately.
India can be in serious danger. 2 front wars against Pakistan and China can occur anytime, northwest can be attacked by Bangladesh at any time, while Punjab (Khalistan) and parts of South India may ask to be separated at any time.
RSS is a terrorist organization
3. Opposite political party can defeat bjp and make own government
Over 4.5 mn subscribers. Only 13k views in a week (.28%). Even youtube channels have more viewership nowadays
God bless..,
If we still pretend to be ignorant of the SANGHEE PLUTOCRAT AGENDA of pushing the farmers of this country to a death-trap with the sole intention of SNATCHING THEIR LAND from their hands and transferring them to CAPITALIST MONOPOLIES such as AMBANI and gang, we are foredoomed to a COLLECTIVE FAILURE as a DEMOCRATIC NATION, which is supposed to be the nation of the people, for the people and by the people. 
No decipline only noise pollution .hmm apko hrr mahine 70 thousand -1lakh dete hai taki aap hamari problem dekhe .brtish rullers  are so similar 
Like the dispute between farmers and corporates will not go to court but will be settled by an Administrative officer. This can lead to favoured judgment as the law will not take ita due course
Did better than whole indian media .... .. keep going brother. 
Sir some people will start calling you Andh-Bhakt and Modi- Bhakt.
You guys are the best, but you're wrong about this. Farmers who supported the farm reforms should have been on the streets as well.
USA Israel NATO all runs and again we win war proud to be gazni Afghan
What a hypocrisy, false drama, irresponsible and disgraceful conduct for the sake of power by MVA government in Maharashtra.. Come elections and these Pseudo secular worthies like Akhilesh Yadav, RAGA & Priyanka are on a temple hopping spree  to garner Hindu votes.. Priyanka doesn't want to go to Hanumangadh in Rajasthan(Congress ruled State) where a Dalit was brutally lynched to death..They (Gandhi family)have conveniently forgotten 1984 planned Sikhs massacre where thousands of Sikhs were butchered in broad daylight..Opposition should not play politics over dead bodies in Lakhimpur.. Ultimately law will take it's own course.
This is a victory of middlemen system between farmers and customers
I hope Modi Ji Govt must withhold these reform Bills, give a thorough rethinking involving farmers inputs- let our Indian farmers not feel insecue at the hands of welcoming middlement/private traders to manage their produce - this will save the nation- will save Modi Ji dream of Nav Bharat. 
What did you see on the eyes of famers?  What is the different between bureaucrat and farmers?  70 years of independence farmer suffer and contribute to the whole nation.
Sir I am from West Bengal ,, Every year farmers have suffered in potato selling to the market ,winter is the appropriate season for potato cultivation .Every year farmers protested to buy their products and suffering a heavy loss to sell in not appropriate price .But in that time of year in  August-september - October months , the price of potato is going to much more high 5 times,6 times more the farmer selling price .we are trouble in every year in those times .And potato is very highly demanded vegetables in west Bengal in Durga Puja festival and all time in the year .sir plzzz if you read this comment ,,plzz make a vedio about it ....Thank you sir .Jai Hind .
Sher khan is" said "not "saying "word
These Anti Farm Laws should have been repealed months ago
Farm law repealed:- masterstroke
Kejriwal useless person just like  Sharad Pawer  never did anything in his  life  for the middle class and also for the farmer's  talks big  Pawar and Kejriwal are sumbadi.
People of this country doesnot want new reforms. Sadly we dont have guts to take risk. We hate corporates but want to use their tax money and their product.
God give you free food, water, air but satan ban everything from god with the suport of satan's goverment system and they give you education for, work that work give you paper money, if you have money then you can buy food this is a satan's way of life please try to undestand what is life....
Riots in Delhi, riots in many cities in the Netherlands,  and other European cities.    I hope ex-president Trump is not blamed for it
For it is my Fathers will that everyone who looks upon the Son and puts his faith in him shall possess eternal life; and I will raise him up on the last day  (John 6: 40) 
If you want to earn money. 
3 black laws taken back cause of upcoming UP elections
Allla will save you
May be losing all elections
Everyone is back in punjab 
That man who hits the policeman doesn't looks like a poor farmer...make this law as a choice for different sates...
So by your explanation there cannot be any law uniform civil code, population etc in future...coz all will not be happy ...this is not done sir...you need to take hard decision...anything is not 100% correct for 100% ppl...there vl b few...who will oppose and in the drama of samjhaing these guys 5 yrs vl pass..what kind of explaination is this...I am sure..once population bill comes...LEFT Liberals, 2nd majority will be up in arms again...Kaun samjhe ga...Govt has taken a bad decision...thats d bottom line...
There is nothing like farmers protest .. few idiots want to become neta thts all
Friend please don't believe this video completely. Please watch any UPSE EXAM explanation. The government had made a lot of changes
Finally 
Looks like all the modi loving bots and sanghis have gone under ground.
Hiiii Sir can you help discuss other such GD topics in your upcoming videos. Will certainly help us a lot.
4-5 days before they support the bill ......
I forgot they are too professional.
Who is Villian ?
India did not spend money on poor but focused on aggression, though it should pay more on its poor people. Look, this is what it did to its neighbor countries.
"Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh, Chandigarh, on May 8 ,2020,. 
Really amazing representation
If these incident had happened in Bengal or in other Non BJP state
Lets PRAY for our nation to which even God we believe in. 
Ye Sab political motivated hai Ye saaf Pratit ho rha hai. Bakwas
BJP scumbags, what do you eat? Sh@? Respect farmers!
The huge chunk of the food grains grown in India goes to PDS Public Distribution system and the Central Government purchases the same and distributes to the state governments for distributing it to the beneficiaries of public distribution system PDS. The big Corporates and other big guns with lot of money and power at their hands have this ever prevailing ready market and purchase the food grains at 50 to 65% cost of the Minimum Support Price (MSP) from the areas where there are no APMC Mandis apart from Punjab Haryana and Western UP and this very much procured food grains go to the central pool at minimum support price thus earning a profit of nearly 80 to 100%. If all the food grains are bought judiciously at minimum support price then the corporates and so called middlemen will not be earning much profit. This is one of the main reason that why Corporates are desperate to have these three Farm Bills to make upto hundred percent profit and spending no amount on marketing. A big question:- WHY GOVERNMENT IS FAVOURING CORPORATES AND NOT FARMERS. 
Crush the jihadi ideology which is taught to impressionable minds in madarsas and seminaries.
I trust more to you than any other channel or media person .
Simply excellent..
This guy is always against Modi. He knows the exact reason for the withdrawal of the farm laws. But it doesnt suit his commitment to the break India brigade.
I'm a student of class XII ,ISC.. THANKS
Good sanjay sir keep it up it will reform society
kam se kam Protest karke employment to milta with free food & accommodation
6.  The funding for protest is happening by charging 500 rupees per farmer .
It should be
All formers are Pakistanis siad by  rss and  modi bhaktas
W-Only wheat and rice procured effectivley.
1 First of All washout of APMC 
Imran kha se kuch ni huni wala, shame on this system, and those hu run this system
It should be made applicable to all such cases where parents have died intestate (without preparing any Will) from year 2015 onwards. This amendment must be immediately brought in this monsoon session by BJP if they at all care for old age citizens.
This is absolutely disgusting from republic for trying to manipulate the actual incident... shame on you no ethics no morals eat shit of those who paid you for supporting them.I pity for people who support such a shameful media channels sold and controlled by the govt.
Chor. Media. Why dont. You ask resignation from mla. But you diverting the attention of people. Wah re wah.
Bjp fineshed
BJP = Ambani Janta Party murdabad!! We need  a party that represents its people and their interests.  
Shame on BJP government
Thank you for the in dept explanation
Mam apky office may bhe aa gye hoge kissan apky sath rap bhe Kiya hoga
Godi media trying to protect Bjp
Khan sir jee, kya 11th ke optional me math rakh lenge to ham jee exam de sakte hai.?... Please reply
On field reports say UP has already swung. Bjp already know it. If this monetization pipeline nonsense doesn't work, '24 is gone as well. Modi and shah will not be going back to gujrat on their two feet if they keep angering public like this.
As a now 'paid' subscriber, I have one request! Could you cut the clutter around Lal bahudur shastri's death! It perplexes me on how an Indian PM was likely killed and no one wants to talk about it!
So Sad, I m fighting justice for Subham Mishra
Entry hoge jai kisan chlow delhi
     To this end, all the peoples of the world must unite to form a scientific, democratic people's political party, and by doing non-violent and positive politics, and form a scientific, democratic people's political government. And by providing  right to education, right to  employment and right to health to all peoples of the world, and if   human, humanity, human equality and human resources created, the world will flourish for well-being.
Full of apprisation
govt colleg to private learning oppurtunities 
First They are not Farmer's but khalistani then Congress spreading rumours of farms laws now 308 pak based handles what a joke!. Have the government heard about Indians chroicle's by EU dis info lab? Stop spreading polarization to win election seats. And answer who leaked defence  info to king poodle Arnab (whatsappchat)
Supreme court: You cannot block the roads indefinitely. 
Thank you. Very informative.
THE FAILURE OF INDIAN INTERNATIONAL DIPLOMACY IN AFGHANISTAN ISSUES IS DEEP CONCERN AND FOR FUTURE STARGERGY... PADHNA LIKHA   EDUCATION KITNA JA ZARUREE HAI.. NA ECONOMY.. NA COVID MISMANAGEMENT....
Its the middle men and who are protesting.
Hit them hard
Well finally repealed but at the cost of 700+ lives
Just about right time to make a video on what is MSP!!!! Lol, could have made a few more on farmer protest and how harsh govt is to them...
It's true that old law is not so good but the new one is worst
There just wasting more of their crops
Racchas niti ke log BJP
Bullshit to such ppl. Having the opportunity to enter open market gives higher profit, they cant understand this.
I support Farmer's Protests. I also supported CAA protests. They all work as Star-Pracharak events for Modi and BJP because these protests create a strong feelings of nationalism among common people (which normally remain dormant) of India and make BJP stronger. These protests also work as filter that clearly separate out who is for the country and who is against it.
Why global news not cover the rabiya murdered  news
Anit Indian's, it's very dangerous to india security. Govt should take action.
Mam it means state do not have power list II is useless
Ssc gd all medical fit candidates joining do sir ji
the Americans threw down their weapons and fled.
Earth shall be filled with the knowledge of God.
But what about death caused by you 
Due to dirty politics bill repealed
After reading the comments here : All agri experts have quoted the example of BIHAR where similar laws have been enacted and it has led to a collapse in paddy prices. But still the right wingers will present these laws as if it was a big ticket to prosperity and the farmers missed a golden chance. Such dishonesty !!!!
Great salute to farmers 
NO GHISLAINE MAXWELL CASE COVERAGE.....I WONDER WHY...
Thank you modi for gdp 4 before corona .sealing in scrap rate to his two friend  1. Railway  2 air india is in waiting list of seal. 3 sea port 4. Air port.5 bsnl. 6 oil corporation  of India  7. Defance  equipment  factory  of india  8 . Coal  corporation  of india. 9 bharat  petroleum  of india .10 food corporation  of India  11.shipping corporation of India. 12 Indian  government  bank   13 LIC OF india 14. 110 rupees  per lit petrol  and diesel  15 ganga me dead bodies  16 kafan chori at prayagraj  to hide number  of corona death .LAST 70 YEARS WHICH  WAS HAPPENED  HAPPENED  IN 7 YEARS.     INDIA  WHICH  WAS BUILT  BY PREVIOUS  GOVERNMENT  WAS SEALED TO ADANI  AND AMBANI  IN RATE OF SCRAP.   ..........(MAYE DESH KO NAHI BEKANE DUNGA)
Just before 5 states legislative election 
Kasht i.e. Actual Tiller and then take the benefits of Free Electricity 
Floyyd was innocent but these people are anti nationals and criminals who r disrupting life of common people for their petty politics..Shame on him...delhi police did a good job...I wish NY police was there
One point that you also didn't covered is what will be the implications of the msp when it's legalized on the budget of the central govt. and the scenario today when govt. had to buy on msp and to baire some lacs of crores of rupees of losses every year. There is even more to this subject that you missed.
No... Now I have to pay toll tax...
How cruel can they be .
We will uproot bjp and modi next time
Farmers are good 
Who cares India must evolve ,their old system is flawed, and weird,  i think this will open great opportunities for India
This will going to benifits farmer only then bhai yeh border per   kon haii???? Kisan toh hai hi nahiii.
Thank you sir for raising this issue time to time 
Fake news BBC destroyed Iraq, Libya, Syria, Yemen, and now tries on India.
If they have so much money and time than I don't understand how they are being called as poor farmers by media.
Very bad reporting
Farmers bill 2020 provisions are very good for  farmers, they should be implemented in all willing states  of India  ( on state level  ) ......in my opinion 
Hope to see them die soon with their families. Then only they will feel the pain. 
THIS IS outrageous
Koi terrorists thdi h jo army or ye sab arange krre h wtf 
Love you brother
This is a revalotion in the making.
Sir 700 people died, his party netas call farmers as terrorists and jihadists. Modi didnt even give a single speech sadly stating it. Like amarawathi farmers, farmers all over should start a walk to each and every state and publish about rest of laws, loss caused to farmers by it and fight till each and every farm bill is repealed. Farmers should be supported by each and every state government and help them acehive it.
Yh Sirf election k liya modi ne phir b vo harega
kejriwal is not opposition, he is bjp too
boring
Truly a boss Lady.
One thing is clear that the bjp son was not there, if he was there atleast one photo or video would have been there..
Price (MSP) of Rs 2,902 per quintal for paddy, as calculated by the Punjab Agriculture University, 
This happens only in India
Fake abp news
please read the laws they are good for farmers in india
Thanks honorable PM of India.
Anti sikh roits of genocide?
It's sad how America has the most powerful military in the world but couldn't defeat people wearing slippers. They lost the Vietnam war, Iraq war and Afghanistan war  yet they complain about Pakistan.
How will you be able to sleep , what are you giving to your kids - money from China by letting your own country down
Most of these farmers are innocent people and not even 10th pass. They've becoming easy targets for political mafias and money hungry aggregators.
we call India a democratic country and I feel today we should have a shame on democratic word because this is what is democratic country or what is inside the democratic country I feel shame on being Indian a country where people are treated in this way shame on Indians
Everyone's eyes are on Aryan..... There are only few people talking about this incident... Somehow, BJP has managed to throw dust in people's eyes..
       |            |       |  The traitor Wire
People who are targeting Sikhs when Sikhs retaliate than you guys hide under ur beds. Hindu sikhs are together in Punjab. Sikhs and Hindus who were brought to india  in 1991 are still waiting on citizenship and extending visas. They dont want to leave there business in Afghanistan and I can see some hate flashing in comments since Sikhs in Canada are strong. Dont hate but follow
All the bhakts will need burnol today 
Cost of damage to public property must be recovered from violent people wherever they can be identified.
Jaat ki tum media wale tension na hi lo to theek h
*Regarding farm laws*
Other way round Afghanistan would be more hampered then India . .. you are giving more then required importance to news...
Baccha owaisi converted from Hindustan to Islam
Shame on Sikhs. I am maratha and I had get respect for Sardar...i.wont say that after seeing this.
elected in  assembly election of Punjab  .
really she is suffering, that's shown by herself
It has to been from people and party who wants problem creation... Why agitation when the bill has been stalled ages back ??
Capitalist: contract farming is capital accumulation and exploitation of the farming society. Contractors keep prices low to maximise profits. 1998 deregulated Indian sugar industry did not improve farmers' income. Pursuit of profit drives corporates more than notion of public interest or democracy. 
Thok do saalon ko, how dare you try to drive tractor over policemen. This is not the way to protest yeh sab fasadi log Hain.
I Guessed some little  common-sense had to be knocked in President Modi's Hard Head !!!!
Its black day to the Indian democracy
Help the farmers...
Morality>Legality
Support farmers.They are the backbone of India 
You all are saying that opposition politicizing farm laws. Why why decided to repeal it? Does that means even bjp is politicising it?
Parts of the interviewers' reactions were so insincere by both Manisha and Atul, lousy interview, the only person who was sincere here was Rakesh Tikait.
Hearty congratulations sir
If the country has Khangress and TMC what can be expected. Added to this is international media supporting the agitation. Let them suffer.
And may be more capitalistic than the bills now.
Kishan is great job
Success      ,          I"
big win for farmers !
Delhi police is misbehaving with farmers like British police. Beating farmers for hosting national flag.
Worst pm ever! He has no idea how many productive hours and lives were lost due to his crony capitalist moves.
Shameful hindustan gov.
We need bhakt banerjee on the farmer law issue.
Bjp hato desh Bacho ....
*Pusa Decomposer: 4 capsules, Rs 20; help ready land for sowing of the next crop w/o stubble burning*
Gaand fat rhe h to ram rat rhe h     jai shree RAM
Chor channel
And they're trying to cover it up by putting media attention on Aryan Khan
Issiliye  mitha batuse publicko bhorkakor
Many farmers had sacrificed themselves for the Farm Bill but Government did not even listen their needs.
Madam don't try to justify the fact that the people watching videos are uneducated , because majority of farmers are uneducated and they don't even know about the law  they are just misleaded by some idiot farmers like 'Rakesh  dacait' who is the biggest gawar  who even don't know that on 15 of August is independence day not repubic day ,i feel that majority of farmers are illerate they need to first understand the law ,i am not saying the laws are correct but farmers should give chance to government to implement the law if in future if they are not benefited by law they can protest and show their anger during elections by removing government
Farmers are being called a terrorist, khalistani, and whatnot by these top-notch media houses.
They are not real farmers and they are politically motivated, and acting at the behest of enemy countries.
Please...
As a son of farmer I am happy
Thanks Sir...for clearing all doubt..
In 2008 farmers were protesting against government that time they were saying they dont have open marketbut now?
India cant do anything as usual it can just watch before Pakistan comes n bomb  India n it watches
That's how you keep democracy alive. Now its turn for peaceful protest against CAA NRC.
Indian majority national  media is sold off to government allies . But internationally the news is going viral .. says very much about the narrowness of Indian media approach and journalism
Ye hitlar shahi hai ,, boycott to BJP vote
Which tractors are permitted why others tractor intered in the rally
JAI NDTV TEAM & RAVISH JI ZINDABAD!
phir se evm ka rona roenge chamche aayega to yogi hi
19 November 2021, time:12:47 am,farm laws repealed still No reaction from Trevor Noah, today's date 21 November 2021, time:4:40pm.
Minister is not human, if he is human Deffenittly he will step-down. Don't expect Donkeys follow humanity.
U did big mistake to give CM seat to YS JAGAN
To bring any reforms in India a process of educating the farmers is paramount. I do believe that Mr Modi always thinks in favour of the masses and in this case how to make farming very competitive with bigger returns. There is no doubt reforms in farming is needed to take India to new levels. However, the farmers main concern were that the measures of reforms would benefit corporates and the corporates would dictate their terms to the farmers. This aspect made them extremely uncomfortable.
Sab bjp walo ne kraya hai ye sbko pta h only NDTV channel is showing this else news channels are REALLY GODI MEDIA
We hats off to the farmers
Now why are you not calling him DALIT
The recent kakulia , theatre road 91 yr lady death clearly brought social unrest in front public eyes
Very good and funny videos bring a great sense of entertainment!
Nicely done...
IT is same as NDA oppose Aadhar when they are in opposition 
I request  Modi government  take  strict  action  immediately  ,they are not  farmers   ,they are fake farmers   and tukde tukade  gang
Check with Gujarat, Maharashtra no one can by or sell without . It is crime. Mandi tax in Punjab is 8% so please do not divert and misinterpret.
Every action has equal and opposite reaction. Godi media
Huge respect
Sir your confidence supper for farmers so thenks
FARMERS READY THE CABIBAGE CATAPULT LET OUR CABIBAGES BLOT OUT THE SUN ("; ;)
Ya loog kishan nahi hai. Kishan ka naam par terrorist hai. Stand with India government 
Good start for would farmers.
And ou news reports are busy shouting on Rihanna and Gretcha Thunberg.
Thanx sir great information
Such act we have heard about , was by "general dyre" in Jallianwala bagh
Well done Haryana Police Keep it up
1:55 Stop boasting if you knew ypu should've told us then itself
I have one more interesting plan.
This only looks like some Khalistani funded group were carrying out some hidden agenda . People  are not fools . Janta jaage hain aur jagruk bhi hain.  The NIA and the CBI must investigate this in a lightening speed on fast track basis.
10 millions/1100 [taliban+pak army+general] becomes around 1 to 1.5 Lakhs pakistani Rupees per month salary. Who is going to loose it. But if remove the taliban amount then 1 pak army atleast getting = 1.5 to 2 Lakhs Pakistan rupee Per Month extra other than salary
Were is arnav nation wants to know
This was useful
Another argument is that contract farming will benefit the farmers because they will get an assured price pre-written in the contract. They say that this will give them a better price -  at least better than their input costs. Our economists tend to convey a sense that the farmers will be able to dictate their terms and prices. If that is REALLY so, then why doesn't the government jump in and write an MSP? 
He shd be arrested asap on rape and death in his fake andolan.
We Indians are very innocent that is the reason few cunning people are manipulate us. One who rushed vehicle over us, one who play their game in the name of justice.
nice nd informative video sir but...13:25 FCI ka kaam food grains ko store krna nhi hai..sirf purchased krna hai MSP rate pr...nd CWC(center warehousing corporation) ka kaam hai store krna grains ko nd it's function to logistics, support nd storage of grains ..jo established hua tha FCI k phle 1957 m...
Headoff   to our Indian reporter and  man .
Jai Farmers.
Knowledgeable n eloquent speaker.  U go girl.
The communal polticians understand only 1 ...vote ki chot do inko iss baari
Same exactly what was in my mind about legal services should be provided to farmers and it should be level playing grounds for both the parties.
USA Must Use Airforce And Drone strike
Don't worry we trust Modiji. Only anti social elements not agreeing
 Plz trust on SC
Chor  pr for bharosa
This kind of Minister doesn't have moral rights to be called as Leader of the Nation. It's shame!!!!!
T. O. T. I
Punjab mai total 47 government college hai and usme sirf 350 professor. and 11 government college ese hai ki jisme ek bhi professor nhi hai .
Option 1
Why akali dal support Bjp for passing the bill
Tickeat aur sab log jo rally main ayenge , unka alcohol breath test karke bhejna chahiya... Taki drunk driving na ho ..
Beautiful analysis 
750 poor meek farmers has brutally killed by fascist modi. Bjp has to be uprooted...
I love my sikh brothers as a south indian....everyone of them i have met were genuine, funny and generous too....their stereotype in that way is well deserved....i am sure the Afghan Sikhs are the same as the Indian Sikhs and hence are my brothers and sisters....i pray for their safety, well being and hopefully, being here in India now... I pray cause thats as much as i can do about this situation right now as a normal citizen.
Bill bhut hi acha ha
This is due to pre defined root. Leader has changed root but in this andolan everyone is leader. So govt. Should repealed former laws
So basically stockhoarders are crying....
They won!
Why police blocked the route that was given to them and also why they lathicharged when they were protesting peacefully...
What are your suggestions on Farm bills and Agri reforms? Comment below!
Farm laws would have been taken back a year ago  why they delayed this long
Rubika ji, you are becoming baseless anchor. You always target opposition and those persons who are disagree with govt. Media is to ask questions to Govt. If the agitation is going on the road, govt is responsible. If the people are suffering, govt is responsible. If any riots or violence occure, govt is responsible. All those are so, as India is democratic country. 
Live burning live killing are your manifesto. Kissan on road yours children in Ac.yongester on road your children on tour .
They are greedy middle man acting like hooligans
Do only Haryana and Punjab bandh. People are protesting there not here.
High treason!
She is a woman and atleast a daughter of Rajiv and Sanjay Gandhi.
Kaise rojogey hme 60-70 % army belongs to these four states .
Because thats what the Taliban believe in, open direct judgement without due trial.
Wake up people!! Elect right leaders. Dont follow leaders because you like them, elect leaders for their work !! Ask the leaders why they are not fixing the roads, not providing basic public necessities! Why the politicians are hoarding money in Swiss banks and how can a minister has hundreds Crores of rupees in banks?? He called farmers as a Andolan Jeevi and his party members called farmers as terriosits!! I dont think he is apologetic. He fear that he would lose elections
Give me blood I will give you freedom? Now farmers have two wings, one is inspired by Gandhi ji and the other by Netaji Subhas Delhi Chalo.
What's wrong with these host anchor
Enko lat maro, ye politics kar rahehai
real farmers are happy with new farm laws of india
Today India lose a war against some bhadbe     now I know how hard to reform India but I believe in Modi not today but some day no one can stop agriculture reforms
According to my point of view at this issue he is right and putting right point ...
He is damaging Ind for his own he is using farmers for his own sake anti national he should be in prison
SIR YOGIJI IS AGGRESIVE VEER WORRIER KARMYOGI YUGPURUSH THA HAI OR ANANTKAL TAK RAHEGA. .....
Madam aap to is admi ko political speech Dene k liye bulati ho
Farmar is sundry creditors but many times commission agent give advance to farmars for their house hold activity so his balance show in Dr. so its okay with sundry creditor or sundry debotrs
Somekind of foul play is here it seems.
BJP is Hindu Taliban organization
They obviously make us waste our time watching this well I trade forex from the comfort of my home with the help and guidance of an expert trader carlos_1uptrades on !G. .
God bless you all the farmers
Hathi pe na ghode pe..
White shirt wale uncle ko pehle kabul bhejo
Disgusting..those farmers are only asking for their legal rights..and if the indian gvt is not taking them seriously, they will have to do something like dat. This media is just like the media in our country..working for the money , gvt, and not for the truth..
Vikas sr is andolan pr ek video banay wo hi ache se smjha paenge
Police should let them go, even if it be an hour Earlier than the scheduled time. See their numbers! How will you control all of them?
If you want to do something for the country try to find out something better do not manipulate people's mind or find some good expert not this illiterate person
If laws can be enacted on streets then why do we require Parliment and courts.
I have problem with the Third point, about essential commodity amendment
They left behind a fooking arsenal 
The family of the journalist also claimed that their son has been shot on his shoulder. Means they are telling lie?
Thankyou paaji for showing this. God bless you
In MS,the farmers r enjoying the MSP & free Mandi's alongwith contract farming since2006-2007. U must be aware that western Maharashtra is having horticultural crops where all company's participate in Veg, grape,Pomo& Mango...People enjoy the competition & fetch the good prices. It's pure political game...Rice& wheat, Punjab & haryana farmers fetch the highest MSP benefit.
Har har mahadev  to koi bhi neeche se nehin bole reha..lier bbc
In Minorities We Should Be Secular 
sir my name is ramana ...i want make short film about:" raithu band"  i want suggetions from you...please send your phone number sir
Modi is doing this not in the favor of farmer but gains votes In the upcoming election beware of modi scams
Clearly it requires Trust. Farmers are not trusting the govt. They have very good reasons to not trust the crony govt!!
Saare a Sher h ye...to...
This farmers stir is an example of how the stir/ agitation should not be done  and also it show that without any backing of any political party, the stir is just a big ZERO.
Bill toh ache hai 
U only see what is written in law 
Very true news
Now BJP is trying to divide Farmers also.
It's wrong
It is a clear sign that BJP is losing ground in UP . Fear of losing UP election compelled Modi to cancel anti- farmers law. Jai  Hind
0:40 she is hot girl and sexygirl.
How media channels don't feel Ashamed  rab Rakha 
Why do all these correspondents all  sound the same lmao and talking about the same crap everyday.
Stool Mantri ko Din Mein Sapne a rahe hain
They don't realize that Government reform objectives is crucial
Shame on Rahul Kanwal for your logic.  Did you buy that logic from Govt? May be govt paid you bribe.
this channel gives me hope and strength. Thanks unscripted founders and members for this.
Revelation 21:4,5
Chitra g ap k husband hotel ma hai
i am now realising that i was very insesisitive to the farmers, i have changed and i am happy about it.
Clue less video and anchor . Finally explains no major flaw in the laws .
3. They are worrying about Adthi funding. How about banks?
Andh bhakts will also find an explanation for this
U explain everything in such an easy way, plus u actually mention all the facts which is why ur channel is the most authentic one, love it. 
This old men face looking drinks too much.
more so ever , more people who pay taxes get affected the probelm for public or private players but the consumer get affected
         From law of equality
These are few people who don't want India become economical powerful
Can we conduct elections every year? That makes politicians do good every year.
Election  is coming KD Modi bowing down to farmers. I hope they never vote for him or his Sangis
They only raised nishan sahb , farmer flag along with Indian flag
and for the farmers issue we all know that 99% havent read the laws or tried to understand how middle man agent steal money from the farmers,,but rihanna did the same thing as deepika padukone doing a vague tweet same a JNU deepuka..Deepika just went there without saying a word..god paid her money 5 crores..rihanna did the same thing..i think she is friend with deepika..same rotten fish..All this finance by bar dancer sonia
Jai Shree Ram
No farmer no food  please support farmers they are fighting for amabni adani will rise more food price if they have control on agriculture
Shame on this reporter....Eh guru da Sikh aa, tuhada gulam nae. Proud of you brother, tuhade warge laal ghar ghar Che hon.
Farmer  give coll yesterday Why people move out
The irony is that Zee Media is trying to bring the truth in front of us.
Hmm so modi bought supreme court Judge too...not surprised
I'm a mango trader(partially a famer too) and i've sold through private channels/corporates so to say, and i've made much more than i would if i were to sell through the apmc.
Postmortm wala doctor kiske ishare pe chalta hai ye bhi boliye
Everything must not be made an election issue.
If Dakait compare properly then, this fake farmers are like Taliban.
no farmer was in samarthan, no kisaan sangathan did the bills swagat. bitch is a lair
Dear Mitra, seems u dont know history of India. Let me tell u that Lord Krishna is also called RannChhorDas . He ran away from the ground only to kill demon Kalnemi later. So just wait and watch.
Thank you for Wonderful Teachings,Request you to tell Articles too.
America supper power ke name per dhababa hai
UP cabinet minister shame on you I hope you get a taste of your own medicine
Murder case should be filed against PM as well as we should ask him of 3 farm laws were against nation why did he waste our tax money to show off and pay for nails on road , tear gas and water cannon. Modi baba jumle baaz nahi chor Bhi hai
Thr most ironic statement of the law " The law is same for all"..... 
It is to make Agriculture a business
---Invaded Nepal and one of its soldiers was shot dead by Nepal Security force in Jun of 2020;
We want congress mukt bharat ....... terrorism ka bhandar sala congress
Most of them are poor farmers  only these opium smoking rich punjabi farmers  get MSP
Ye kutte log ko shoot karna chahiye. Govt should take serious action.
It's unfortunate of India that farmers could not understand their interest because of Rakesh tiketand other leaders.
Welcome to the nightmare of a One World Tyranny Government of Eugenics.
90 % of the indian cultivators are very poor not capable of transporting products to big distance so it is funney
Govt should repeal these anti farmer laws immediately
And we also saw how our PM Modiji's cavalcade was blocked in Punjab.
Yogi ji best only for ,up
Thank you for covering this!
Ek Side Mey Police dusri Side People of India Our Right To Protest
This is one of the best explainer series on India's farming crisis. Well done ScoopWhoop team!!
Why the hell would English people be interested in this crap !
Shame of BJP govt.
BJP people's are playing live gta.
Bhai up me election hai mahol banana hai
Go back BJP
Can this bill apply in the Philippines?
*Every protest democratically is  acceptable but going away from Constitution to be arsonists is wrong*
Simple h ...
Please stop the music background during reporting.ITS NOT SOME KIND OF DRAMA GOING ON.Dont spice up the reality
Why burn to vehicles
Don't worry Rakesh ticket yogi Ji Modi ji BJP 300 plus plus plus
Telcos: Spectrum available in 3300-3600 mid-band for 5G grossly inadequate; want 80MHz per telco
Modi is loser and liar. Modi did it for upcoming Election
I just subscribed by watching the Oscar video and unsubscribed by watching this.
Bababa pappu and pinkey flop show arrest those how kill car driver and reporter  put them in jail life time comidean pappu
Well,  the world can thank Joe Biden  for making the Taliban a well equipped Terrorist Group. A bunch of wing nuts with high powered weaponry is all we needed in 2021.
Govt is empty so sell bsnl, BPCL, now farmers toow
India run by goons, Mera Bharat Corrupt.
I am damn sure he who did this would be saved and his Dareness would increase 10 folds.....
Thanks jatta  u really helped to raise voice of farmers.
So called Farmers who are involved in agitation, those states are getting MSP benefits for last many years and in these states more than 70% of their produce is procured through MSP. As these farmers dont diversify their cropping pattern and creating havoc for natural resources (depletion of ground water due to frequent irrigation bcoz of low electricity tariff, and increase in water logging areas, burning of paddy straw, poor soil health excess use of fertilisers, etc). and unnecesarily presurrising Central Govt by taking the name of small farmers. 
Mam M fed up with this qst..What if they ask me about the instruments of APP...plzzz reply me
They are the farmers they have human rights
Bravo people of India you need to win this struggle, good luck !!! Greetings from Canada!
You guys are so cool!
Aur agar vo log morcha pe utre tho unke khilaaf nahi support mein khade ho.
Thanks sir 
Jury system has died in india. Pupets of modi are judges. No confidence on justice. & democracy
Kisano ko ab andolan smaamth kar deyna chahiye. Trust on PM Modi, he will lead the nation to high.
"Crack open the skulls of protesters," the Officer! 
Public will give Modiji more votes if they beat up these idiots away.
After 800 life's
Oh God How big is the Pakistani network
I have only seen this person who can atleast speak against some sentences on the government. If anything is good for 30 percentage then thought about that 70 percentage people .
Salute to Farmers warriors who are struggling for survival of 75% population (of our nation,linked with agriculture) from the atrocities of corporated politicians who are trying to giving control of food grains in the hands of some corporaters for profit purposes.
- Every PM in history has always acknowledged by being with the protestors atleast once. Modi called only Gujarat farmers after a suicide reported on 17th dec. Why Gujarat? Another clever move-a place where he knows he can buy supporters.
Live with conscience, truth and honesty and feel the Lord....
Public DNA - Zee news & Zee group owner Subhash Chandra's accounted for 8,400 crs worth of NPAs of Yes Bank........
Abh to lo action HM Amit Shah Sahb 
The history of Nishan Sahib:
Why government does not withdraw the Act. Is it in favour of farmers? Stop selective journalism
FARMERS WILL PRODUCE WHAT IS IN DEMAND NOT LIKE TRADITIONAL RICE OR WHEAT ONLY
Communists wanted to develop Afghanistan from a stone age country into a modern one, the afghan people said no and with the help of the USA they defeated the afghan socialists and soviets, the afghan people then choose the taliban who allowed terrorists to use their country as a base to attack the USA, the USA invaded and tried to develop afghanistan from a stone age country into a modern one, the afghan people supported the taliban and even gave US weapons to the taliban, which caused the US to gtfo asap, the Chinese communists then become friends with the taliban and now want to develop Afghanistan from a stone age country into a modern one, i wish the red fools the best of luck
Full support Strong support from Indian Muslims to our sikh brothers and farmers from all over India 
Seriously what UN and human rights organizations are doing ?
Farmers - the illeterate morons! Should belt each of them who are on road protesting
Very helpful sir, thank you. And any updates regarding appsc mains postpone? Please reply
Kisan Aikta Tehreek will soon turn into Khalistan Tahreek, you'll trying to break Pakistan into pieces but it seems what ever Modi Govt. is doing is going against them......
He should be blocked as he does not have a mind who can run A GREAT COUNTRY AS INDIA.
Will be happy to see these illiterates dance again on their desertified land in 1-2 decade. Will post this video back on their faces.
Too much fumbling...
Just manipulated .
You should be the last person to speak on national interest.
Why there is no mention of UP as its the highest producer of wheat and second highest producer of rice.
RUNDEE TAANG UTHAANEY WALA CHANNEL
The only farmers who are protesting are from Punjab and Haryana who are fat rich, many are having crores of turnover.
1. Swaminathan report full implementation.
They are not farmer, they are fucking ass holes who stopping India's growth by using khalistan movement.
Banerjee is bang on. Arvind is living in a utopia world.
nice show
Advertise thoda km rkhiye
indian army is the best
People hate lier media.
The Agriculture Bill was passed by the Lok Sabha and the states. Now see the game of this bill
Wow sir,bahut hi achhi tarah se explain kiya aapne har ek points. Thanks a lot.
Well... certainly the laws had some good points but it is the stupidity of the government that lead to this outcome.
UP should be bordered from all sides and excluded from India. 
You are the next pm
  !          ,          ,      /  ,        ,      ??              21                        ,  ,                   5   ,             20-20     3                              ,   ,        twenty-twenty                 () twenty-twenty  21      ,off ,,,,cleavage  deep neck                                                        
Great strategic move by BJP 
Now this what the national media misses out(unbiased perspective). You are just awesome Priya Mam. Finology is
The Politics of BJP RSS Parties which seek to infiltrate Religion openly and caste indirectly into politics to gain Political Power and to destroy Humanity Human Equality Humane, will never win. 
AAP: Arre bhai koi to School, Hospitals, Education, Jobs, Electricity, Mehngai ki baat kar lo. Saare pagal bana bana ke loot rahe ho. 
20% of opposition of farm bills won against 80% of pro-farm bills on basis of benefit of doubt. Agriculture reforms are need of an hour. Corporate seller and producing farmer nexus is important without middle men who eat up benefits drawn out of corporate seller. Well, if government took back bills in January itself, things would have been lot better keeping in view of beginning of feb delta outbreak.
Very good information sir.....Thank you...
Where is sunny deol
Please tell me please 
Durand Line is not in Quran or Geeta, it was drawn by British who looted India ,how ever the matter has been resolved . We Talibs know not to quarrel  Pakistan, a country who gave bread to us for so long.
They are not farmers.... congress has screwed farmers since the liberation....these are Mandi owners....and thugs. The reforms are good for farmers now and all the money goes to the bank account of the farmers... the media is giving wrong information to people around the world. I am son of farmer too and This is the best agricultural reforms ever.
Not satisfied with explanation
Let the national interest prevail.
Black day only for broker mandi walas. Real farmers are happy with the bill
Its is obvious from the headline who sides with who and BBC clearly is not fair and neutral in this case.  One false flag operation on Jan 26 to label this protest as violent.  BBC = CNN = Paid News.
BACK OFF BJA, RSS greedy pest or get your ass hit soon.
I think bill should apply to 1or 2 state to know outcome of these reforms that will give confidence to our farmers
See is totally unacceptable .... From farmer's they just try you do politics into the  name of farmers
We don't need farmers. We can grow our own food at home !
Why are the taliban winning? It will be better if all Afghan soldiers will side with taliban then once in, they will shoot the real taliban.
dont need that bill its aal politics , u are godi  media
That, I may teach my mind to only sing your praises.
India lost billions of dollar in afghanistan.  Love you ISI you won againt RAW ,NDS,CIA 
On the back is the market
This farmers strike should not continue anyway since it will have adverse effects on our economy in the long run. Those who are lovers of our Motherland should come forward to have a speedy settlement of the issues.
Middlers dont want farmers to grow
The opposition should hold awareness program at local level through out the country.
Maybe he wants Canada to be a part of India. Let's welcome our 29th state..or is it 30th ?
Leave this blame game , take a pause and think with basic empathy, what if you were among them? If your loved ones were killed like this? If your voice was killed like this??
Advocate ne ache se padhaya hai kya bolna hai .... Good practice....
Please tell me what happens when people/corporates with large money can store unregulated amount of fram goods and sell it at a higher price later. In one word stockpiling.
Indian express now should make a combined video of 1 year !
The three bills would free-up the farmers to sell the produce directly in the market, minimize the government power to regulate the stocks of essential commodities which includes various agricultural products, and formalize contract farming. These bills would cut the middlemen and improve farmers income, but, the opposition including Congress which promised to introduce the same reforms, are now opposing these bill andmisinformingthem for their petty politics.
Modi  government is worst than Chinese communist in the name of democracy.
Modi bjp. Gov shame shame . Bucher.. gov of india. Shame to modi.
*Jai Shree Ram              Jai Hind                                       Happy Birthday MODI Ji     &    Congratulation to India on 2.2 crore vaccine jabs today*
you are right sir from Sarso
BJP = Ambani Janta Party murdabad!! We need  a party that represents its people and their interests.  Ambani Janta Party is only working for Ambani !! Kissan Ekta Zindabad!!
INDIA   toward   ENDIA.
Sudhir sir you are my most trusted journalist but on this topic your way of explanation hurt me so hard  please don't do it sir 
Kisan Kisan India mother India women India Ambedkar India all all people help help help
The question is still open, who is losing post this ordinance..
Now make them pay for the deaths and their accepted mistake...
6. Food security undermined? Right now our buffer stocks are 90 million tonnes of food grains while we need only 41 million tonnes of food grains. Therefore we are already food surplus. We are now producing 1.75 kg food grains per capita per day, while we need hardly 1/2 kg (500 gms) of food per capita per day. In addition our Nominal protection coefficient is on an average 0.87 indicating that we can export and earn 13 percent higher price abroad. Therefore all the 3 laws are useful for farmers. There may be need for some small changes such as approaching civil court for dispute resolution, and these may be accommodated. Else the entire Act in its entirety is helpful to farmers.
mam u won this 
Yeh keel he BJP Ko puncture krenge . Aur police jo ik trfa rol nibha rhe hai us pr bhi pooch lo.sindhu border pr khud gunda BN gye Delhi police jo caron k sheeshe tod rhe the, medical team ko peat diya. Us pr bhi pooch lo bhai is gulam se
I and my family is daily praying for our farmers and soldiers...hoping God will have mercy
Everyday at night I always watch your news channel on YouTube keep it up and keep uploading your videos on YouTube
As a Muslim I fully support Modi for 2024. 
Bro whatever you created is good but fact is demand and supply always impact to price... So that is why we have forward contract in market..
Who wants better or best quality ? Mostly rich and above middle class , then Rich should have no problem paying better price above MSP for better quality . This way everyone is Happy. 
Ma'am write an essay on Uttarakhand disaster
We won  700+ martyred , 365+ hard days.
Bbc is the real news channel in india thanks for this we are Farmer's not terrorist
*They can remind today's public the pre-planned Bangal famine in 1769-1772* in which nearly *1 crore people died* due to famine(forced contract farming by British rulers)
Eassy on farmer protest
Democracy toh nhi indirectly dictatorship chal rha hai india meh
But I found ur video very informative.
Violent terrorist farmers hacked to death 4 innocent BJP workers. They are creating issues by blocking the roads as if the country belongs to their fathers. Forget it. Enough of giving largesse to these ungrateful farmers especially from Punjab.
Shud down bjb leader
Kuldip Kaur. May your fight be successful. You the HEROINE of Khalistan .
Soldier's job is not easy.....godbless our soldiers....godbless our farmers
Why the hell UN isn't doing anything against these animals...my heart is crying for the girls and women who are facing the threat of talibani's cruelty... Hey Krishna ji please come.. Here again, we need you.. There are so many Draupadi now... We need you krishna ji.... Our women's need you please come back 
It is because of AAP only that other parties have started talking about giving electricity units free to the needful people, they still haven't got a clue to how to improve education system, AAP not only built Schools but get 90 - 95 % results as well. 
God's judgments shall teach righteousness to all.
Driver jisne accident kiya , uske liye tho kuch bolo
3) Contract farming ke liye court mein jane ke liye bhi sarkar agree hey
Thanks for farmers news
It's Duty of PUBLIC ...To help FARMERs.... not GOVERNMENT 
It is actually framers freniendy Bill. New  law is so hard on corporate. I think corporate will not buy after  this law.
Godi media won't show you the truth but the Hindutva fascist propaganda only. Saadi puri hamdardi punjab day kisaan prawaan naal a. Prays from Lahore 
Cananyone share help for MSP
And on Day Of Guru Parb .
Some netas are very shameful 
Ravish Kumar, do you have any other news other than against modi media 
I have seen many videos on YouTube explaining the farm law like water with all merits and demerits and read some pdfs also. But didn't got any proper video of the arguments of the perticular section of farmers as mentioned by Modiji. I think this things are purely political and far above good and bad. But this repealing will encourage many such protest in future may be more aggressively and violently.
while the afghan women oppressed by the talibros and has no freedom.
Thank u for this too..
This is wrong! Ask the Government to get the 700 lives back.
It's a shame for the CM and ADGP telling such a big lie as we all have had how the police officer has told it's subordinates, " Break the skuls who ever crossing this line". It is a shame for the country and even the world that we Indians have made mistakes in giving the ruling power to such an arrogant PM like Modi and his political party BJP. He is going to realize what's the mistakes he is committing day by day by looting the people of India and hard earned tax payers money. God save this country from these evil hands and devilish PM....
Next Republic Day- Windows error
Well explained...
News morning moga city
Aap bahut achhe se explain karte h ..chahe wo technician ho ya kanoon..tnx a lot sir g
Modi government is a fraud 
These guys are haters of sonu sood
Totally political
The act was taken at hold for 1 year. And the central government also asked famers for a peaceful discussion but these people remove our Indian flag and put their own flag. Firstly i have respect to farmers but now according to me they are the real terrorist. 109 police works are injured, 70 are in trauma centre and 1 have lost his hand. What was their fault? They are just doing their job this is very shameful and I am to superised that the government even didn't have take any action now.
*The wire is the best* 
Really bad..  So much for democracy  and equality..  The gaps just seems to be getting wider
Hey Indians, Happy Republic Day. Bharat mera mahaan. New India of Modi. Isse acha China hay.
Singh is always King
Imagine for power what he will do in future..he will hesitate to sacrifice thousands of Indian lives for power..mind it.. Terrorists attacks coming i feel.
In my personal opinion, the preposition of formulating a price floor of MSP is inherently a communist conception and not at all good for the country socially as well as economically.
If PM made repeal the law earlier, Election results wil not be like the present
Congratulations India  
Support farmers for our future food at fair price
The MSP per ton is higher for pulses but the output of the field is very low for pulses compared to paddy or wheat. For ex per acre you get a lot more paddy as opposed to pulses (moong for ex). So higher MSP is not directly relevant.
Minister son got protection from Bojis Coward police.
9.	The fourth tense (future in the past tense). (Underlined at Page no.112)
It's not good beating cops but farmers protested so long without any violation or fight, neither police nor farmers are wrong the one who is wrong is this govt and modi
You can protest all u want. If someone makes it cheaper and better, u will be replaced
Very nicely republic tv journalist potraiyed himself has good in earlier times
Govt should accept there demands and let them go home safely
You have failed in reporting the situation in its entirety. You should have also included what would be the situation under new law. To what extent it would change and effect the farmers from those both state's.
In their 2019 Lok Sabha Manifesto, Congress wanted to implement these very laws, which are being repealed now!
         15          UPSC  
Sir , thank you so much , please make an English version as well,even at a cost of a sum of money ,I would be happy to pay for it . Thank you
Both leaders will act drama .
Shame on modi you must listen the voice of kisaans
This is the real face of modi goverment,  they attack the poor farmers for helping the corporates.
*It is a strategic pullout. Of course it is disappointing! But sometimes you have to lose a battle to win the war! 0.5 war is neutralised to some extent.*
Uprooting the fence or uprooting Afghan govt supported by India, which one is more embarrassing? Lols
Bharat jalao party politicians should be gheraoed like this all over the country.
This is not the victory of Punjabi farmers, its a victory of old ways of farming and old ways market. I usually don't agree with India's policy but this was something which would have thrived the Indian economy, Our Villages and the ways of our farmer sell their agricultural produce but this has showed something that farmers don't trust the regulatory bodies and private entities.
Why r they not showing about bjp members who died because of these fools.. 
Stool mantri sirathu se harne Wale hai
Let's make this clear:
Make Adani, Reliance and ITC to buy wheat and rice from other state and not Punjab. Saam, Daam now it's time for Dand!
Ekh thapad marna surt nhi ani fr 
BJP is ruling for Adani and Ambani how many lies they told about not abolishen .about GST
u shuld be ashamed of urself
There is no difference between Modi govt and talibans
Follow Dr Mahipal Rathore on Instagram - https://www.instagram.com/mahipalrathore
app police walo na barricade kyu ki fer toh unnona thorna hi tha
India is selling nuclear weapons to RSS terrorist or anonymous terrorist.
Modi jee exposing media .Compare same news debate on same channel from  last month to today's
Salute to them
Don't call these traitors as farmers.
Sab political issues create kiya
Modi Coronavirus BJP terrorist group RSS terrorist group
Who are the farmers???
It is a fake farmer protest !! Now it a time to take strict action against them.
For farmers their produce is the only source they can survive. .and the farmers should be left alone to do their work. .Why does the GOVT succumbing to the BIG PVT PLAYERS TO TRESPASS and create problems for farmers? The govt can make provisions against for big farmers exploiting small farmers. But bringing outside GIANT players will eat up both small and big farmers MORE SO because the Govt and Govt bodies will DANCE TO THE TUNES of the GIANT PVT PLAYERS. & the farmer community will disappear or stop existing.
China border te dikha lo jini bravery dikhani a .uthe tan sikh te kissan de son aage karte.ehi force te berigate  othe la lavo
Abey Modi, you pass farmer bill without argument in parliament. 
What makes people think that BJP did this? What the hell? 
With the farmers untill last breathsupport i
Open market is key to development of agriculture today
An excuse to become well known. He thinks he is very smart
Thanks sir 
*Why India don't take over Afghanistan as you say you have on of the best military in the world?*
This, not the right time pass this kind of act.. this bill pass by listening, voice viting ooy or no.. when some people, start opposing.. thay were not listened, and they were suspended.. 
This police man afraid of Hindustan Times but he loves Godi Media
if BJP will be in government they will privatize maximum government entities.
8. Mahila Voters (below 35 yrs)
Police Walon cycle kar rahe hain
Farmers from other states have never fought for their rights and thus MSP was never given to them in first place.Now that we are doing that,you are calling us anti nationalists.Secondly,we do have intelligentsia we are not fools that we cannot see the bigger picture.Just because the flaws of this bill do not affect you ,you are ignorant.This is real selfishness.
From :Chennai city ,Tamil Nadu, South India.
Thanks sir 
Why is Pagaal Reddy speaking for farmers? A farmers shoe is worth more then his entire personality
Who else is watching it after bjp has cancelled the three laws
Good information
2nd wave of corona 
People of Haryana and Punjab, ye bill sirf kisano ko kamzoor nahi karega balki in rajeyo ki arthvayevstha ko khokhla kardega. Agar kisan ke pas kharach karne ko paisa nahi hoga to shahar main vayapaar kaise hoga. Please I request everyone whether businessman, student, private employee to protest this bill as at the end of the day it will impact everyone.
Very good explanation.
Crush 5 people, get assembly MLA ticket.
good graphics. 
She is all over the place month or 2 before elections
this was taken out of context
Best explation of topic sir
It shows how arrogant is Tikait.
Only negative point
What other parties deserve? No party keeps promises done before election. All r jumla
Join mim feel the power 
Farmers are more than police
Brilliant storytelling
There is plenty of open land ...Govt . does not need to take farmers lands.
General Rail Ticket-One doctor for all patients (CAA, NRC,KISSAN BHIM)
Well explained.
This cult doesn't care if the nation goes down the hill due to civid. All they care about Is 'pushing their agenda'. Im sure none Of them would hv read the texts of the laws.
Lol shoshal nhi social media Lol 
bravo!!  The enemies of Islam are very angry at this!
Kaun dekhta hai re ye sab news channel news k liye 
Modi Govt. Is doing a great job here, I must applaud them for defending our country from farmers, corruption, black money loot, Note Banddi, GST, CAA, Removal of Article 360 ,370, Farm Bill , Education Bill, Lockdowns, GDP at -40, Covid19 Propogand, Poll Rigging in Bihar, Continuous effort to destabilise governments in Non BJP States, Love Jihad Act, Arnab Goswami, Kangana Ranaut, Selling Government Institutions To Corporations, Bill Gates Vaccine Agenda, RT-PCR Tests, House Arrests, Social Distancing, Masks, Curb On Travel, Stealing Democratic Rights of the citizens, Deshdrohi independent Journalists, No Corona and NDA Act during political rallies, during elections, during celebration of various BJP anniversaries, and No Corona For Upcoming KUMBH MELA in Haridwar. No School, No Jobs, No Work, No Plan To Restart Economy, Offering Loans As Stimulus when economy is way below minus, Aatma Nirbhar Bharat is ruled by corporations and Amazon, Walmart, Reliance. 5G roll out, Sky Rocketing Prices of basic amenities like food, fuel, and power, regular tax collection, and using law enforcement bodies to protect personal agenda .
There is a major global shortage of fertilizer, and that will hit rural incomes and global food supply hard next year.
Ab harami modi bhakt ko face chupana padhega qki whatsapp university ka farmers law gyan sab cancel
Very good  we were sitting and they were taking us lightly now we showed to them what we could be
June 3, 2021 - The protest is still going on !! 
God bless all
This could have done long back.. lot's of life's could have been saved..
Amazing brother 
Could you highlight what is black in that Law?
All because we have such kind of CM who is busy in changing the name of cities ....
you should be sackedfor trying to play down the many who paid with their lives 
Shame on you mr rathi . Where were you in 1905? Where were you when innocent sages were fired on the street of delhi  by cong ??? How many farmers susided during the cong rule   and bjp   or other party rule???  Why not you leave this fake intellegnce of yours and be a true patriot once in your life  .be a true reporter if not then leave this profession. Kabi t immandaar bano .
It has also been suggested that parts of anti brahmin arose from a perception of brahmin people as greedy. Brahmins are stereotyped as "greedy, conniving", without loyalty but "always cheating, conspiring and plotting" to subvertothers. Brahmins have been the target of harassment, bullying from others. Brahmims have experienceddiscriminationand have been victims ofhate crimes. There is a widespread perception that brahmins are not "Indian" but are instead "perpetual foreigners".
Why Britain origin BBC, in india after independence
 In the end, we can conclude that, 
*These are all only cast politicians*
I have watched many videos( not sugar coating)but this video made me clear the concept of farm bill and protest. Thankyou
why is the main clip not here? the-lal media
beta males , simps and  women are followers of ndtv
Elections crucial for them...
Modiji support fking corporates and the price is disturbance of normal peoples life 
Subramanian Swamy is disgruntled politician as he was not given any ministry, as he won't listen to the captain (Modi). No authoritative  leader accepts opposing voices from within his party, when elections are won in his name.
I am afraid one day India will blame Pakistan for all the rapes that are happening in India.
thankyou I Love you  I like you  God bless you all the best 
I can see a lot of comments criticizing government, its so unfortunate that they only know half of the story. I think literally no one knows why they are protesting ( the people out of india ), what government did to resolve it, they just want to criticize the government, just do some research on it guys before choosing a side.
Even Congress wanted to bring these good changes .
70%Right hai
Another nonsence by Bjp lady ..the police of UP is allowed to come to Bombay and probe ! Now she is saying Union Minister is not authorised to influence the Probe
Simple..elections are creeping up, so had no choice but revert back, hoping that people will support him....by the way, I wasn't surprised at all, as I was expecting this move....by the way, once the elections are over, bomb will drop again
Waiting to see how this plays out, full support for farm reforms and PM Modi
UP elections to be held in nxt year
Such a beautiful sight to behold. Fight for democracy & freedom.
not real farmers of india. fake
Haryana farmers must protest against this Modi Government.. TAMILNADU will always support honest Haryana farmers to uphold truth and justice. At the same time Haryana farmers must take care of themselves against covid pandemic.
Gaddars are always exists since the beginning of human beings
Cool content, I subscribed. It would mean a lot if you subscribed back. Have a good day! :)
100 assisted Pak ISI generals gets 5000 dollars/month other than salary
        duty                                    
Thz really grate
Thanks God BJP was in the government had it been congress .. inka Kya haal hota
No more ladies and gentlemen: Japan Airlines embraces gender neutral greetings; would study more
https://youtu.be/oxhQWmrMCbg?t=680    police shot dead 3 farmers - hit them with tear gas a sticks then disguised as protestors and vandalised property when caught by farmer union found police id on them ????/ government dirty tactics
But, I have a doubt.
This is new tactics using by Protesters from last few years that to keep women at frontline so that government or police can't take action 
Victory of 5 % farmers and loss for the rest 95% of Indian farmers
A government not interested in Farmers protest?
Today I realise that there are drawbacks in democracy and I realise that why china is developed...
please  please                                
This comment section is hilarious.
Where is the stone pelting in video no.1? Cant see any one's arm moving in a throwing motion.
Whoever did it....did ri8.....No1 hs ri8 to block Roads
Pakistan under cover news
Good one
20 crore losing jobs and 5 lakh 7pc worker , retiree  making sure clerk getting 1.5 L PM is NOT RIGHT , NOT ACCEPTABLE
It's high time people of UP topple the useless cruel govt and elect someone new.
        !Zee News, Aaj Tak, Republic Bharat, TV9 Bharat, News Nation, News18India, Sudharshan News, ABP News etc.
Bloody fool blind sold reporter
Election ka side effects 
Now, Farmers will enjoy their luxurious life as before when this law was not there.  Gold ki roti khayenge, fasal to crores m bikengi and saare kisan sampann ho jayenge
The global left wing agenda! And after all this ruckus nothing happens. Farm law are still there btw!!
They pollute choking India,
India got PLAYED like a fiddle... I can't stop laughing 
Indian pm deserves Oscar (his acting level )
I support farmers .....from Canada
Terrorist group RSS murdabad
Is BJP behaving like an elected government or is it behaving like one that came to power in a coup. Detaining someone for 59 hours without producing before the Magistrate ! Is political functioning illegal in this country? What an heinous crime they have done. BJP should learn basic sensibilities and essence of life from animals at least
Trudeau refused to be bullied by their scare tactics. Respect!
Everyone need peaceful life with a family.....
Republic TV shld nt b partial since u r indirectly supporting the central govt.
That's how to bring down an arrogant government, you have to make a sacrifice and farmers did so well. Well done
I wai this day alternative says that I wait which day india should be good humanity country also people are well mannered.
If you are taking  medicine & body care , exercise, control food or nothing you take also you have to be dead in a time he decided please remember and realize this!
i need a coffee .. Rebecca!! maybe some toast too. Rebecca!!
You would not know that these perpetrators in large numbers were denied visas during the last one month and now they cannot come to India any longer after the cancellation of their OCI. THIS IS a major victory for the GOI and in the coming days only its effect will be felt, because these are the persons  holding huge acres of land in india in benami names  ( mostly in Punjab, Haryana). When they cannot come back to India, their land-holding will eventually be taken over by their benamis in  India, because these perpetrators cannot come back to India who are mostly in Canada, U S, UK, NZ, and Australia.
Learn a lot from this video
Thailand
Wow what a great democratic country India is....such a shame to that IAS officer...is he serving to his country or politicians...
TRUE INFORMATION,
I like how nobody is talking about that dhruv always speaks against BJP and always speaks in favour of AAP.... appreciated 
We want Justice
Indian media: I pretend I didn't see that.
This is not real, they have cut the parts in between the whole video. Watch full video.
Election ah gaya tho budda modi tv ke samne aaya .......bolne laga farmers 3 law vaapas le liya.  Modi you brought lot of damage to our farmers and their families .idiot we know that you are only doing for election and not for the farmers.such a shameless PM. Ab tho yeh  world tour bandh karo.Jab supreme court ne vaccination ke budget amout (36000 crore) ke bare mein poocha ...to yeh budda ke paas jawab nahi tha suddenly yeh janab  tv ke samne aur bola mupt vaccine for 18 above. Now next isto protest against the #petroldieselgaspriceshike.
SC - Farmers are doing everything which is unacceptable but SC is saying that we will not evict them, we won't follow our own judgement given in the Shaheen Bagh Case "You could block the road if the protest is spontaneous but you cannot cause inconvenience to the larger public by blocking roads for long time". Kudos to the judiciary, tarnishing its own image under the light of its own judgement.
I support the farm laws.
 2. i met some farmers nearby my house and they said ye cheez se dikkat unhi ko hogi na jo paise khaenge...farmers ko sahi se samjhaya hota to unhe merits samajh aata but unhe evil minds hi agar samjhaenge to ye hi sab hoga na !
Based on MOS Son's mobile location which clearly shows he was present at that location of attack on farmers is enough evidence to arrest that person, see how they were openly threatening the farmers...
I love Indian farmers!
This kind of manipulate of video don't suit a news agency.
Fantastic farmers  
sir your lectures are more interesting than movie.
Rakesh Tikait's black money to be investigated. 
They cannot nothing to china.
Godi media hesitating to show truth
In sab ke beech el chiz aachi thi.... 
Police's action against farmers make them more aggressive. So stay back. And it's a warning to the modi.
Fools do not have religion, party, ethnicity ....!! R.I.P for those who lost their lives!!
Waah good from now on in india commit any crime say that you are farmer, they wont arrest you even though if they arrest contact tikait offer him a good amount he will come with his protest gang and will make you get released without even going to court,from now i guess this trend will continue and even rakesh tikait will. Make it as a business as he is earning good amount
It's been a year
                       ()            according to his Nature
Mithilesh
0:13 1000 subs in 2 days for 15usd whatsapp +79671570581
Desh ke chor h
 comment came from a rowdy immoral naughty exasperating kid and clarification came from a very gentle obedient studious boy ... 
It's legit..so coherent..Uttar Pradesh 2020 election nearing, and he just wanna become an contender milking this protest..he got massive support whatsoever from the clan supports him.. secondly he is challenging govt being totally wrong ..ittne saal se issne khud kisano ki khoon chusa hain..
Simple question.. If india has so much of grain surplus.. Why can't get it export it.. I understand most of the countries are self sufficient.. But still we do export wheat and paddy to some of the countries..so we can try and find the wider market
Always fan of the  way you teaching 
Once again Punjab saved Indian democracy.  Wake up lazy Middle class.
Keep doing! Much appreciated! 
I was also proud of yu Kangana but saying that women are available for 100 reduced your image in my mind .
Give it to kisaan in writing make a bill .word of mouth is not good enough
Same did government with 370 and 35a for its power  to make rest of Indian citizens fools
These are anti social elements not farmers... funded by congress party and communists , pakistan and china
But nowhere in the world any government gives or even assures minimum prices for any thing you make ( non agriculture ) so why should farmers get that benefit. Why are farmers growing wheat which is of lower variety just because they are assured of a price even for bad quality. Because the first buyer need to give pan number to the farmer/government  and then the black economy  presently booming due to.misuse of agriculture income.
'Pehele toh marte ho phir,treatment bi kerbate ho' itna act kerne kya jruri hain
Nice to see, some one is fighting for the nation and farmers.
World Athletics paves way for inclusion of 'innovative' formats at Olympics, World Championships
Which farmer alliance support these suspicious laws?
I thought this press conference was to change the name of farmers
Jhuthe ho tum 15 lac dene wale prime minister thori si to saram kro.
Who is Rakesh tekayet ?
You Libreals dont understand anything. First of all the farmers are using this as a chance to revolt against the state picking up the Idea of Sikh independence. This is a notion of uneducated people. There is no evidence that big corporations will make the farmers loose money. Why dont you actually discuss that and the reason they are protesting. They are killing people
Politics won 
Nice information sir. Thanks so much..
Thenk  mode
The issue is not just related to MSP. It is something deeply rooted in what economists have been debating for more than 2 decades. Most of the Indian farmers own 2 acres or less agricultural land. There is no way you can improve the standard of living for these farmers if they work on farm alone. The MSP system coupled with the food subsidies help these farmers just survive nothing more. Economists want Indian government to push these low acreage farmers out of farms and work into manufacturing and services sectors be it as a labourer in the upcoming factories being moved from China. It hard to say who is being adamant here, these farmers with a very low farm holding who will never be able to improve their standard of living with farming or the government that thinks moving them out of the farm will somehow accelerate the pace of manufacturing in India. This is a problem where no one is wrong eventually and no one is right.
Thank you much sir for cleared my doubts that I didn't understand while reading.
Great salute great reporting all reports  JAI JAWAN JAI KISAAN 
2. (b) Largest foodgrain producing state is Uttar Pradesh and Karnataka is the largest maize producing state.
I watched patiently 5:00 min for him to explain the reasons and still he has not explained it.  Lets get this straight Punjabi/Haryanvi farmers are the biggest beneficiaries of MSP. Its a previlige and maybe due to policital reasons. How come we dont see other farmers from different up in arms ? Secondly, the ecommonic commodities act is anachronistic law from 1960s and 1970s. It does not allow anyone to stock on certain essential items. Removing this law will allow entites like wholesale dealers to stock up and help in price fluctuations like in onions and potatoes. There is nothing wrong with this from an economic efficiency point of view.  As Rumi said...this too shall pass.
USA is random civilized for 200 million people if they still are. They wont miss a certain  numbers of items on shelves, random.
As usual Indian Police's same cinematic reasoning. Shame on Haryana Police.
Thx for this concept clarity...
Funny this not make western news. India need a new government so corrupt.
Police will take strict action against road barriier person
Fraud fellow Rakesh T property values are more than 5000 crores.
The protest is not abt bills.
No farmer no food.......jai hind
Huh... So you remember when Modi was praised as fighting for the people of India, like Trump? Lol
That's why election is so much important in India
Just just end monoculture of one type of crops. It's doing global warming and climate change
It is not farmers protest
Tariq date is on the mission to scare India. Hahaha
 BKU (Bhartiya Kisan Union) ye ek Congress Supporters/Wing Union h jo protest kar rahi hai. Aur iss BKU ne hi March 2019 me tweet krke ye Law naa lane ke liye GOI ko criticise kiya tha.
Chitra Tripathi bala vedio chalao ...   Kaise News chalate ho ... Achi news dikhate nahi
this bill has many negative externalities and does not serve public good or the interest of the public. Infact, it encourages monopolization of perfectly competitive markets, which naturally leads to inefficiencies. and discourages innovation.. thats why in most countries monopolies are illegal...not sure why India is stepping away from free markets to a monopolized system?
Shame for modi govt
Since nov this protests have been ongoing who is funding them with air conditioned tents for tiket and dancebar like atmosphere? Thr pictures are out so HT show both sifes of the coin and please stop your biased shit.
farmers with weapons?????
Whether we agree or not with the laws, the presentation is superb.
Please realize what is human knowledge limit????
Listen to  the Colin Gonsalves, Senior Advocate of the Supreme Court of India and the founder of Human Rights Law Network....This Bill Is unfair to farmers and is a  fight is for the HEART and SOUL of India.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eWqRR7DMyo
They want to run the government of India from the tents on the roads delhi borders
Tamils will support the struggle
Just get off you
Share this video as more as possible on every channel and social media.
Shame on you zee news 
IAS interview- if such situation come, I will ask police to consider max restraint. Will talk to the leaders of protestors, Use non lethal ways like water cannon etc etc
What a victory
All this optics by taliban... lol
I think media need to asked them what problem are they facing? How can be problem faced ?
We should proud of our soldiers 
Ye polich ki chal hai
Today congress is trying to be so aggressive on farm bill. 
 In India there is a huge - other, a boogie, made of all the others cannot be strictly classified as belonging to one religion that is the "Hindu boogie". That is an artificial enemy usually even 'intellectuals' take on! The colonial British took lot of effort  to construct such a intimate enemy for all Indians even for Hindus, as, caste matters ritually more than religion as it is actually absent. 
A control over the prices of essential food items, especially before critical elections, could give a king maker's handle to the big corporates, especially those operating in many verticals that impact the common man.
Good explanation....With all examples and small images I got a clarity about what you are explaining...
Blind and dirty  politics  ..... why always innocent  people will get killed???  We are with you brothers 
great and crisp vedio keep it up.
The media will never cover the full story... Just the clash... Never the pains of the farmers, old, young, men, women, every farmer is there..... Who likes to be violently splashed with cold water in winters??? Not me !!not these farmers!! These are poor people who just realised their power and right in unity....!! May God help them  fulfilling their noble..... purpose!!
once S S in GERMANY  -R S S  in INDIA
This time neither Russia nor Iran will support Northern Alliance however if India or Modi dare to fight this war lonely the consequences would be very harsh for India.
I support farmers but at the same time I respect police 
You make large statement!  You do not want  reform to happen.  You just want to sabotage efforts of the Government.  The high and mighty section do not need this reform.  It is the marginal, poor farmer who is crushed under the current pattern.
This protest was for the Arihants who were the via media for the farmers who made their money making networks for themselves and actually made Cartels to squeeze the farmer. God help them. Only Punjab will have Mandis the rest of the state's will move on.
Actually this bill is very good for the farmers in future...why they can't understand the fact...!!
Love from Multan city, Punjab pakistan 
Best analysis which no one tells!
Iska welcome egg aur tomatto se hona chahiye
Corporated govt murdabaad
Conclusion: US defeated by a terror group that is obviously raised by US themselves for their evil intentions. Karma hit back really hard for 
Nighat ji aap realy dashing ho.
Every one new the result ( it was only to waste kisans time )
Every audio is very helpful
are you kidding me... Aye!! My classroom monitor was selected in more democratic way.
Sir please FB page    
Time line 4:46, what are the possible mechanisms which can improve indain agricultural. Sir plz make a video on that. This is present issue of country.
the man looks all beaten
RunDTV always supports riots and protests. Its not farmers protest its middlemen fighting to save their commission which they steal from the farmers
Where are the women and children?   Why should Americans fight along side these cowards..
You are really lado Rani,not a duplicate filmy one.kudos
Arrest them...if they want to be arrested..fulfil their wishes...
It sad that those who hardly know anything about agriculture preach and make policy about agriculture
                    'I hate politics.' 
Bilkul sahi. Kisan must reunite prepare and fight a final war against this arrogant government of two gundas
Look at the Indian police I think they cant even run if Priyanka challenge them to run even for half a kilometre
There is huge difference between KHALSA and KHALISTAN. Please don't believe such hated news and tweets 
This is generall explanation tho, for deep understanding read bills carefully.
America me bhi 3 Laws bhi nhi the
2. Indian Muslim and Sikhs can stop India to become hindu rastra
Mia Khalifa farmer University ravish dalla professor
Wow, nice idea, get crushed by Minister's vehicle & get a government job.
Modi lost his game.
Vice : those who attacked red fort are farmer's 
Failures are stepping stone for success. Keep talking. Do not counter attack. People are with farmers. Not with government. Give up your Herculean Ego and accept the demands of farmers. People will give you 3rd term.
Not a sign of good governance.!
In Panjab, we Panjibs do not get hired, only non-Panjabis get hired. So when we no longer have farms, where on earth shall weve working? How shall we eat????
My uncle is also farmer but he's not involved in this shitty protest 
Chudwa rhe ho chodi media. Tum chudwate hue thakte kyu nhi ho. Kaunsa tonic lete ho.
She is responsible for this.
Great decision, it takes a great leader to be humble and listen to his people. Thank you Modiji! 
Mindblowing decision               ,     ,     
This video says a lot
All walks of country people are suffering today no development since these farmers daliths one Aim is to loot and chor Congressi. No one will vote
A victory to Humanity who could see Mr Modi was working for company profits with an agenda
After my college I will also make like him .He is brave as 1 man army in front of whole party
Boycott Karachi bollywoood first of all boycott Karachi congress hinduo warna haalat bahot burey honewalay hai..
Now no class 12 1st boy / girl will take up MBBS
-From you neighbor
Thank you so much sir .It help me a lot 
In India Physically Handicapped pay Income Tax but Rich and Super Rich Farmers do not .
Too much indulgence of the private companies in this sector (the biggest and most important) might lead to their monopoly over farmers which cannot be afforded seeing the already bad condition of the farmers.
I lost my job during this pandemic decided to start a channel to keep other strong. Wish me well
Wonderful buddy.... explained so lucidly.
Increased Health expend as Physical work is significantly reduced.
Thank you sir for explaining this issue. Great respect
Where is blood..I didn't seem any...fake news
who has nothing to do in farms last 10 months but they lots of work on roads .  fake farmers.
Thkuu for supporting us
They are nothing less than 
11:04 Why it happened?
We are with our Farmers  Kisan ekta zindabad  full support from Delhi 
Pay Jajiya and live or die I guess if you cannot pay enough . This will what they will assure nothing else.
The Audio has been terrible. Please improve, it was very important part of news which went mute.
We are indians... And we are FUCKED UP!
Sir, you are the best teacher.. ( regarding UPSC)
Just before election @evil Modi.
Perfectly explained sir g
Tikait is a not person it's a thought we stand with him
The fight against "other" is often made a holy Jihad, not merely by Islam, but from all sorts of identity claims.
If middle men were not looting the farmers then why did rahul gandhi want to take middle men out
They are not farmers you all idiots
Taliban was created by America against the USSR and then America made these jihadis convoy restless. So it was only the US and the US alone that created the Taliban to use non-state actors against the erstwhile USSR.
PLEASE  LOOK INTO WELFARE OF 14 CRORE FAMILIES OF FARMERS WHICH NUMBERS 60 CRORES OF POPULATION 
3.Major defect in this black laws is farmers can't go to court if they got loss from the corporates with this black law
The.brave.officer.today.punished.or.rewarded.?
we are againts theses  bills
Mam farmers protest ka bs itne reasons h
 God pardon me for voting BJP in previous elections on the promise of Badal Dal. 
Me being a farmer's son would like to say, "Had been Swaminathan committee recommendations implemented, we would not have come to cities". 
Now i think gov has to change 2nd bill but rest 2 are good , and farmers and gov need to talk and understand each otherand sir your explanation was too god
Soldier is the Father of India
Ravish bahanchhod hai Mai kahta hu kar police activity mother chhod
Hosting any religious flag on Red Fort it is unacceptable.
Aimed at Elections
If Sikh and Hindus does same thing....it okay
we the people know  what to  do  when a government  becomes  arrogant  .WE  punish them by stripping  them from power  when we get chance  of assessing in elections.
However, only time will answer many open questions and it will be good to see who and how will fill this void and vaccum. It is still doubtful to say what the US stake in the Taliban takeover of Afghanistan is. But if we look at history, whatever the reason, a fact will remain unchanged that Taliban will become a black dream curse for the world in particular for the United States of America and the West.
God knows what kind of people are calling these goons as Kisan. A kisan can't do these things. These people are taking advantage of Kisan Andolan and insulting our nation on its day of pride .
Nice reporting keep the good work..
Reporting vultures are here..
Congress rulled farmer and rest.  Lolzz. Punjab haryana border,  up border area, rajashthan boarder area have problem.  Rest 26 state farmer no Peoblem. Funny.  All anti modi farmer party like caa nrc,  medal returning gang gathered now in name of farmer.  Congress,  aap,  akali,  communist,  even unknown faces together.  That old woman of caa also there.  Lolzz
there will not be any MSP 
Such a heartwarming video..Thankyou to kisan adolan to restore faith in our democracy and constitution.
Free topics request -1857 revolt, anglo-maratha wars and tribal revolts after peasants . Thanks.
We demand Creation of a Hindu Rashtra to safeguard  the Rights of Hindus !!!
MSP should be implemented by government
	Seed subsidy.
First, free your Pakistan from begging for America, British, China,Russia...
*Wanna second cup of fantastic tea?Come again,cuz now v r even stronger than b4 *
Overproduction se Rice and wheat ke price kaam ho jayenge but baki crops jinpr MSP nhi h unke price badhenge bcz unki production me kisi ko itna benefit nhi ho rha
What about other news in the fit of revenge 4 person were killed can u shiw the video
Bro I just realised how delusioned I was. I was with farmers in their protests but now I can see what really was the deal. Seems like too much fake news was there around this topic. Glad I found this platform to get unbiased news
The place where the breeding material is cultivated, that land should be made barren.
Jooth mat bolo full vedio deakho phele
You r right sir
So, as I understand, the blame for introduction is on Modi, the blame for repeal is on Modi. How convenient. 
They are not farmers ... Violent terrorist
If farmers are happy then whole country is happy
Don't judge & trust the politician by sweet words after winning the election they will bring back again the same  bill  against the farmers.
Great job done
It is purely organized fake farmers protests by oppositions and traitors who are using mob violence in protest to repealed farm bill completely which wrong in democratic nation. It is not possible to pass any law or bill to benefit everyone in big democracy. Same goes with this bill as well it can be not beneficial for smaller groups for small groups benefit cant harm majority benefits
These all farmers  are big bloody fools.They dont have any right to destroy the governments property and beat the plolice. Now 300 no of police has been injured by these fools (devil's). Even they are misbehaving with our national flag. When i saw this on news it made me aggressive. Every Indian should love and respect the national flag. This is humble request to the  central government  that to take serious action on them.
WHY U CALLED  THIS IDIOT FARJI KISAN?  ISI AGENT TALIBANI AGENT KHALISTANI GADDAR BAM GADDAR CONGRESS SOB EKJUT HO KE DESH KO BARBAD KARNA CHAH TE HAIN.
Last time I say that 
Jo thi vo bhi income ni ho ri ab toh !!!!! 
A.rshe
Don't inflation plays any role in increase of msp ?
1. The farmers( empowerment & protection) agreement on price assurance and farm services bill 2020:
For Modi nothing is above election.
It gets bad blood with free things. 
You should have specified that MSP has been a executive order ans never a part of earlier act too.
Fun fact - legend watching the video lying on the bed
All   HINDUS  MUST  UNITEDLY  FIGHT  AGAINST  MADARCH*D  MURDERER  ISLAMIC  JIHADIS  AND  FINISH THEM
4. Threaten police force with batons and swords.
how can give such a speack after killing all the farmers
Wo santipriy 4 kisan sirf bhartiye the. Baki jo 5 they ve videshsi the. Akilesh Yadev ke anusar ane do vidansabh Chunav........
Boycott bjp in future
Zee News Walon ke sath isase bhi Bura Hona chahie
Indian  farmers ? ?.............No no no no never. they are not Indian  farmers.
Aap sahed pehli reporter ho jo galat decision ko public ko bata rahe ho... hats off
Taliban Kissan, destroyng peace of nation
wash a crow they are still black aur kuch chutiye he jitna bhi samjha lo chutiye hi rahenge because they forgoted history of farm bills how all party once supported it but when bjp applied it they all denied well one more thing aayega to modi hi yaad rakho madarchodo 
AIM KO AB UP MEIN PURI TAQAT SE LADAYENGE
Misleading information
The government office where they weight  the farmer's grain.. At that place U will find a notice like.. Only 30 quintal will be permitted to sell...  This is a big blunder.. Government must focus on this.. why Government is not helping to farmers to sell full quatity..
What is your answer for your earlier advice to modi not withdraw farm laws.
Bring the Nihang Sikh. Government is against farmers along with its fake policeman
These losers are brainwashed by the powerful LEFT COMMIE lobby and the landlords, mandi owners etc who will lose money due to the new bills since small farmers will have direct access to sell their goods... wow who would have thought the middleman will be upset??  anyone who buys this agenda of "farmers protest" is a fool
These are hooligans hooligans HOOLIGANS FAKE FAKE ASK THEM WHAT HAPPENED TO THAT GIRL WHO CAME FROM BENGAL PEOPLE OF INDIA THESE ARE ALL FAKE FARMERS
Victory for being a slave, slavery wins while farm law repelling.
Or 1 baat sun lo modi saacha hai otherwise congress party hoti toh dikkait ko kab ka khreed leti
Narind chor hai
Farmers are protesting so the people don't have to pay higher price for products. Is that a joke.
Jo tumahre baap bjp k gunde kall andolan pe hamla krne gye the un ki news nhi do ge shee news
U should shut up if you don't know what you're taking about.
Shame on this IAS, so much power with no responsibility towards Constitution and people of India. These are criminals sitting at high post that they don't deserve. If government has little shame left, remove this criminal with immediate effect.
And making our simple laws difficult.
BHARAT JALAAO PARTY (BJP) is threat to Nation...
That is why 100% democracy is lethal for any nation. Uneccessary procession aginst farm law bend the gov on his knee. Noone gov even in complete majority do any reform in future .bcuz peole are not serious .
Hats off to you samdhish bhai 
 ACT OF  THE   FRUSTRATED  AND  DISGRUNTLED  B.J.P. !
Bhai Influencer Ho To esa Ho Great Job You Are Doing 
You should not use clickbaits on such a sensitive issue, no one pelted stone , I am unsubscribing your channel
Ha ha ha this anna hazare ..What he has to say on mengayi... Unemployment ...This follow is silent all this while why???? Why had he not openly supported the farmers ????
7. Not enough time was given for the bill to run in Gujrat as a trial. Gujratis have not openly praised the bills.
Lot of people in India and no jobs for everyone. Many are sitting here and having free food. Instead of sitting at home they are sitting here. Passing time. There is no one to tell them that these agricultural laws are not compulsory/ binding on anyone.
Shame for India, really shame , one day the government will kill us also
Andhbakths are only the reason to India going in a degrowth direction.
This is my india .. a rigid economy ... Here we don't accept new reforms.
More and more people should come out in support of farmers.
Request to Public do not forget and forgive BJP government. More than 700kisaan died.
Indian Government just Love Violence and Brutality.... Indian Army is Also Killing an Innocent Kashmiris on the Name of Search Operation... shame on You India.....
Great intoregation first time after British rule holding Mike in hand .
Kangana ka legacy hai protesters are her fan
Biden, you see what you've caused?
As there is no limit on hoardings they can procure as much as they want then hoard it. 
_Microsoft ups the ante in 5G war, unveils new cloud platform for telecom operators; to use AI for Ops_
I don't know why Muslims hate to wards modi ji , and loving owisi , this is the best example ,musilm where ever they livid their priyaority is only Islam not country.once a wise man said Hindus Muslims living side by side is not possible I'm worrying about india face in future another partioned , if it's happened every muslim sent to their new country then new india will be peacefull. Let's future decide what's happening
We support RSS
But soon after their parents death, these children suddenly appear from nowhere and start demanding their share in parental property in case of absence of a Will. This must be stopped immediately. As this is absolute injustice with such parents who take so much pain to bring up their children but when these thankless children grow up they just forget their parents, abandon them on petty excuses and never take care to look after their old parents.
there are many loop holes present in new farm bills to exploit farners, Farmers are also in favour of agri reforms but they need minimum priced fixed whether its Private buyer or Government itself..
Its Mr Tariq Fateh's job to say what indian like. Its his sole profession.
You see what happens when we the people unite? Power to the people!
Mr Shekhar we know your views o farm laws, you stand with the main stream experts. Mr Devinder Sharma who too is an expert but down to earth thinker. I wish you both could exchange ideas and rather I wish you could rebut some of his core objections.
2. India is a democratic country 
This is very Ridiculous. 
We support real KISHANS,not Tikayat type gunda kishans.Boycott Congress&opposition .Jai Bharat
Best.... No dry fruits.... Kovvu will come down... Lol
Arnab comes up with such baseless debates to twist the story as if it's a win for bjp. If they have any dignity, they would just accept the fact that they stood against farmers fighting for justice. Similarly they glorified Wankhede who is looking shady day by day. Are there still journalists in  republic?
First decide , Mrs Priyanka g is Gandhi or vadra. Don't use both title. Either she is Gandhi or she is vadra
Oh just a few, 
Open market need at least MSP otherwise no need this bill.
Group of khalistani anti nationals trying to provoke the constitution of India, we can never expect ordinary farmers to lean into aggravation of such kind, what a shame, both liberals and bhakts will agree to it
21:53 is the moment btw 
IF PUNJABIS DON'T WANT IT LEAVE THEM 
Modi is the Main in the world..
today is my  debate in bright day in 5 d so i like to see this video and i have understand this very clearly . thank you for this video
Feel proud to hear that people especially girls and women feel safe with punjabees
If the medias are asking questions favoring give the Rey to them and convey it to Modi. What is the problem for Modi to come for discussion, the people only selected him, if he has been appointed by the corporates let him go to the corporates. But he should not forget that he is not the employee of corporates, he is the public servant.
please change the anchor....she doesnt know anchoring....
The quint CEO killed 4 farmers in up 
government can give thousands clarification for some deformity in the laws , but trust is not there after , GST , demonetisation,  increasing fuel price ,
Rakesh tickets zindabad
Ohh.. so person from Capatilist country telling us(indians) about socialism
Chutiya ko fan following chhiye..
Shame on these gunde bjp....
Do any kind of rallies but do it peacefully
All in all... prices will increase and middle class/ lower class people are gonna suffer either now or in near future. Great.
What is the problem if msp is guaranteed for farmers legally,either private and gov they would need to buy above msp...
Modi looks pissed in the thumbnail 
Not the right time brothers not the right time
Sathyamevajeyathe
Goverment should make all this process is online and transparent.
These andolan Kari will bring 3 rd weave of corona virus because they are super spreader of 2 nd  weave
I can see the sense of anger and protest in his eyes.
True nature toh dekhnae do incredible india ka
Without that, it's like throwing them out of the ship and they're saying, they don't even know how to swim!
Protester are congress party worker
corrup to the core if the gov just do not drop the BS law and listen to the ppl. corruption mannnn
Police are provoking the protesters. Shame!!
Lk Advani he is also not hindu, he is making fool hindus smriti irani and amit shah ya bhi Hindu nhi hai  They're Parsi means Persian, and (irani)Iranians comes from Iran they're making fool everyone for political gains 
listen 4min 19 sec to 21 sec...
They are not farmers they are killing people my god what a shame
If you died tonight are you going to heaven?
The stand of Sardar Gurnam Singh Chaduni is commendable  that is, the Whole present political system of our Democratic & secular country may be said responsible for harassing the Kissans. 
Kissans are hijacked by some political parties and antisocial elements  by this nation get blackmailed by enemies
Whereas backbenchers getting 1.5 L per month being lower division clerk or librarian 
Trevor's Logic If People are protesting then the there is something wrong,Then Capitol hill attack I happened because US 2021 Elections was Fraud.
This Congress people are fake
Reforms are necessary. But its criminal if you fail to follow the democratic process and snap announce things. And why this guy forget to mention this govts greatest mistake -demonization. Print is just an another opinion spewing organization. Leave journalism and proper reportage to organizations who actually go on field.
So in such cases, BJP should immediately arrange to bring a NEW INHERITANCE LAW where such children are debarred permanently from inheriting parental and ancestral property if they don't take care of their old parents. In case of ABSENCE of any WILL, which might happen due to sudden unforeseeable deaths of parents, property inheritance laws should be changed so that these thankless children cannot inherit their parents property at all in absence of a Will. These children, in absence of any Will, should be compelled by law to prove in courts by default that they have taken care of their parents AFTER they got married.
Police should attack with sticks and metal rods now!! Enough s enough!
Wish I was a poor farmer like Tikait, just worth Rs 80 crores!.
What a terrible thing the US of Biden is doing.  "USE AND ABUSE"  THEn leave...and leave to die
Need one more andolan 
No wonder Kamla Harris and Joe Biden had no option but to give lessons of democratic principles to this PM during his recent visit to US, which seems to be the reason of his return 2 days earlier than planned!!!
Kisan Ekta Jindabad  modi kteeed and hater's murdabad  All farmers and supporters are be brave and strong 
Crazy gk trick best channel for gs gk
Modi seen one thing that most indian citizens are ignorant , no matter how curropt crime he does most will be sleeping and ignoring it, imagine if it was happened in america, same day the minister would be shot down with his house burnt down to literall ashes
KISSAN MANDI MAI  JB   SAMAAN BECHTA THA TO DALLAL  MILKR USKE SAMAAN  PE EK JASI BOLI LAGATE THE  
Priyanka Gandhi as pm be great and strict
SDM - The DOG
Ssla toke dekhe chashi mone hoyna
Very sad..rethink about it
A battle has been won by sikh Fameres, the real war is ahead. They will keep fighting untill their interests not assured.
Congress representative in evening news when media asks is throwing files n papers is well behaved protest inside parliament 
sikhs are brave nation and one day they will have their own country in so called india,because india is a continent of 154nations like kashmir,nagaland,punjab
FAKU choukidar chor SAF 
Propaganda Taliban capture control small villages scare or kill villagers if don't follow Sheria law no education or work for women no careers. Can't believe Afghanistan army left containers of weapons and vehicles for Taliban without blowing them up smell fishy it stinks if Afghanistan working with Taliban. About US military leaving earlier than planned  Afghanistan government should of prepared when they see alot of activity on main US base WTF 
such a great content as well as informative too
BHARATA IS NOT BACKBONE OF 14 CRORE FARMERS
Very important...
Then the injuries suffered by the Delhi police......itna kaafi nahi hai jo 
So what's the final solution for farmers. APMC dealers are exploiting them and as per your explanation corporatisation is also bad. Where should farmers go ?
Central Govt scheme on Marketing outlet supports to these Cooperatives and FPOs to be prepared. It will be a win win situation for Consumer Producer and middlemen will be eliminated in this process.
---Supported and financed the terrorist organization Tamil LTTE to rebel against
Thisbjp is insane inhuman and most worst
it may be one of the pk's sketch
GOOD NEWS AUSTRALIA GOVERMENT NE 4RSS KE ATTANKI KO ARREST KIYA HAI.YEH WOHI ATTANKI HAI JINHONE INNOCENT SIKH BROTHERS PE ATTACK KIYA THA 
They should attack the capitol like what happened in USA.
That's how a journey begins 
best chanal in this would
BILL 2: ( Contract Farming)--> The companies who have contract has very strict specifications and has legal clauses which allow them to repeal the produced food if there are minor changes in them since farming is a natural process there are always deviations, in that case the farmer will be in back foot.
Happy to see pm finally calling them FARMERS, his andhbhakts have called them khalistani, pakistani, naxals, ppl of opposition party , jobless ppl who come for 500rs, aandolan Jivi. Etc
Forget about everything just think with open heart we humans get surrounded by certain ego even just after getting a white-collar job. God this man is the prime minister of India and he is apologising with that great of feelings in his heart . Sorry many may call this action  but can please say me any actor who had apologized for his actions .It requires a great heart to do that he is saying sorry even he I right .Many may appose this but this man tremendous and this government is tremendous
Pehle confirm krlo wo kisaan the ya khalistani
The best news channel ever.
I will always support BJP
One thing I would like to tell you is that during the 'Mandi' system there was no assurance of MSP and if you look at the rules and regulations, you will that MSP was never a legal mandate......however the current farmer's bill will enable corporates to exploit that loophole to great advantage
Its so hard to reform anything in India, I don't think repelling the law is the best for farmers, they should've given state an option to opt in for farm laws. Farmers are already suffering with mandis a parallel bargaining power could've been good for farmers but they failed to understand that.
This is not a farmer's protest but a Khalistani separatist protest (nothing to do with our  nationalist Sikh brothers and sisters) which was earlier nicknamed as "Referendum 2020". Almost every Indian farmers are actively welcoming the new farm lays, which will remove the evil middlemen who exploit the farmers and buyers. For eg. Farmers are forced to sell potatoes to middlemen only for 2 per kilo while those same middlemen sell the potatoes to common citizens @  30 per kilo. Shame on you Al Jazeera for supporting terrorists and anarchists.
It is a victory of Fake Farmers. Modi is Gandhi 2.0. We need Yogi as PM
Understand it's second freedom fight....
Up and punjab people don't forget people how loz thair life for u don't wot bjp again moodi is more clack then lombri ya Bjp no good for indin people believe me...
I don't understand who decides it's truth or false 
Selective Definition of a peaceful rally.
This Middle Men Are Thrown Away By Govt.Policy & Ordinance.MSP Is Guarenteed By The Govt.
These jatt Sikhs have grabbed land from us  dalit in Punjab and now they are damaging in the country.
It deep heart to nationalism of India
How stubborn is this guy to sell off all Indian assets to cronies?? 
thank you very much.
Dhruv brother you are unaware of true facts. Initially all farmer union leaders decided to perform tractor parade on ring road but later due to unkown reasons they changed their decision on midnight of 25th january to march on route given by delhi police. This created confusion and anger among all protestors. Therefore people decided to march on initial route against the permission of delhi police. From this you can understand that deep sidhu and lakha sidhana weren't responsible for any action but the union leaders are truly responsible. Coming towards the red fort topic, is it an offense to raise farmer's flag and nishan sahib on empty pole where there was no tricolor at all? Is it legal in our constitution for RSS to raise their flag on red fort? Rules must be same for everyone. Moreover if you say that red fort is highly prestigious and respected site of india then is it okay for our PM to sell this public property to dalmia bharat group for span of 5 years in exchange of money? Mr Rathee, you can't prove farmers guilty and justify others without stating true facts. Now when you decide to make video on something , please be aware of each and every fact and must provide the every side of story.
So is something going to happen?
Dismiss ias officer seen in video immediately from his post and then dismiss him from central government after thorough departmental Disciplinary Enquiry
I pray taliban lose power you are satanist ppl very bad ppl how would you like to be  slaves you will burn in he'll if you do not change your evil ways
I can already image Modi sitting in sigh with his right hand on his chin and looking for a reason to blame Pakistan
Next up cm
Endia , Will never invade Afghanistan,No chance Not in a 100 Billion year  I know Endian's Forces capabilitie , They are living and moving corpse  . They should if they want the Fall of Dehli Because Century Ago those were Afghan who Conquered Subcontinent and rule for years and years . They Can't Get Kashmir back from Pakistan 7 Time smaller than Endia , Why they do even think that they will get back Kabul from The Victorious Taliban 
Why all western presidents blame the Hong Kong government regarding Hongkong protesters????
Need much more awareness
9.51a8f21
Supreme court should be banned. They don't do justice anymore! Its all rigged up by bjp!
Indians have little work to do ; so they all do politics!  This talk is also obsessed with political fallout of annulling the farm laws- rather than the long term consequences on Indian agricultures future & modernization of  farming practices. How will Indian agriculture-produce be competitive on global scale ??
The extent of biasness in this video... Hats off.....
Kishan andolan chalne me NDTV ko jyada interested he
P.S - I am a supporter of the current central government.
Rakesh Tikat is a living legend
Very sad to very wrongfully Conducted News  that doesn't represent truth. Shame Shame Shame 
2. Cancelation of farm laws
Farmers should get Free education that's it. 
Modi bhakt...Always favours  BJP.
Boycott congress & aam admi party
I recently get to know that apart from Indian flag different states have their own flag. And it was very awkward to know that.
Can these farmers wear mask. !!!! We are staying at home so that covid cases can lower down and these are  not even wearing mask putting us in danger of another wave
Tere to halat kharab hone wali hai
Bjp are britishers 
The bill has been not properly explained to the farmers that's why the are protesting ,in the wrong influence of apportion party and millde Mandy man
What cucks they have become and dude wtf is happening in that entire UP-NEW Delhi region. Most problematic portion of bharot. Areh police ko order do otherwise they'll march into lucknow, they're threatening.
Also, isn't it pretty clear that Msp is levied on the produce that the govt procures(and with limited type of crops)? And the govt only procures a small quantity, others have to anyway work their way in the private market. 
just putting it out there in case that was your plan <33
on more video on farmers
I think youtube should start asking Blogger for Education Certificate. Only people Minimum Graduate is allowed to make Video.
We love newslaundry
Modi Repeal 3 farmers law immediately.Bow down to Democracy.Nothing wrong
Government is making life of common people around delhi harder and trying to blame the farmers
As a producer farmer is free to sell his product anywhere at any price suitable to him. 
I'm also farmer and feel proud
Reforms are necessary in agrarian sector but it should be beneficial to the farmers.
What a show !!
If you believe Modi and Corporates are the villains you will oppose the bills!
Comedy show, arnab loudu
- Modi bends his head in front of Adani who has literally taken over Gujarat.
It's ok no problem for India but if you send terrorist through pakistan on Kashmir issue we will send parcel take it and enjoy 
OMG ! Pardon me for voting BJP in previous elections on the behest of Badal.
Jhutha police jhutha sarkar.....shame on Police 
IN  THREATENING CONDITION
MSP pe guarantee ka matlab, 12 lakh crore (current set of crops) and 22 lakh crore (for all crops). 
This guy bullshit abt bills making absurd jokes. Well wht can be expected from NL libtards. 
To Punjabi, Haryana, and western UP JAT farmers - please leave the rest of the countrys farmers alone for the sake of selling your black rice, which no one can eat in the world, and your self cant eat but only sell to the Indian government. If you want money, this is not the way to do it. Still, if you dont like these farm laws, please feel about banning them in your own states.
Insane. These people are idiots. 
    The betray triggered huge anger of LTTE so it assassinated its Prime Minister  
What a charismatic leader, he told the Americans years ago how to deal with Afghanistan and they didn't listen now the US, NATO and India had to leave Afghanistan in such a disgraceful way. If they listened they would have been saved from from running away like that. Imran Khan is absolutely right,  Taliban took over the whole of Afghanistan with the help of negotiation not by fighting, thats why he is praising them.
Why don't German govt give same farm law to german farmers as well???? Does this channel understand these farm laws, atleast?
Its better if India is under control of dictatorship
Good decisions 
In the name of kisan ,who are playing mischief?  Paid. agitators must get punished .Kisan are all over India but antinationals are few and doing mischief ! Great show.... great practice to make show!
V must we want to do like this ways to show to BJP
Reporter calling it many
Priyanka u&ur brother should be learn politics. Otherwise, opportunities try to played u.Last of ur target should foil.
 whatever he is saying did not comes with proof. On the other side DM orders and lathicharge on sitting people. Is on cameras. Bhai duty to sab krte he par APNA Sameer beach ke ye ye Banda KAR rha he
Awsome....finally farmers own
Ravi Ji live forever love you so much
WHAT IS HAPPENING IN POONCH
Farmers never behave in this way.
My foot  prime minister
All farmer killed by police , who will do Agriculture in future
No matter what, running over another human is a crime, first justice should me made upon the rude son and asked union minister to resign. We all indian has seen the Thar running over the protesters.
Face-off at Sikkims Naku La Casts Light on Chinas LAC Game Plan Against India; China Insists India Withdraw Troops From Pangong Tso's South Bank First Before PLA Pulls Back Soldiers
 Followed by the Wagon rally.
The real Farmer knows how much is it difficult to sell their goods at the price they want to sell. Some intermediators force the farmers to sell their harvest at the rate which they (mediators) wish. If the farmer does not do so then these mediators cause harm to the crop and the farmer's family.
Farmer's are more intelligent than the govt
Its a govt of adani & ambani...representatives...who care about farmers  sensation
Thanks you sir for detail
I happen to be a fan of both Saurabh Dwivedi and Ranveer Brar and someone did a bad job in putting RB's music in the intro of this video :) #RanveerBrar #Lallantop
They are khalistani terrorist
Thanks, Sir!
                   Congress, Samajwadi, BSP, AAP, TMC etc..        .
Sir Diesel Generator and Servo Stabilizer ke upar ek video banao please...
We pay road tax and toll tax, why?
This bill is amazing? Room for some exploitation but i see more benifits here
LOVE YOU SANDEEP BHAI 
Long live farmers . forgive us we couldn't do anything. But we pray for your strength. Jai kisan.
Hypothetically, for a moment let's accept Abhijit's argument. By his own statement Captain won only 800+ votes. Hence, a coalition with him would not result in forming a government. Would BJP (especially motabhai) repeal the 3 laws for such a small gain? This doesn't really add up. There ought to be other reasons.
The best channel for GK
We want justice otherwise ready for ghodra kand 
Shame on you
Havent found any video which is so concise, crisp and clear with case study. 
I am sure, andhbhakts will even support this like Savarkar supported British!
Long live unity across all religions!
Now they want memorial to be built OR may even claim Bharath Rathna
Biased towards others
TARIK SO HONEST, WAH
This Rahul is biased
Not explained about MSP in detail. Private individuals plays important role & Govt failed to explained or assured  to protesting farmers that they will not be exploited by private players who buy their crops. In simple its like demonetisation , got 100% mark in theory but failed in partical(implementation).
The image of Modi ji has not been stunned by any of the farmers.
TERI BHAN DI BHUDE HUN TENU PARSAN DI YAAD AAGYE TE JADO BANDA VADYA SI ODO PARSASN DI YAAD AAI SI ODO TE APANE AAP FASLA KARTA HUN A GAL KARDE HOYE SARM NHI AAI
18. Hitler used to have a lover whom he used to get spied on
Govts only can file FIR on People
Protestor won , farmers lost . India lost
They should allow all these folks and shoot at sight when they do anything untoward.  Congress gave shoot at sight orders in the 1960s and thousands of Hindu sadhus were shot dead. That will also take care of this nuisance.
Excess underground water extraction +
Best actor in the world. We need to give oscar award of this year..
With you all way forever. 
Who will make these Beurocrates realize that they are appointed to serve the people of nation !!
A SERIOUS STEP in this  direction has been done by the GOI, one month back, which went unnoticed by all of us.
Shame on this giverment.... Down down Bjp
BJP is anti nationalin action and outer lip service for nation..
Poor and descent People victory 
How do Reporters control thier laugh  when BJP answers that Yogi is best CM.That all is good.Bjp dont see rapes,Dead bodies in Ganga,Covid....
Whole localities should come out Press to go away from the road..
India has a huge farmer debt problem. That needs to be fixed first to ensure that we remain self-sufficient.
Arnab....everyone knows....commonsense needed....
Kishan ka problem State issue hona chahiye.
Every where net so good but on one said about.
Thank you sir, pls make video on eNAM (e-National Agriculture Market), most of people dont know how it work's.
I AM A BENGALI..HINDU OF INDIA OCCUPIED WEST BENGAL.... SUPPORT AND LOVE FOR OUR BROTHERS OF PUNJAB....WE UNDERSTAND THE..PAIN OF PUNJAB.... BECAUSE BENGAL AND PUNJAB WAS ONLY PARTITIONED IN 1947 BETWEEN INDIA AND PAKISTAN
Mappu Mappu studying savarkar in modi. This only election drama bjp not forget people not vote for Bjp elections. Not banthi kia fayithahe how any people dead one year kussan protest 600 people dead kia fayithahe abi canceled gst every thing failure bjp poor people unemployed and uneducated
Thanks Sir
Did Modi pull back from the farm law made some andh bhakts eye open? I hope so
BJP ayegi to aapke bachche bhi berozgar ghumengey
Why so many farmers kill them self because of the old laws
Next will be india is your target 
jhoot toh acha bolte ho tum waah
Only one solution.
Best actor of the world
Our respect for the hon'ble SC has increased hundred fold for their Hinduphobic stance as seen from some instances: when  poll violence was unleashed in May June , when Hindus are being lathicharged and imprisoned for protesting the putting up of Pakistani flag etc , the same court sits as mute spectator !
Only some who involved in this
Nobody should claim that Haryana farmers hold a brain. When it comes to farm bill, congress politics is all farmers understand.
Thnks sir 
Thanks. Pray for shaheed.
The ruling govt will pass the ordinance without the consent of the other party. Wah what a development...
This is inhumane,cruel and insane  act on farmers...,Rest those souls in peace...,.Yes,but the real question is will the culprit be punished for murders...
Now I hate you. 
Such idiotic reporting
Have been looking at the coverage of other news channels such as Times now and republic, and quite shocked that they cant point a finger at the ruling dispensation even after this ghastly violence. Even the comments section under their news sections are riddled with hate and blind belief that bjp cant do anything wrong. Its so sad that we have come t this as a society. Kudos to NDTV for remaining sane and to all the viewers, Thank you.
Shame on you prime minister ji for scraping this wonderful law. Initially U must educate the farmers from every village about this bill instead of withdrawal. It's feel like a vote bank politics 
Election on head strategy change wah wah....
Plus green revolution happened because farmers income increased immediately but this time while shifting to some sort of organic farming farmers are reluctant cause the only thing they are seeing is drastic change without changing their earnings .
Bhai I'm really confused, bht Mzak bn gya Aaj, mra congressi mama bht  bezzati kiya hai
Nice way of dealing the journalists.
PM should have taken back 3 farm law when many farmers were striking day and night.Many were killed  and many cases filed against innocent farmers. They faced many hardships who will wipe there tears This is too late and too little announcement. More Compensation should be given to all farmers in India. Jai kisan
Eee parayunna corpratukalumaayi oru contractil enter cheytha pore oru all india farmers union chernn... Athaayath epoozhum at any circumstances oru farmerinu ayalude production coast + minium 30% profit enkilum  koduthuthirikanamenn....
Small request to you speak in English only
I'm so happy these farmers got theor victory. Persistance, resistance
7. Tax rate badaya. Check kro ache se new or old tax rate me farak. Middle class gareeb hota jara.
Stupid is  katputli of  worst govt.
There's goes a democratic and peaceful means to make Indian farming more efficient, which means the environment is going to continue to suffer.
(this month ca)
I mean BJP really doesn't deserve my next vote .
Jai Kishan jai bharat... He shall be remembered for his strike
BJP RSS is Taliban of INDIA
Arthiyas can still continue to trade however state government may loose income, so is a perception build that farmers will also loose money.
So u dint want to repeal back ?
This bill is in favour of farmers , these people are distracting them.
3.they threw down the national flag during the republic day and they expect justice from this nation.
Why farmers are not allowing BJP to do panchayat? It's farmers fault. Don't blame police n BJP for the sake of blaming.
Omg its so painful 
No loose heart make a strong go to delhi
Shameful India today. You are giving coverage to this news when people are asleep.
Please Help the Students of Assam to cancel the board exams...We all the Protesting on Twitter (we crossed 1.5M tweets)....But We need your support.......as EM is ignoring us..
Follow Dr Mahipal Rathore on Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/mahipalrathore
Kindly  b with us as u were in the fight so far if after  losing UP ELECTION  he  re- imposes ...
If you work for satan's money then can you live honestly ???
Unlike adopt heritage scheme where Dalmia has taken maintenance of Redfort worth 25 thousands crores, govt. should allow private company to adopt Indian army, police station etc. This will reduce government cost at the same time increase efficiency.
Taliban was openly supported by pakistan and was backed by china communists and Russia.
Every time India sit for meals ..see their farmers blood in their plate..
3) Adhaties exposed,
65 days the farmers had suffered a lot  if the gouvt dont want to listen or see   your sufference  so it is dictaor gouvt ,you had started now you must go till end and get the victory , must five the pressure more and more, you do what Mahatma Gandhi  did for india you must follow the path of Mahatma Gandhi till the victory .some one wants to put india in dictator  system DICTATOR is a very dangerous  for every indian citizens . your  sufferens will give the good FRUITS and that is the gift for  2021 for every INDIANS  WE ALL MUST FIGHT AGAINST THE DICTATOR long live the DEMOCRASY.
BJP RULED VERY NEGATIVE EFFECTS UKHAD FEKHO BJP NA RAHE YOGI NA MODI
Now what agenda you are left with now go plants food for us 
It is Congress. Conspiracy. It. Is. Congress culture.  Indira Gandhi. Killed. Own son  Sanjay Gandhi.  Congress killed. Hoi j Bhabha  netaji Subhash Chandra Bose  Lal Bahadur shstri &. Congress hate  against our general. & Love with Pakistani general. Congress called him __ sadak  ka  gunda____
Or kya phool marne the police walo pr Bc
Mujhe sirf 10% concept clear tha bill me. Lekin apki vedeo ne sare doubt clear kar diye
Arrest all in video for murder, what the the punjab farmer doing in interior up. Hand all of them
Please make an essay on women officers in armed forces.
fair fight. stick and stones only. no firearms please.
It is high time now that we stop watching all mainstream news channels!!
Jolt in modi head.....Vajpyee sir didnt succeed farmers wrath.who is this modi
Great video.. Explained in simple language. Very helpful 
So ... without awareness. And proper education...the sucess of new laws would be suspicious....
Respect and love u Lado Rani sister
This is one of the best solution. By reading your understanding and supporting the right cause.
This guy is sold out...
destroyed at the procurement level (i.e. monopsonies are created at the
Punjab and Haryana gets benefits because there is a good system for procurement they has APMCs not political links to sell produce to government.
ISL: Chennaiyin FC vs Mumbai City FC: Jahouh Error, Isma Penalty Helps CFC Holdings LLC MCFC to Draw
Be safe ..nothing wrong gonna happens ..wait for fresh election
Please tell me the full form of MSP
Thanku sir for your efforts!
Samooh singhs says to guru gobind singh g no they order to guru gobind singh g god says yes modi kya cheej hai
Bhai Kyon Jhooth bol rahe ho
Educadit log Andhbhakt (Chamcho) ko Pappu lgte hai 
4. No Mechanism for price fixation: It is crucial to recognize price formation (not fixation) takes place due to interaction of demand and supply in the market. Wider the market, greater is the competition and lesser is the market margins of intermediaries and farmer is assured of greater share of consumer income.  Allowing buyers outside APMC mandis in market promotes competition and halts exploitation. At present, while consumers are paying higher price, farmers are still receiving lower price due to inefficiencies and imperfections. Thus, setting markets right is crucial through the new laws. UMP (Unified Market Platform in Karnataka), E-NAM, resulted in increase of prices by 38%. 
U r the fourth pillar of democracy bhai the eal media
wouldnt the simple solution be that govt along with farm laws also provides money to sustain the mundi?
No BJP leader making any statement, very clever PR policy
Good job Unscripted Team
Now Takiat is unemploye 
1) All accounts details of Farmers achieved,
Love to see the Indian Reaction .
ethos of democracy is that minority should accept the verdict of the majority...for everything if the minority takes to protest and bring down the system what's the use of democracy...you guys should have asked this cockroach what his understanding of democracy is..?
lots of riots and nothing as result, that's very indian, sas for those farmers who lost their lifes during the protest
Good analysis 
It is essentially ENDED
Compitison badta hai to sir ji rate ghatte hai
Congress yess as long as we r not in power it's well behave protest
I normally don't pay for what's available for free! But I thought to myself that if I don't pay now for whatever reason this amazing content might go away! But generally I think you should start offering a mix of free vs paid content and kickstart the revenue engine! 
And This channel is deleting... Comments
Voh bechare govt and kisan ke bich Mai fas faye h 
Modi planing for UP election.
WE are the slaves of the country, We can't do anything 
RaNDTV,  Pappu and Barbarian Dakait and above all Meetha Zeher Yoginder are devastated after this news.
North India mein poora jungle raj hee chaltha bhai yaha South India mein agar ek ko b aise beguna mare toh vuska dusra din hee yaha ke police katam kardegi even if he is from political background, how big difference in same country??
the opposition is using this to creat havoc during Carona virus  time 
criminal government
Should not All professionals protest in the same manner? Illiteracy Jai ho.
Join Prashant Dhawan Sir's Telegram Channel: https://t.me/DhawanSir
Farmers are getting fatter and fatter and richer and richer.
You can't expect justice from a nation whose flags you burn down everyday.!!!!!
OWAISI IS A MAIN LEADER OF MUSLIMS OF UP THAN OTHER SACULAR PARTIES , BIHAAR IS EXAMPLE , HE DEFEATED ,BSP, CONGRESS, AND WON 5 SEATS , OWAISI SP, BSP, CONGRESS, KO HARAANE ME AHEM BHUMIKA NIMBHAYEGA , AUR BJP KO JITAAYEGA , 
Congratulations From Maharashtra...
 It is only a politician stunt by govt due to up election. 
Breakthrough harakirilet them realise the loss.
You will go back to Punjabi and go home
Akbaruddin Owaisi - Remove police for 15 mins, We will finish off 100 crore Hindus.
You a$$oles support these highway blockages in India but will u guys ever allow this in ur country in the name of protest ??
This Collector should be punished
Appreciate this 
Q2: 2 Only
Incredible sir aap best hai..
Is fake channel k owner ko zarurat h congress ki jaise hi vo power m aaye isko fundings mille or *republic* ki trha ye bhi tv pr aane lage. Isko bas BJP ki galtiya dikhti h vhi dikhata hai. KOI FARAK NHI HAI
Why do u need to explain? Do u think your woke audiance are duffers?
2. Modi Government has water cannoned, gas cannoned and beaten farmers with wooden and metal sticks and blocked all Delhi borders, forcing them on. roads to carry out their peaceful protest
We are just a couple more executive orders from this ourselves.
Yes the proud farm law protesters are returning home. 
Chor
It's weird how most of the opposers of farm law don't even understand how farm laws will affect farmers.
On your own citizens shame on you India government shame on you
"Jai Jawan Jai Kisan" is a slogan famous in India. Now will any True Indian and a True Kisan (farmer) create a chaos on the Red Fort in India that too on an important day for India which is it's Republic Day. These fake farmers on that day beated the police, destroyed the government things and harmed at the Red Fort. Why is this not highlighted. Why is it not highlighted that how come only Farmers from Punjab have issues with the new law introduced?????
Congress need to stop this circus leading to nowhere
why r u explaing bjp n congress agenda 1st 5min it went on course but after that there was nothing about farmers bill, it all about ART 370, NRC,CAA n MOST IMP. "  BHARTA K BADE PATRKAR( MEANS ARNAB ) only R. BHART reporter talk about to this " if farmer law is taken back then other bills 370, NRC wil also taken back?" ONLY R.BHART reporter, you r not giving value who got MAGSAYSAY award, n u r explaning those STUDIO DANCER agenda , "agr ye bill le liya to bad me sab lo income tax na dena ka b virodhe krge etc".
Weather ko toh Indian Apne hisab se chslate hai Apne Pura loss Kara rahe hai hai ya Nahi?!
Watch new vedio of news MX tv chanel they show you police how police fighting with a Sikh has injury in his leg watch it
Illterate people language is this
Protest on the point of destroying government property ye accha baat thodi na hai. Pure country ke tax payers ke paiso se wo property bani hai.  wo destroy krke aap ulta country ka nuksaan hee kar rhe ho.
Jai shree ram
Shame on u godi media ...anchors are biased
One of the most peaceful, versatile protest ever on this planet
And no person can use army against its civilians. It happened in USSR and it has to be anywhere in world.
SKM should contest election directly
Only owaisi
Why only in opposition ruled states formers are against the farm laws .Are these governments are conspiring to project Modi in bad light are trying to force him to resign..The more these crooks oppose Modi the leads,there is chance for them to win in 2024
 r.s.s.                                                      
Jay hind sir
4th generation warfare. ..  started  ...
Even after giving a law on msp and abrogating 3 farm laws , tikait will not stop the protest because if the protest stopped who will know that rakesh tikait exist
rich farmers are sefish and they do not want to listen. Try removing SC/ST reservatons? whom we are fooling Selfish people who are pushing India to brink,
3. No condolence from Modi Government or Modi on 65 deaths of old citizens died in this cold weather during peaceful protest
Rahul shame , what r u debating , incident is very transparent, debate should be arrest of accuse , instead shifting the agenda , very good job
The reason they want women between 15 and 50 is to breed. The solution is simple - the fewer the number of taliban, the fewer districts they will control.
NDTV,youtube channel & BBC
They are corporates
Why don't ABP channel going on other side . Are you guys banned ?!
Ye Educated leader vs uneducated modi ji
VG gave these faers Rs16 per day the worlds  biggest bonanza ever yet they are ungratef
Your target audience is educated. They will read farm bill and other bills. 
I am feeling proud as a farmer son I am working in MNC but I did  full support to this agitation and we taught all Indians how to do protest in a proper way because our patience wins over Egoistic raja agay say sochkay bill banana otherwise this type of govt will face negative consequences jai jawan jai Kissan and we all are brothers up punjab haryana kerala Rajasthan tamilnadu Maharashtra Madhya Pradesh and all other states 
*Election strategy to gain votes, since election is nearing in 5 states.*
Happy that they are able to defeat this arrogant government.
I wish someday SC will give orders to beat the shit out of these hooligans. They are pain in the ass of daily commuters.
Follow Ankit Agrawal on Twitter: https://twitter.com/ankitmay28
Who was that blind man without any mind who run over these many farmers and that gay who says ki sudhar jai I think hes saying to farmers if he is saying to farmers then why didnt he came to protest huh let us welcome you with sticks and swards
I would request everyone to check @sikhexpo page on Instagram. They have the ground reports and tell the whole truth. The media twisted the narrative as always. Trust me, as always.
Great leader imrankhan  
His knowledge  and confidence is on next level mnn krta hai bs sunte hi jaye ..
The flags saying CITU means Centre of Indian Trade Unions it's the trade union wing of the Communist Party of India (Marxist)
But govt assured that the APMC will always be there and MSP will always be provided there, APMC will never be shutdown, its farmers choice to go outside and explore more options or to go to APMC, just like BSNL is there along with other private telecom operators to regulate the telecom tariff, My father is a farmer from karnataka, he is very hardworking person, we grow paddy, here from 40 years what i am observing is only the middlemen and millers are benefitting from our crops, after working so hard and investing so much on labour's and pesticides, facing natural calamities, labour problems, water problems, machinery problems, new type diseases in the crops and all, what we are earn is just to accommodate our basic needs of food, cloths, bike thats it, forget our hardwork, sometimes we won't get back our investment also, present crop cutting done in this dec month is a complete loss for all paddy growers here, yield reduced very drastically due to new virus in our crops just like covid on humans, we not made any property from past 40 years, we don't get any thought of making some property with that earnings, just life goes on with hardworking forever, so something to be done to benefit the farmers, all these days only businessmans, middlemens are having decent earnings and making properties everywhere, small farmers fate remains same even after another 50years until unless if something is done now, our country is developing means everyone of us should develop, everyone be a part of it, only few sector people are developing is not a whole development of the country, these farm bills are not a big news here in South India or at least in our locality,  big protests and all happening there in North India, I doubt does farmers really able to understand these farm bills properly, mostly some opposition parties, middlemens and others who are benefitting now are having knowledge to understand these bills and its impacts and to safeguard their earnings in future they are provoking farmers with false predictions to protest against those bills, I trust our PM Modi like our family head, he never do anything harmful to the farmers or any other sector hardworking people, he doesn't have intentions to earn something by supporting corporates bcz he not even have children's to earn for them, treats all of us as his children's,  these farm bills are actually beneficial to the farmers and consumers except those middlemens, initially there may be some loopholes, bcz everything can't set right on one go, it will take some time to block all loopholes,  later definitely will have good future in the farm sector also
Our villages , where most farmers reside , require in depth planning and a greater participation of : Banking sector and urban lifestyle transport.
APNE HI DESH KI AZADI OR APNEY HI HAQ KE LIYE LADAI LADNE WALO KO AATANKWADI BATAYA JA RAHA HE OR AMERICA OR NATO JAISI COUNTRY JAB BEKASOOR AAM JANTA KE UPER BOMBING KARTI HE TO WO AATANKWAD NAHI HE
Bhaiya you are doing the great job, today we came to know that ho farm bills is passed undemocratically
This is not farmers this is communist people's
In the NDTV no anchor is close to Ravish 100 %   Some one are 70 %   80 %  90 %  near to the real recognised
Government is more concerned about it's earning risking people's livelihood and their hard earned money.
This is not protest this is riot
Option C because only 3 is correct.
We stand with our kisan brothers from Pakistan From Sargodha 
for TOP, food processing may include - freezing,  dehydrating, chopping, powdering etc
Finally, FUDDUs blocking road since 10 months
Fake news spreader dhruv bhai
Dark side of democracy
They have to go predesignated route
The world Communists without properly manipulating Karl Marx's ideology of Equality, the best in the world, have been rejected by the people and left in a state of irreversibility as they have fragmented Humanity without reconsidering the theory of "Proletarian Dictatorship " which is revised by Karl Marx. 
JAB NAPUNSAK SAMBHALENGE RAAJ DAND TOH YAHI HOGA DESH K HAAL.
  Honourable Supreme Court of India should become custodian of the Constitution of India, not spokesperson of Bharatiy Janata Party.
It is political protest dont call it farmer protest plz.
NDTV got hurt now
Passed without discussion, Repeal without discussion.
Khalistanis from Canada, UK, the Pakistani ISi CPI and the Congressre all involved in stoking this fire....using gullible farmers for the agenda. . These guys are hell bent on causing chaos. The government must now show its mailed fist. The Police , CBI and NSI should document and investigate each and every rioter who has broken the laws of the country. There is no back down. This treachery of the highest order. Rest of India must stand solidly behind the government in handling these anarchists.
This is a shame because Punjab farmers are the richest and farmers in Bihar are the poorest. The Punjab farmers might loose some money because they will not have dominance over India and all Indian farmers will be given equally treatment with this new bill
Centre is not at all responsible  for the deaths of farmers during this dirty andolan
Wow. I just watched this video, then headed to the comments. After reading many comments, I feel like I learned more from the comments than from the video.
Now actual farmers will come out and ask for farming bills because they won't be able to see their produce anywhere and will then beg the government to buy it as they can't sell it out of punjab 
Long answer: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Countdown started for India's Ruin
vir das told by maha home minister not to perform in mp??? what??? how maha minister is making decision about mp???
Rakesh end the nautanki. What you  are waiting. What is yours programme in UP. Yogi ji waiting for your welcome. Come immediate.
If you wanted to see these day, then what was the lack in Congress?  Home guard under haryana police sub inspector take bribe every time, I suffered from these many times.  Even these days.  I had done electricity theft complaint but no action taken, even they open my name, this is happen Under BJP government.  Now I hate bjp government and their partiality policy.  No value for honest civilian.
His voice is not clear
I have gone through farm bill and talked to many farmers and cooperates... And I feel that these laws are wrong which will diminish farmers, aadhatiya and many persons who work. Many will be unemployment. 
ABP kyu time waste karta hai aise logo par ,total wastage
Question1-- why would they assault a police when everything is going fine, and no one ask that because no one cares
Bkwas channel
Is the US going to advise on how to pick leaders!?
Government should take harsh steps to stop this nonsense going on...
What really happened on 26th January ?  First-hand information from a front-line volunteer doctor who had come to Delhi from the US for a personal matter, but decided to stay on as a volunteer with the farmers in their protest.
Yogendra Yadav top farmer and middle man  of the year 2021 without owning a farm and getting  money from China
3. When govt. Is so Innocent , why would they deploy huge police force and arms to control( they knew it before then) when they give rally permission
Let  Pakistani Taliban raise their Islamic flag instead of your national flag.
Compare India's progress in Gandhi Congress time  and Compare it's progress under Modi ji our PM so understand the difference.
Worst Speaker Shame
We need mass protests for all these. Inshallah this is the beginning of the end. Salute & Congrats to all my Sikh brothers.
Thanks sir love you sir very nice sir thanku so much sir
Throughout the 10 mins how blindly she speaks the lie... Really appreciate it..Shameless
its not Thaliban why is he saying it with an accent just say taliban lol
Very sad decision, black in the march of development
In such difficult period when the country is facing such a pandemic...these kind of things just add to the problems....
occupied, except india nothing is left. Hope you agree on this. Second 
Any app avaialble for this information on msp
First we need to trash media in india
Dp be aware hle langar khnde o chpera sanu v mrniyew ondiyew a
I get why there are high no of dislikes on this video. Pushing his opinions over reporting facts.
Good NDTV. You are the last hope! 
Kisan to raily me baithe thhe .ye to gunde h kissan banker aaye h .
Agar chairman/deputy chaiman ke opinion se opposition sehmat nahi hai to wo division of house ki mang kr sakti hai or chairman is mandated to do so or fir vote ki recording kr li jati hai automatic vote recorder se ya ti paarcha btawa de jism sabhi members ha or na likh de lekin aisa kuch bhi nhi kiya gaya
Blacklisting pakistan in FATF is the only way to stop World terrorism. Islam's biggest enemy is pakistan.
How beautiful
Only here we can see the truth, In India govt have purchased the media also, shame on Indian journalists,
Gormtrong
China and Bangladesh border are open but in India border are closed 
So called Khalistanis helped us all during corona in Indrapuram gurudwara when our own relatives were not ready to come closer!
He is TOTALLY MISLEADING. It is NOT the small farmers, but mostly the MIDDLEMEN who are protesting.
9. There are 4 ways of voting: voice vote, counting vote, voting recorder or votes by lobbying. The weakest voting method is voice vote. There is no permanent record in voting this way. This bill was rushed through voice votes. This should not have happened. It is the weakness of the chairman and this bill was too important to be treated this way.
They r sinking fleet
This is war of civilizations ...Islamic civilization can't allow women to show them off publically ..one can disagree ..but you have to understand that this is a war of civilizations
Bills are good and pro farmers.
Love and Support fromKerala
This is called insensitive government and I am shocked with the insensitiveness and dictetarship it's a big mistake by Indians. ..it's the disaster we are experiencing ...God save us.
Salute to our respected farmers! What endurance! Courage! & Perseverance....
Who is Ashok dhamle? Which association?
Thnx mam
This the BJP real colour. BJP and Modi wants to ear huge profits by their supporters corporate companies like Adani, Ambani and etc. Example Apples for Rs. 12/- per kg from the farmers and companies given free hand by the BJP to sell to citizens for minimum price of Rs. 200/- maximum to extend for their huge profits to give the party fund to the pet political party. This present BJP, Ambani and Adani modern India. Citizens blood is squeezed by the BJP government.
One thing which people always have no Insight is the the attitude of of the government for introducing these farm bills.
Ise sir pe kyo chda rhe ho.
Hope one day....
Thanks.
This happens when a chaiwala becomes the prime minister
Well presented...but to be frank with you... your previous video on the new farm laws was matter of fact and objective...but here one can doubt biased interpretation on MSP...how can you guarantee farmers minimum profit if the government discontinues MSP? Plus...how private corporates are going to guarantee  farmers income?... Thanks for the video...
Tag line should be "kyu zid pr adi SARKAR'
Traditionally  much of the APMC stalls are owned by  members of a particular community ,thanks to the pseudo secular regimes of islamic congress.  This is the main reason for the heartburn.  Farmers are easy to manipulate and cartelisation of commission agents in APMC is very easy bcz most members belong to a particular community.
Those farmers laws aren't draconian in nature. Actually, it's exactly the opposite. Those laws are boon to the farmers.
Bikau media are same everywhereNepal and india
Dholpur mustard rate
May rest peace his soul.
Fantastic news indeed and jaihind really appreciated
Ye bhut hi accha feisla hua
This plan is goods . 
I wish you were as cool and smart as you try to look. Lol.
Farmers are aware than these stupid andh bhakats who keep voting bjp cause of religion
Let's come to the point ex. 
The laws were for farmers benefits however the protest was high jacked by outside countries who wanted to bring instability in India once revoked there plan to create instability failed, Narendra Modi is the best, intelligent and beloved prime minister of our country, he knows nation matters mostJai Hind..
Parliament system is main cause of destruction of  subcontinent.
Please help us...farmers
Farmer protest peaceful h, phir to ese protest hone chaiye. Jo desh ko badnaam kre
The kick starter of current out of control pandemic. They got the ball rolling and everyone else just kept contributing to it to create the Tsunami of horror that India faces today. Every news outlet that encourages this political nonsense shoulders some responsibility of the current situation in India. This includes the BBC
Kisan Ekta zindabad.  Support and love for farmers from Pakistan.  Punjabi veero chak k rakho. Haq lekey utheyo 
We support farmer
Farmers won against capitalists and government friendship
     , , , ,      (Atleast MSP can be ensured of locally produced)-                ?
Today we live in a country, which once had law enforcing agencies with spine.
Even if it is given then why subsidies in loan water electricity etc
Aj bhi is desh mein gareeb red light per bheek mangte hain ( bhale hi yeah ik scaam hai bohot bada wala )
Government is definitely responsible
Farmer die by suicide because of loans because they sell the crop at MSP and then same produce resell is at higher price and profit is not passed on to farmer.
Why in thumbnails niyu isn't there!?
Speaker is shite too
The prices n supply chain will be controlled by corporate companies. 
What is American going to accomplish with few thousand troops? The fact is they were not able do anything even when over 150000 Nato troops were present on Afghan soil.. Time is running out for this puppet Afghan government...
Farmers were right
Fuddu police and India government
This is the result of getting friends with Americans.
First time in Indian History a Law is reversed under violence in one state and one community.
Boycott This Channel
Sec of State Blinken was questioned by Rand Paul in the Senate about whether the victim was an ISIS-K Operative or an Aid Worker, and his reply was "I don't know, because we're reviewing it" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g484Twdswn8
The middle man is so huge and corrupt that even govt cant regulate them and they work for many parliamentary members who fought yesterday.  They fluctuate the price or kill the price depending on situation. 
Chal ba suver
No one is surprised except the Pakistanis.
Its all a bloody play played for looting farmers and countrys people money . The bill have many other negative orders they could lose their land and livelihood thats why they are protesting for themselves and its right . We all know whenever politics came in dirty play just for their money lust the countrys citizens suffer . Its shame because those who fulfil our needs , their lives are at edge of destruction so haters stop commenting if you dont have knowledge to see write or wrong # justice for farmers. 
Supreme court must see Judiciary system pathetic situation in India...in civil court , Labour Court cases run years and years , aggrieved party not get justice even after decades...how can people of India trust this type of judiciary system...even first stage of any case " Notice to opponent " took 1 years , if judiciary system worked properly it will took only 7 days....as specially in digital era it will take only some minutes to informed opponent that aggrieved party filed case against it.
This is peaceful andolan..chinaal ke bacche saale
The journalist in UP has given all wrong information.... These Farm Laws were actually good for small farmers and not good for big farmers....
We r with farmers
Nice effort  show more awareness  on the bills
The MP must have some investment in these companies that are trying to control the market
Hypocrisy......
   SC st act   General +OBC act  
Dear YouTube, 10 hours ago, ndtv had 2 videos with the same storyline about official who asked to crack heads. This shows ndtv runs a propaganda news.
NDTV stop acting puppet of the government. Don't mislead the people and Farmers with your rubbish comments that Farmers have lost faith in their leaders
This bill needs amendment, but farmers leader are demanding completely taking down the bill
I'm for deregulation but wtf?
Hats off to all ndtv journalist 
Incorrect information
It's time to invade both India and Pakistan and impose theocracy which was under Mahmood ghaznavi and Mohammad ghori the great emporers.
Sale 10-10 rs mein bikte h Godi media wale!!!! I am ashamed of sharing my Hindu religion with these fools, I am sorry!!
Why not these farmer giving statement against khalistani people .. You know why because inside they support khalistani... That's why they are not farmer protest anymore..... F you western media.. Go f your country
Power of unity.   
mass takers, it is necessary for any new online market to offer fresh raw
Come on India Today.. grow a spine atleast Now... Tell the situation as is..!
It's irritating to see Arnab shout for no reason.
In the starting- ok he looks knowledgeable 
Ye sures a. Phle.ki.hoti
Explained really well
His sorry is for his supporters n surely not for khalistanis , who have been defending the iconic farm laws all these years.Ngl i was shocked myself but the guts to accept that the party somewhere failed their supporters deserves appreciation , dont wanna sugar coat anything but lets wait n watch.
Boyycott this chanel's
Bring yogi to these people. Yogi will take picture and make them pay for the damage they did. All the UP protesting coming to pay fine monthly in installments. Haha
Who are annadata? Kisan or tax payers?
God helps indian farmers
Farm bill!!!!  perfectly enacted  the orders of their  corporates Boss, even we had a big issues with external aggression.......anti_people government continues their sabotaging...
Taliban has broken shackles of slavery, very true statement.
If farmers are no happy then there must be some problem with the bills, this govt can't keep even the farmers happy, they are giving us the basic food, it's necessity and more than any other commodity, do hell with govt bills and policies
Educating farmers is wonderful point.
Sir please post remaining parts of budget analysis as soon as possible.... Waiting for the video.....
THE CURSED NEHRU FAMILY WRONGLY  PROCLAIMED 
Well  explained  brother
What are your views after PM reply in Loksabha...??
DELHI ROITs AAP party, WALEY AGAIN,ACTING. 
Kangna or what ever shit name is goes by 
Please wait Karo don't mind please I am after three years than after not required you Stop
All News channel ignore KISHAN and make divert direction of public
Your view is as always anti BJP. Not enough information in this video. Just bashing the government decision.
Kisan from south..
Rakesh Dacoit is not farmer but a businessman
Because only Punjab farmers get FREE ELECTRICITY/WATER
Big day for Indian Farmers  
Mana ki foreign policy mein kuch aggressive hai
Modiji being PM he has asked forgiveness...This jahil  tikket group will not stop until they get focus and election tickets... This is the most expensive agitation with ac, good ghee food, accomodation and the sponsorers do not want to stop this agitation. .... If these people do not leave our court must intervine and kick this rich jahil farmers out out of our delhi border.... It's enough
Pepole beat 3-4 person  with weapons nd killl..them
.walfare  all  public
Kuch bhe krte ha opposition 
4)why media not showing the truth about your governance (as if they have been controlled by bjp)
Thank you brother for this wonderful explanation plus this bills also give the exploitation powers by law and order as even 3rd.bill implemented many farmers can't even cover expenses then how will give money to lawyers in a suit plus the legal system in our country. And simple thing   
Good for them. We see the issue with large companies being in charge of farm animals here in America.
How Pakistan is investing in this protest
We salute our Army no any has guts to capture any part of India
The Western world can come and interfere between the so called third world countries and they cannot even take back their lands.
He no need any symbolism and building !
These farmers are Inocent people.
Solution: Lower the money wastage in elections ,around 50000 crore ruppees were wasted in 2019 elections,vista project 20000crores etc
This Farmer's protest is completely hijacked. this is another Shaheenbhag and will get settled after Bengal Election next year just like how Shaeenbhag got settled after the Delhi elections.
Nothing's gonna change unless you vote for the right person.
Not farmers flag it is "Nishan Sahib" a religious flag of Sikh community (not even any relation with khalistan). Please do research before news reporting.
Thanks for your valuable explanation
aLL are made victims for worlds wide wors 3?
Sandeep sir truth
Which book it's was in
Very upset by the  farmers agitation  and the wrong step by the opposition.  Thanks a lot Sir for explaining.
After reviewing  the 5 State assembly elections  result, and if it is BETTER and in favour of BJP, Farm Laws can be brought in again with the help of the agitating-pro-farm-laws farmers, in another form, by having a discussion with them. S C cannot object to this. So one major battle is over. 
like the recently introduced Agriculture and Infrastructure cess. The whole
Shameless Govt and spineless police
great sir...
What is happening to this world?
Modi is messing with the common man. Modi is messing with the wrong people, the kisans.
Besharam news channel
Shame on THE JUDGES OF THE SUPREME COURT. Can't they see what's going on?? Oooh I think this might have not shown on Republic Channel.
If opposition didnt allow tractor rally , these fucking leftists would have called them fascist . 
We are sikh dont give us abuse dont say us Hindu
Congratulations Sellers (so called farmers) to brainwash and dilute the minds of farmers. Who gave you the right to block the national highways causing problems for normal middlemen.? Who gave you the right to attack the police.? Who gave you the right to use swords (Nihang Sikhs) and attack the cops.? 
Dosto apne apne dth tv se abp news,aaj tak,republic bharat,India tv,tv9,news 18 , zee news channels ko apne operaters ko bolke hata do agar in dalaal media ko khatam karna hai to....evm hatao desh bachao saare world me agar ballet paper se voting hoti hai to bharat me kyu nahi ho skti
CAA should not be repelled on any condition, Every country has right to know who is the citizen of the country.
i support farmer , Always kejriwal party right
AUR TADIPAAR  ?  BAAP RE BAAP . .
Relon Limited
Police should take major actions
Print media is not favour for India development
Peaceful protest by fake farmers
Governments are the biggest cartel and also through the ability to raise taxes create monopoly taxation. And they act as both the judge and prosecutor both rolled into one. This phenomenon is all over the world
timely decisions on Demonetization, Covid, price raise, Rafale, China occupation, Kashmir etc., would have helped us in a big way
In short if farmers think this is not good, so it isn't because, I think everyone has the right to choose what good for them and what not.
 Friday urged Prime Minister Narendra Modi to declare MSP of Rs 2,902 per quintal for paddy, 
Both Rapists were BJP Supporters. Both of them were planted by Amit Shah in Farmers Protest and both were Hindus. Girl's father blamed Delhi Police. Delhi police filed case on victim's friends and Witness. 
It was an act of genocide.Minister a historisheeter is directly  involved  in massacre of farmers by his son who was subsequently allowed to flee under police protection to a neighboring country .
So you can imagine what chaos is on Singhu Border and what we are going through daily. They are thugs not farmer 
People taking sides here just gives chills to me, 8 people died. No side showed the maturity and both the sides have taken laws into their own hands. Both the sides are wrong. People taking sides just shows how much inhuman we are. People needs to  understand that disagreement and discussions are the back bone of democracy.
If the farm laws are so good, why the government suggested for amendments....
2) MSP isnt guaranteed (not mentioned in the ordinances)
Now i have to rely on international media for national news .
 election  are coming 
Highway blockade didnot result anything good for farmers 
Seeing the drama of Tikait gang we become fatup and hate the Andolanji ,Political hand behind this andolan is exposed gradually ,
Taliban & Muslim people will never accept the corrupt system of western democracy  
Plz help all country pancher
This man is openly threatening india & indians.
Happy Gurpurab Greetings 
She is my favorite.... She speaks truth
Hello sir  country ka official name india & Bharat he
Modi should step down!!!
the farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab and Haryana  there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers.  in Punjab and Haryana, the farmers are not only from from jatt caste or sikhs, there are also pundits, Brahmins , and dogar farmers in Punjab.  Farmers feed the nation.Big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Ebany,  Adnany , these big companies are  controlling Modi. These bills are designed to   make  each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmer will have no option to sell to another buyer due to lack of logistics and lack  resources , and  the big companies have the logistics and they  will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and  export to other countries. This  will cause  food shortage in India,because big companies will  able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the  business tycoons, and big companies. The GST is hurting the small shops, small factories, Modi needs to be removed from his throne.
2113 14 foundation  till 2120 in india for world peoples not understanding  so corona climate  jhatiya kissan last 2 years accha insaan ne duk sahan liya ab kud duk bogo jisne dusroko duk diya tirusendur lord kartik
I heard in India people are classified to different levels. Is this true? How come Indian people are not born equal even in 21st century? Where are human rights in India...
Fuckin baised news channel question the minister and BJP all the videos of farmers hitting is after the Violence done by the minister's son!
Greeta toolkit proof that 26 january is a preplanned event. That is why farmer union rejected all govt proposal before 26.
Election is near.
Is dismantling a market place like APMC a solution to have a good mechanism for price discovery?
Shame on police....
2. The paleomammalian (old mammal) brain, including the hypothalamus, hippocampus, amygdala, and cingulate cortex, is the centre of our motivation, emotions, and memory, including behaviour such as parenting.
Camera Thoda peache bhi dikhate ... sirf police hi hai ya farmers ya just a showoff
Mohd arshad ndtv India
Sir , with due respect ,  can you please provide an answer the the following 
Islam and sikhism must be banned.
Farmers dont forget. Its RG and PG both converted this as an  international issue and brought victory to you...
Credit goes to election 
people who beat up the people who feed them .... why should farmers feed such a population .... absolutely shameful ....
Kissan Andolan has proven that these bastards can be defeated  now we have to send them to Jail
First and foremost the govt should understand what farmers want.
Now after Withdrawal of the Law all farmers will  became Rich Again.
Modi cunning as he is knows the 2019 victory is due to pulwama  only a fact his bhakts forget
I have seen and heard in many places the Sikh actually hate hindu can anyone explain me why?
they should go in rajyasabha n vidhan sabha n kill all the politician instead of lal qila
The ones who killed people???
This are not farmers if they are throwing stone, bracketing and fighting with police and in Punjab CM said that he is not going to follow central govt bill then why this drama by Congress party
Minster must resign so fair proceedings can take place otherwise Minster will use his power to protect his son unfairly. and the court will becme a kangroo court.
Those who believe in astrology and they should be acknowledge " MARK MY WORDS " by a true leader whose statement from " Powerful state of India - MADURAI ". INDIA IS GREAT DEMOCRACY SHOULD BE RULED BY DEMOCRATIC PERSON.
2. Make women only for sex and slaves
ABHI TAK QYA KAR RAHEY THEY AMIT SHAH GGAS CHHIL RAHEY THEY
MODI will ruin country , who consider like below.
Sikh are reading gurugranth that is depriving them of morality so thats what is showing up now . Lowlessness and empathy for no one , self centralised move of khalsa is playing its shameless games.
Those who rule by the sword will die by the sword.
Hum yoge ke shath h
Wonder what these Goonda Farmers grow in their Land !!!
No Farmers No Food So plz support Farmers 
Your idea is good. But govt should give confidence to farmer via minister that msp will be continued.
Leader son have to go jail immediately
God please save all   who are participating the tractor  rally  in India  tomorrow . We should not  get into serious   worst  events .
Doctors also have to be die!
Narration is amazing.keepit up.
*Imagine there are No Grapes & No Gobhi (it is the corrupt money)being laundered by the corrupted politicians* Naturally, Trader will take GST & Income Tax Payable from them.  *Therefore, ALL Commission Agents & politicians etc together will have to dish out huge sums of money NOT PAID till now showing their Agriculture Income.*
Real news.i support farmers of India
Too painful & too late...... Government can't enslave citizens or suppress human rights....... No constructive dialogue was initiated
ye ruth gye to kya reet or cement khaoge sb
1:29 to 2:00 that's why north is filthy states they vote for religion in south even ppl vote for caste but remember there are so many castes no party dares to take stand on 1 caste so atlast they lure ppl by development - roads ,comapanies, infrastructure it helps consolidate vote of all castes .. even in south every party do minority appeasement but we r more advanced we feed north by our income if we r gone north will become African nation ... Harsh truth but ppl should agree
Shameless bjp
Even Musharraf claims he handed over innocent people to USA for money . This money he used to buy property in USA & UK
If common men does not wake up now, freedom of Indians would be only in the papers and India would be another version of North Korea..!!!!
        The concept of God, which is not scientifically true, is the cause of the world's racial atrocities, religious atrocities, linguistic racism, Manusmriti caste atrocities, intermediate caste atrocities and caste arrogance.
Came from study IQ coz it was taking side of farmers so was biased  and i wanted unbiased to decide my self whether its right or wrong
Tumko kon dekhrya he chee news no one
Rajdeep was not there, he is now judging what happened there so fast with out any investigation. Lowest standard of journalism.
LAGTA HAI MAXIMUM LOG YAHA PE JINHONE COMMENT KIYE HAI UNKO SIRF GOVT SE BHEEKH CHAIYE PAR ATMANIBHARTA NAHI CHAIYE. KINTE DIN TUKDO MAI JIOGAI ?
Whear is my 15 lack
I stand  with farmers 
This man in chiar is shite, shame on him
Cold war averted.Agri culture not angry culture is paramount for bhakti of annapurna.Farmer sr ctzns must be involved.
I think Delhi is getting liberated from rest of India .. Congratulations Delhi
Another lynching and nothing would be done to the criminals
Delhi good people. Modi is acting like Hitler not like a prime minister.
At the end democracy win
How typical of Modi to sacrifice the nation for party success
You can see usa and Russian  soldiers , when you find some problem at somewhere   lookad Afghanistan  and Iraq  and Syria  bla bla bla   comen  i don't wanna see soldiers.   Everybody  can be human  muslim or Christian  or ataist  is no problem . Try be good person and everybody  can  be stupid,  its your choice.     When usa or Russian  kill human is country  but when taliban war with soldiers  is terrorist  omg   it is funy.    Nevermind i like human who good person  thats it
Government told it will postpone it even for 1.5 years when real farmers can share their worries what good things they want to maintain in the laws and what they want to change that can be discussed in the coming 18 months.
Maine padli samajh bhi gya ty. Aur in that no mention of msp and land taking = no msp is gone neither land issue . 2nd thing protest is not on bill it's on dbt(direct bank transfer ) like paytm ,etc.  to kisan .Ty . Jai hind
He is a foreigner now
I thought i will fine lot of comment about that but not able to find any.
*"Congress* kehete he BJP hatao.*
Hopeless public nuisance encouraged by the publicity provided by the stupid news media chasing ratings
Aur ye News media walo ko kisi ki nai padhi, they are doing their own agenda. 
2. Audio and broadcasting was censored in parliament when division was demanded by opposition so the public could not see it.
Let them be heard ,good luck and much love from the USA
Best reporting in india with proof
 needs Money. Whether you accept or not, there is Religious politics 
Free loading rascals won....
There should be voting of all farmers on new farmers bills before repealing them
Rice production first place - WB
This policy is for international affair too... We saw in kashmir issue in UN..... not wrong .... But its observation....
By seeing this video I think the conclusion is Government Initiative is better for farmers , they are even resolving every aspects as the farmers wants and also ready to negotiate further consequences , And even the main point of penalizing for stubble burning which is the main reason for Pollution and also emitting PM 2.5 molecules  government is concerning for that tooo... This is great, farmers should not be so much stubborn regarding this .
This is a fact.
BILL on MSP is impossible as the price will be vary from time to time
MSP        GOVT     MSP      
Looping video footage every few seconds.
Even Koyabals look like a harichandra before him
Hahahha capt. Amrinder called Abhishek Arnab
But as there was no problem in farm law, non of the farmer was able to tell a single problem in farm law.
Modiji first finish the real traitors of India ... We are with you ... These people are creating a national health emergency in lockdown .. Put them in taluja jail... When they meet their  real heros there ... Sari Jawa ho jaigi ... Farmers nahi ye to thugs hain .. Har Har mahadev.. Shame the govt has to fight the internal goons like manta Banerjee and likes of congress .... When justice is denied on earth .. God does it... Mamta ka jab khaila hobo then see .. Pani bhi nahi magegi.... They think bombs and fire se leaders bane rahenge ... Jin dukhi or gareeb ko Mar rahe hain unki hai justice karegi ... Jai shiv Shakti ... Hey mahadev india main satyug laiyan .... Har Har mahadev
WE ARE FARMER NOT A TERRORIST 
These sp party is a real gunda party.
Who are responsible for these tears?
Tqsm Rakesh uncle 
Decades of war with Taliban and US lost big time. You think an air strike will stop them advancing? When Russia, China, Iran backs them up, American soldiers will be running with their tails between their legs!
God is only one for all !
NDTV only conduct detail  discussion regarding this complicated farm bill.
owaisi not at all bjp b team, who ever say owaisi b team of bjp because of cutting votes why they don't see that he urged  non bjp big party like samajwadi to fight by alliance with mim and other small parties problem is with these parties like samajvadi because they don't want to be alliance with awaisi. They are asking him to not to contest
You know nothing about india so shut up . You put distorted map of country and you whitewash crimes of separatists in country . These farmers are just creating nuisance for common citizens .
Understand how we are progressing at a large scale under Narendra Modi. 
Next India 
BJP IS A FAILED FASCIST JUMLA PARTY .
Very good explanation
Save Democracy, jai hind jai bharat
I understood this bill but why are the farmers protesting?
I hope 143k people who watched this video will support farmers
Quran is Constitution.
This officers orating hindi welll... Seems Manu wadi... Kids and par of godi sarkaar
God bless you my love inden army
, Please.Baccho ko aap chahiye...
Godi media.. "ran over some farmers" "...few farmers". The media doesn't even attempt to talk about the victims, they are given the equivalence of ants....not humans.
Tractor  Play 
Peaceful protest karo or apne desh ko religion se upar rakho.
The dead man was shot by police and the tractor over turned.
People here talking its great initiative, just go on ground level and check situation of farmers in punjab and haryana , how farmers protesting on road yet no one even listening, turning deaf ears not even listen to their demands and passed the bill with emergency power , such a shame of democracy .
So it was a DEMONIC  choice!
RAKESH TIKAIR KE KHET ME AANDOLAN CHALU KERNA CHAHIYE
These is not how strong they are? This is how talibanism is that night is shown by barbarians. Where civilians suffer. This talibanism of Sikh khalsa disguised as farmers must end or should be ended by every means by imposing law and order.
Thanks Dhruv for this detailed info!!
This  move can help BJP in the upcoming assembly elections...
Apka topic ye hai hamara topic alag hai
cong n other parties recommend Padma SHree award for Tikat
Every one knows these 3 Black Bills for Ambani/Adani and will increase ultimately 
.. shame on ... Shame on reporter
Numbers are misleading.........
election time.ELECTION TIME.
Was he drunk stupid question, he ran over these people..
President, Jat Desh Government in exile.
farmer's protest have failed due to violence
She dont need to give advice
They never think about farmer..but when bJP did good for BJP they are playing darty politics..
No farmers no food 
U explained it very well sir
Kangana is no.1 actress in the world best actress and hardworking woman I support kangana kyoki kangana is really queen
Present ruling party is worse than Taliban
Jay Jawan, Jay Kisan, The cat is out of box! Advice to fool BJP  politicians like Khattar and Mishra from Lakhimpur You can fool all the people some of the time and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time. Give MSP to farmers, Jay Hind, Bharat Mata Ki Jay, Jay Shree Ram...
Modi was winning some elections even when the Farm Bills were in existence. Therefore wrong to say Modi backed out because of elections.
3. BJP did not have enough numbers to pass the bill so it rushed it in an undemocratic way.
Sick of personal fake reports around the world.  I have stopped watching or hearing news because of this.
Leave our sikh brothers alone
He was urged by Indian Oppn parties  for this violence.
who told you sit there since 7 months Papu and team ask him why r u disturbing socity
That thumbnail photo look dope. He Is extremely angry. 
propaganda is just to cover the failure
Logically rulling party can never do this as it hurts them most all the way.
Modi govt may be wondering, which gang should we name them any suggestions, RSS??
UPSC CSE GS (Plus) + UPSC CSE Optional (Plus)
abe chutiye delhi police berricade hatayegi tabhi toh road khulega
Anchors of republic tv needs burnol for calling the farmers terrorists......
Cut of Fuel price, Farm law withdrawals. and what else? This gang of wolf under the disguise of sheep are again  rallying to fool India with sugery lips. Don't fall with this emotional campaign. Wake up India!
good, we can import pulses and use it
Tractor chalega nehe to Rath v nehe chalega. Joy jawan.
Great Sir
THESE POLICE OFFICER SHOULD BE KICK ASS ALSO.
Kyuki ye bd#&we terrorist hey
OMG ! the Next PM may be from Kissans of India .
Excellent leader Rakesh ji we are with you Sir
Just come to see and enjoy the crying of Bhaktas .  Along with popcorn  and drinks.
2) This law increases competition among artiyas and private firms , if private firms offer higher prices of crops then it will forces artiyas to increase there prices also.
Close your eyes and we havent seen anything
This cant be BBC ... spelling mistake is real give away .....
One truth was said by the cop (afsar) from a farmer's parivar.  Explains the village mentality that city cops have about women, young couples and night life in general.
Ye jhuth bol rha hai ese counter karo
And the rate of that crop is same as before (when we fixed it) in the market.
Not merely India has this problem, all nations had colonial past has this experience, interestingly the evertwhile still mudddle with the issues,...as we see BBC still carries its colonial agenda, and so are the western push in academics, so deceptively.
If lion  go back three step back that not means go back its come for hunting 
Sher hi wo
India's agriculture development is not even in dreams. Good luck Indian farmers. Slow claps for you guys 
All actors and sportsmen illiterate. They only wants publicity.
We need politician to learn strategies to reduce mass protest at the earliest.
Right expert
I think it is a pre planned attack innocent driver and 3workers are dead
This people are not farmer's  gardars send them to china they sort them out like Hong Kong
listen up !! yes the bills did have loopholes , but this channel is so so biased , they start their conversations by discrediting any decision that that the bjp makes , i think you need to be less biased , analysis part of the video was great , out standing  but why take a side and then talk , why brainwash people in the very starting of the video !!
Jay shree Ram 
Welcome to   state Haryana mewat
ROHTAK 
1:11 This is unfair one side is having lathis & guns and the other side none to defend themselves. Law should allow anyone to defend oneself if threatened.
They are misusing their powers
Indirectly gonna make farmers servants in their own farms.!!
Y this government to kill our farmer.. Agriculture..... If it government continuosly do.. India is soonly see the more dead bodies in all over the country.. Becoz agriculture is our essential...
The PM Post is an Honorable Post. 
Get your facts rights first it was not guru Granth sahib. It just some holy book of nihangs nothing to do with guru granth sahib.
We need more people like nitish, % unbaised
BJP and modi causing chaos all over India.
I especially came here to see his reaction on our victory..pathetic person and pathetic journalist
Lekin MSP pe crop ko sale krne k liye kya process h , kha sale kr skte h crop ko, any contact detail
Still you feel Govt is Lost ??
Why he is avoiding press conference?
why are farmers building their own homes. They should make parliament their temporary residence.
Not clear and confusing. Are the roads being cleared or not? Nothing mentioned about it.
These rich farmers from Pumjab only want to live on subsidies. They will not let any reforms happen in agriculture
 Real Sikhs never do this. My religion means helping others not murdering them
Indians need to wake up! These are not farmers, they are terrorists opposing the farm laws violently to cause chaos and division in India
Thank u sir nice information I realy understand today
No humanity left in Indian police and Government 
Hon. PM Modiji did not make it a prestige issue, he displayed he has No Ego, and repealed farm laws. It is a lesson to All. 
These laws were good for farmers of most states. Only Punjab, Hariyana and parts of UP forced the government to repeal good laws. Bihar and WB farmers made more money by selling vegetables.
This decision may create some more protests.
Not farmers, khalistan group funded by Congress
This modhi risking life of police ..what he doing. Stop the law
Such a dirty politics
And other channels are busy with aryan khan drug case. Totally misleading people.
Anurag Bhadauria representing chaotic Talibani extremist mindset. Their MP praised Talibani takeover in Afganistan.
If you give women freedom she will destroy you with that freedom - Matt cross
Now Politicians don't care about people's problems . They just divert issues
In a democracy, one's educated opinion is equal to another's illiterate opinion as both votes have equal weightage of 1.
The comment section being spammed by poets all of a sudden!
Sabse worste government BJP hai
Banning is a problem. But what about targeting a particular religion all the time? Why there is no satire on Christianity, Islam?
Fuckers of India Canada and khalistani
Abe protest q hora ha hey ?
There is obviously Foreign element provoking them against Government
Stand with Farmers .
R bharat is a fack media that's my openion 
Atul was fidgeting, on phone, reading paper etc. while Tikait was talking . This is distracting TBH.
Sikh contribution to Dalits
This chief advisor ,cifa.  clearly  doesn't know anything.
There were atleast 60000 tractors on Delhi Roads and many more were doing tractor rallies is local area of Punjab, Haryana and other states of India. There will be more than 3 lakh tractors on 26th January and it will be largest Tractor rally in the world. It will be answer for Godi Media who were saying against farmers.
It was a peaceful protest but indian gov doesn't want to make it peaceful ...
Do understand what  happened in RS.I was seeing it live....It was the unruly and desperate oppn was creating chaos. Your political inclination is understood.  But don't ridicule our democracy.
Moga city de main bazaar ch 
Farmers pelt stones..what are they supposed to do they are being hit by water cannons..
Rather than putting maximum price to consumers govt should put maximum percentage of profit that can company earn on its overall cost.
When you are dealing with a FAKE govt built on lies top to bottom this is sure to happen. My salute and support always with farmers. And I strongly believe justice will finally be served. Fakes can only delay it with their diversions.  Full support to farmers 
Why government arrest these fake farmers
Why is the gov still soft on him ?
I am a Farmer & I strngly support new Farm law
*Jai Jawan Jai Kisan. The ones perished will never be forgotten.*
not farmers, but rioters. for months together.
Beautiful.. love , emotion , honesty are so infectious
Sher Shah Suri was the first ruler who introduced MSP in India , to save farmers from the  exploitation of money lender cum traders .
   They should be shot Dead brutally. 
Just now hearing about this.
Am big fan of Sachin but am withdrawing my support he is common man for everyone,I kindly requesting sachin not to come to Tamil Nadu. His image is totally gone down.i hate his statements ? Why he is supporting BJP government? What pressure he is now? We Tamil people will support farmers..
Appreciate to your efforts.
The family had control over the entire onion, chilli and grape trade.
3:10 pavitra hirdey sey smjayea ?? My foot 
This Is India  . Ministers have all the power & justice in their pockets .
The ray of hope to step into 21st century farming is gone, When farming is hit hard in future, note this because of some people stubbornness and ego the whole country is going to pay the price. Do festival now, lift farmer bodies later, no one can reform these idiots
16 minutes ago (edited)
Farmers are poor soul, don't do anything wrong to them, dear police.
Very very impressive and thoughtful lecture
"Yesterday is history"
Comment section shows the wave is in the favour of farmers
When the whole world is struggling to save the lives of the people from pandemic corona these reckless protestors indulge in tractor protest paralysing the economy . Hope better sense will prevail on them soon
Black mailing karrahe hai they do not have patience
Ye speaker Alexa h!!
these 200 families  will pay for if they  trust them ...dont they have female members in the family ..what are they taking about ...suicidal
Kiunki anchor direct indirect se bahut paise milita he
Wait for Bengal's assembly elections and you'll see how a huge no. of bengalis are also in BJP's side
This is a Double Jumla.
Silly news reported. That is not journalism.
Imagine having hindu flag on red fort and the resulting meltdown. 
For me high technology in farming may not be a rosy picture
Now leftists and pseudo liberals will call SC sanghi as well lmao
Hahahah makes Pakistan down allah make them fight each other
The law is for the development of rich businessma not farmers. They passed the law for getting money for the rich businessmen.
Sir, I am so so grateful to u that ur efforts had made history so interesting.I also know it's not an easy task .But I want u to make videos on ancient and mediaeval history too. Students like me will be really grateful to you.
Rip BJP
Farmers of these two states should not act in such a selfish way!
Shame on india  media reports shame shame. They are all losers media reports india  shame shame
Supreme court is blind?
So government take right decision 
Kisan dusre trackpe hoteto bhookse log marjate. Gadhe Chinake puppets chorichupe chinase business kar rahehai isiliye china borderpe kabja kar baithahai. Desh ko China ke hawale kardiye ye idiots  Modliko bhagao desh ko bachao 
I'm  nearest from Lakhimpur Kheri.
BJP is doing wrong this time in this case. I am loosing trust from BJP. If someone do in AAP he will definitely take resign by arvind kejriwal.
      BJP    ,          CM   .
what a shame Ek Omkar ko manne wale satya sanatani hotehai fullfuling your duties and not hurting others also helping weak & needy people are humanitarian values  Dashehara ki shubh kamna   jai hind
Last.   25.   Salo.   Me.   25.   Lakh.    Kissano.    Ne.    Atmahatya.    Ki.   He.  Last.   10.   Salo.   Me.   45.    Lakh.   Karod.    Rupees.   Msp.   Ke.  Niche.    Ke.   Ret.    Par.    Garib.    Kissano.    Ke.     Lut.    Liye.    Ye.    25.    Lakh.  Garib.    Kissano.    Ko.    Vapas.    Lao.    Or.    45.    Lakh.   Karod.   Rupees.    Garib.    Kissano.     Ke.    Vapas.     Dilva.   De.
after year of protests
Jootha
poor research done on real matters. dont just publish or make video based on personal opinions rather than documents or proofs.
Oh god this Fake Dhruv Rathee
IF PEOPLE STILL WANTS TO KNOW MORE NICELY THEN PLEASE CHECK MR. KHAN FROM PATNA. VERY NICE TEACHER
Your good English,is of no use. People's know your intent. People's know who are the traitors indirectly fed the strike
Madam this not democracy india is fail now because we  have megical prime minister now country is with hands of God
Instead of blaming USA and Russia for fucking up this country, blame this guy.. Exactly what they want you sheeps to think. Fucking morons. Learn some fucking history before you comment. Taleban are afghans as well. Let them sort this shit out. If Afghans have no balls to go against the Talebans fuck them. Who the hell is Bush and Biden to send us to get killed in the name of war corporations that profit from it.
why government is imposing these laws when farmers don't see any benefit. Laws are implemented for the welfare of the people if people themselves do not see any benefit in the law then what is even the purpose of implementing that law.
BJP  many times justified even the gang rape in favour of rapist. From Kathuva to Harthas Still BJP party men supporting in favour of criminals.
Watch this watch this
Rakesh Tikait is a goon who has the audacity to say "hum soochna dete hain, permission nahin lete"..pathetic..no way these goons can be considered annadata
Journalists be using words like : 'Godi media' , 'Whatsapp University ' and still be calling himself a Journalist like duh...
The bill is not bad. Farmers are not wrong. A negotiated solution is possible that will benefit the farmers. The bill is FOR them
God shall wipe away all tears from off all faces.
India should send army to Afghanistan. Indian Army is a a world-brave army having experience  XXXX against China Ladakh.....! Help best friend of Afghanistan....
Pakistan is celebrating their terrorist brothers in arms the Taliban they now will partake in ensuring the misery and suffering of Afghanistan continues unhindered.
Amir aur amir aur garib aur garib ye. Inse ache ko anrez the. Unhi ko bula lo wapis.
all these fishermen should be put in jail and flogged
This Government has become NAZI Government.
Now farmers have negotiating power in Mandis ?.  We have seen farmers throwing on roads when the price of tomato crashed to less than a rupee at Mandis.  They could not even recover transportation cost, where was negotiating power.  Now the mandi cartel decides what rate.  If existing system is so good or just good, why are farmers committing suicide.... Oppose for the sake of opposing or opposing is itself an opportunity to make money...
If you like to Taliban .get out from india..ok
Instead we see these other violent anarchists funded by outside forces as the face of the region, which gives the whole state a bad name.
Farmer protests and their impact on Indian politics, explained: https://youtu.be/BzQSs51cl48
Don't know how I bumped onto this. Anyway Damn good clip . I also have been watching those rather similar from MStarTutorials and kinda wonder how you guys create these clips. MStar Tutorials also had cool info about similiar money making things on his channel.
Has america got its act together lets see maybe stop all the bullshit and deal with the true terrorists in this world the taliban dont excist neither does isis there all fed to america by the enemies of america will it now turn its sights to the real terrorit threat to the world pakastan who have been feeding all wars in the middle east with home grown terrorists..!!
How is Farmers bill taking away anything from farmers?
The only channel which presented a neutral view on the farm laws. I don't support bjp but I still support the farm laws after understanding the economics behind it. 
I thought that no war is necessarily over till eternity.
My wooden latrine is better than indian parliament
Goverment is not removing APMC, the Farmers can still go to the mandis
He wants to limit anger before the big crisis next year.
For those asking about music it is dj freedem you can check it out.
   CDS       ,
To have a projection the farmers need a predictive models, which Indian farmers do not have.
Lati charge, water cannons in cold winter, nails barricades.
Psalm 37:10; Revelation 20:2,3
Turns out this footage is actually from Brampton.
Also Abhijit ....msp is unsustainable...
This  is done  by Chinese  Industry
Why letting money laundering to prosper post notebandi
Oru puthiya anubhavam........ Thankyou so much for wonderful travel vlogs shared with us.........
the government said that the laws are for the welfare of the people if the people dont want them the government can withdraw them i am not a bjp hater but as a normal person this will directly or indirectly effect the bjp government in the long run , bjp government has seen most amount of protests i have ever seen from my own eyes .    peace
Yeh bhot glt h.. Yeh akali dal wale politics kr rhe h kisaan andolan k naam pr.. Inke ooper lathicharge hona chahiye qunki yeh log sirf politics khel rhe h.. Inn mei se koi b real kisan nhi h saare neta h jo politics kr rhe h... Aur inki ghatiya politics ki wajah se common people ko dikkat ho rhi h..aur toh aur inhone section 144 ko toda h aur police ki permission b nhi mili h inhe
As per legal system of India. 
Paid Actors Murdabad!!!!!!
7. Furl khalistani / religious flag on national monuments (religious flags in a Farmers rally???.... Was it a religious rally or farmer's rally???)
Caste-based differences have also been practised in other religions in theIndian subcontinent, like Nepalese Buddhism,Christianity,Islam,JudaismandSikhism.
It's very wrong Indian government policy mudhi it's Criminal..  I sport Sikh
I hope you will answer
SDM did absolutely right . Real farmers are on crop field . Those who gathered there were all political parties goons .
I am doing a PhD in Economics and I can say with utmost confidence that NONE OF YOUR ARGUMENTS MAKE SENSE. 
Shekhar Gupta is only genuine journalist in left eco system
And people will still vote them
Do you know how much pollution is contributed by other things in India?  All the other crimes that are going on? You think the protest is a picnic? You couldnt last a week out on the streets, easy to talk online.
sham on this rul
But farmers are not understanding this.
BJP news.....abp news app ko rakhey picchey
bikaoo prime minsiter and worst prime minister of indian history
Why liberals aren't complaining of covid
Where any very wrongful activities are going on, Pakistan is always  there to support them.. What a disaster country this is.. Sab se pehle aap ko ghabrana nhi hai.
Modi offered to talk in houses, n what the opposition did was walk out...U know these r modi haters n not bothered@ country progress. If these monkey are pretending to sleep they cannot be woken up. Anarchist Protestors being middle men, donot want agri -reforms which will close their shops n will never agree. 90% Indian farmers shd've hit road against these 10% protestor which dint happen..U've seen, protestor (rape murder supporter) r putting new demands n continue with road blocking causing nuisance to common man, ignoring court verdict .. Supreme court hits soft targets like Govt to show itz people friendly n  as usual indirectly supported anarchist by not taking sumoto action.
If it is suspension, it is no good. Reminds me of dossiers after dossiers to Pak after 26/11 and Pak kept on asking that dossiers are alright but where is the proof ? No hopes unless Government acts tough
Dr Singh had guts to file cases against 2G scam and allowed Minister to go to jail as that time Oposition BJP demanded it and went for an clear investigation 
Full support to our farmers 
They were very well inspired by the Capitol violence. The Capitol violence was different but this was on a whole new level . Almost 1 year has passed but this incident will go down in history.  Plus Americans who are watching it will be like - '' Oh , that's my boy ! "
Rajdeep told there is a FIRING and a person died. He made his mischief Very well.
Now GODI will say these Kisan are all Khalistani . This is what happens when people are angry with BJP and GODI media has no balls to question the government. Jai Hind.
Doing a great job ndtv
I tried to pay 3 times atleast. Some issue with google pay link on ThePrint page
Good explanation, govt is right and support new farm bill
Jai shree ram 
When America stopped giving you charity you cried for beging from America and the rest of the world. What do you think about China and Russia? Are they Muslims?
If there were stones pelting on Zeep Cars of BJPs Gundas,  then they should had stopped theirs cars instead of crushing the SATYAGRAHI Kissan & a local Press Reporter. And then by the way , if BJP Gundas had been killed  by Kissans, then these Gundas of BJP would had been remembered as martyrs of BJP by making theirs staues in Lakhimpur.
Two minutes silence those who contributed  this channel 
Thank you sir for providing two/three videos in a week.
You are really a good story teller.. 
so they have time for all this. Why the hell only they are not okay with this? Why not other state farmers protesting?
History Repeating ?? Act now!
Let Anna say what is wrong on Modijis Farm Law
All these power greedy fellows are  anti national elements..
Sir I am CDS aspirant but my father is a farmer in UP. This video help me in SSB.
Don't blame farmers.. please don't scold farmers... If we agree this farmers bill ,we won't get food for all..farmers who lose their rights...
Govt killing it's own people
Farmers never be a Murderer..... If they are real Farmers then why they killed 4 persons?
If Govt says that Commission agents are driven by greed , then what drives these large corporate houses, are they driven by charitable intentions. Will they provide the farm products to end users on a cost to cost basis or will they also make profit. Why is the Govt trying to portray the artiyas or commission agents as sole villans and large corporations as sort of some saints.
how does it work in other countries ? I don't think MSP work
I think Shatna Kumar is puppet of #Modi too like #CBI. They all want to serve each and everything to Ambanis and Adanis noting else..
Who else skips whenever Modi speaks?
There is no use appealing to this FAKE govt. They don't care at all. This country have no any democracy or concern for the voice of its people any more. It's been long taken over and now controlled by few wealthy business mafia who won elections propogating lies and FAKE social media attacks on the actual truth. Your lies will defeat you...and more and more people are now taken it as a mission to defeat you FAKE BJP 
Anchor was awesome ,  proud of you
BJP CHOOR MURDABAD
The best explaination present on internet... ..huge respect to u ma'am...
Farmers you deserve a big salute ! And my sincere support for your focused efforts and protest. The FAKE BJP govt is evil and they will continue with their diversions. Stay focused and your efforts will not go in vain.. Full support to farmers who are leading this protest for all of us patriotic Indians 
Itni force aur power pakistan, China pe lagate na to hamare jawan saheed na hote
What's saugat first you describe the meaning of saugat, then debate
Being a farmer from Maharashtra we want revaluation of farm policy.we accept Farm bill.
Up only Congress
I want to inform everybody that India is full of communists so just ignore these types of people ( specially like Dhruv Rathee ) .
Good telecast 
Beate BAhner a Respected German Medical Lawyer wrote a 19 page document that locking people in their homes is illegal, psychologically damaging, violates civil liberties and violates the Infectious Disease Laws.   so she was beaten up , taken to a mental institution and thrown her food on the ground. Hurriedly markle called congress to change the Infectious Disease Law-to lock ppl in their home,s close all small businesses and leave big buisiness open, force people to put something on their face part of their body, force psychological torture on children by masking them, and solitatry confinement.
When they will start believing on machine there is no difference between usa and taliban
We are against of these gov and media
Power > economics > reform
Very clear explanation. Thank you 
what type of bill "Farm bill 2020" was? was it money Bill?
This is political famer of congress party , to impress madan sonia gandhi sorry Antony Mayo , fake degree holder & fake gandhi rahul & chalu billi priyank banana  people
You doing good job.... Great
*WHEN YOU TRANSFER CASH INTO FARMERS BACK ACCOUNTS , THERE IS HIGH PROBABILITY THAT THEY WOULD SPEND IT ON BUYING LIQUOR* 
NO MORE FREE RIDE IN NAME OF DEMOCRACY.
Sir please tell when will u start sociology optional for 2023...please reply sir
Shameful
Broad daylight gundagardi chal rahi hai. Mob violence and killings is smaller version of riots only.
Why not arrest this broker
The person reporting should be sensitive enough not to repeat the question about his fathers death again and again..
Total reform for food industry, anybody can create food related businesses
The Taliban can not accept money held in a western banking system - such a banking system is forbidden in Islam. Anyway, they don't want 'western interference'.
"Shows that Justin Trudeau hardly cares for the relationship between India and China" !!!! Hey Mr. Reporter!!! China kahaan se Aaya beech me ??? Trudeau Canada ka PM hai. Dimag thik hai toh Aap ka ??
Very good they deserved it.
Universalise the msp .
Thank you sir.pls provide  videos according Kpsc  group c non technical post syllabus
This is the fear of losing elections even as Central Elections.
I m the Farmer... and I Am in Support of Bill.
Turning point of PM in the basis of farmer revolution 2022
if Modi is serious for apologies he should compensate all farmer for their 1 year suffering each farmer family 1 lac rupee... give reservations in govt jobs to all farmers.....give free electricity.... give farmers education quota in all colleges.... farmers are the only true God ...they are annadata... jai kishan parivaar... shame bjp govt
Mem ap bhut ache padhte ho
Khalistan banao shikh qum this time will never going to come Jag  Punjabi Jag love from kashmir pakistan
Ab conditioned mama
Now it is actually against Modi government. It is not farmers protest it was ones. Anti BJP forces along with antinational parties have joined together.
Dont Trust this BJP/ RSS/Godse Saverkar Bhagts , BEWARE
YOU HAVE SAID NOTHING ABOUT HOW THE FREE MARKET REFORMS WILL HELP FARMERS! WHY ON EARTH WILL THE FREE MARKET CARE ABOUT FARMERS SUICIDES?! The reforms have to be in THE LEFT direction (MORE PROTECTION!). The current reforms are in THE RIGHT direction (which ironically is WRONG!). You just showed some antique documents and old laws and quoted specific professors. But not a single argument about why free market is better for farmers!! 
To win Punjab and Hariyana  drop GUJUS/Marwaris otherwise India may not celebrate 100th year
USA  is NOT SUPERPOWER... but SUPER COWARD.
bjp accept defeat because of election but what after if they win election will they once again plan for farm law because one of the bjp ministers says that
It is really sad very shameful act of Central and Haryana Govt
Very well analysed DK!  We need reforms. Sad, the PM has squandered his chance.  His image of powerful PM is his strength and his liability.  Ministers pander to his need to feel invincible. Also, high command culture is killing BJP.
Third, the three farming laws are good for farming enterprise.
Bro you are best leftist youtuber I have ever seen.
This guy has always been anti modi so interviews of him is completely useless because he can't be neutral
Go back farmer
Earlier I thought news laundry is a cool news link as they boasted how their channel is unbiased and all ..Today its proven that newslaundry is not reliable and is definitely biased ... this channel is picking emotions and not the facts ... thanks such channels are only creating the problem and ruckus .. and definitely one must check the background of this media before relying on them blindly..
Oscar performance by Modiji
United we can do anything, achieve anything. We are one nation !
Thank you for all these explanations sir. Really appreciate all the efforts of this channel. :))
Pranams to both of you. Yes, exactly & definitely the khooni congi amarindar won & he is playing game & these moorkhonka moorkh BJP govt. played in to his hands  without thinking & letting out their voters.
farmers are usurped by the Rich / Super Rich farmers. NRI owners of 
All the freebies / subsidies / income tax exemptions are meant only for actual tillers only...
The poor Afghan people live in a miserable corner of the world. After 20 years of aggressive war and destruction, the participating countries must be responsible and compensate the Afghan people with trillions of dollars.
Hold on!!!!
This is strangulation of democracy....openly
There are ways to PROTEST...but some bills which is not BENEFICIAL TO your state doesn't make it necessary that it won't be beneficial to other states.  Regulate.... don't abolish.
Correction: six states---Bihar, Kerala, Daman and Diu, Lakshwadeep, Andaman and Nicobar islands, Manipur and Dadra and Nagar Haveli---have no APMC Mandi
Full Mark's to India today for trying to save BJP
Just as the demonetisation of black money was dismantled, similarly the two giants of Punjab and Maharashtra were destroyed by this bill.
Agar 24hour k ander america ne taloban k uper action nhi lia toh , baiden america k liee acha pm nahi hay
*(a)*- to Freedom of Speech and Expression;
10:07 that mean i should not say a 'rotten banana',"rotten banana" ;because it might hurt its sentiments.
He is previous RSS member.....
This video is forged. Why there is need of beeps in between?
Rakesh Takait is a Haryana police inaction creation, he was a very ordinary thug, Haryana Police inaction made him a fake political farmer leader. 
long live farmers of our country
sir plz provide the PDF of this audio script
So wholesome 
Blackmail in plain sight.... sad day for my country.
@bisbo do you know that how much farmers are suffering due to not getting msp, every job has hiked its salary in last 50 years but the farmers incomes remains same. My father is a farmer I know how much it is important, cut all subsidies but atleast give msp. Farmers are not even able to pay for the investment how do you think they will feed there children. My father has to open up other business just to survive and give us good life even after having 200 acres of farm. Government can easily support it as they provide so much to other working class and it is economical feasible. Take example of brazil for sugarcane , corn and wheat for North America. I go though all of your stories and they are very much to the point but about this topic I am disappointed because you just took one side and showed the other you should have thrown more light after research. Dont give subsidies take tax but at-least give msp  so that people know which crop they should invest in . And every acre of land if difference you may have 20 acres suitable for sugarcane but you may also have 2 acres in central not suitable for it.  Agriculture has so many risks in it that with this structure it is not going to be too long when people just leave farming. 
Top US Health Experts: New adviser Scott Atlas giving Trump misleading/incorrect info on coronavirus
Thanks sir
According to religious history of Sikhs and muslims they never want to fight but if someone troubles them a lot they they never leave him .
This decision shows us 
be true in information
        OMG ! Pardon me for voting BJP in the last elections on the behest of Badal 
Why are they protesting?
Mr. Chengal reddy elected representatives does not mean god 
Thanks to our pm Narendra Modiji jai hind 
Educated but still unEducated.
Recommended resolution: Empowering farmers to lead by experimentation, build consensus and make choices rather than embracing contract farming as the only option. Farmers can yield trust-worthy results by understanding problems from all prospectives. Explore broader ranges and allow leads to more innovative solutions that address underlying factors.
A small shopkeeper also sells his goods at fixed prices. But a single farmer is the only one whose crop price is determined by other people. Why is it like this? I am also a son of farmer and support farmer protest.
Taliban will win every war untill they believe their shoulder .
Farm reforms are a different kettle of fish and would require more thought and tact.
Hi is reall tigher ahead sha
PM modi should watch this vedio
This is a false narrative
We will continue our fights against tyrannical governments and evil corporates.
Us spend 2 trillion dollar on afghan war and 1 super power county but can't defeat tailban this is shame
These violent  farmers are not protesters.
Thank You Very much for your valuable explaining
In the ending- bruh where did the relaince dance come from
UP is a worest state in India and UP politisian too...BJP..will.gone..soon
Press F 
 Takait will not agree without 
Farmers: We r the Nation. We are the strongest and we r those who made u  PM . So Mind it
MSP ki ganiti. Tum news channel bhicholeye Ho kya phle kha the tum aaj aa gye bjp ki support karne ke liye
the real farmers are working in fields
Bjp jjp modi chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor
Very clear explained  of amendments.
Who to get dis pdf
That was like a 1984 incident  never forget that 
Shame on you police
Nice saree, Man he never gets tired of this. When he gonna act for the good of our nation
Modi has shown weakness in the blockage incidents, in the insult f national flag and in the U turn. With the Hindus being a bit more aware, religion has become a factor in Indian polity. But with them having no other Hindu party BJP milks their emotion but doesn't care about them as they will have to vote the BJP. Thus Bengal boils, sadhus are killed. 
When FCI has no money to buy the crop then how will APMC work. The Govt is by design suffocating the FCI
Jai jawan jai kissan Yogendra ji face of humanity and simplycity
Congress and protesters - we were successful in setting false narrative. 
thanks sir 
Shame Delhi Police, Republic Day K Din Jaha High Security Honi Chahiye, Uss Din Koi Lal Qile Ma Chadh Gya, Aur Aaplog Kuch Nhi Kr Paaye?? A Big Big Failure Of Delhi Police.... Agr Farmer Protest ka Ya Haal Ha To Agr Terrorist Attack Hota To Aap Kya Krte??
We will support you till our last breath 
No one should send any force against Taliban.
Such a non realistic video 
Best news channel study iq 
So when are we nationalizing Air India again?
Bow bow Bokne wala reporter
But calling them terrorist is very difficult for dallantop
For almost 200 years we are under oppression by a corporate, now less that a hundred years it seems like we are reversing back to the same situation. What can we expect when a land filled with great minds but is being ruled by these uneducated goons, these makachut who doesn't care about the welfare of our nation. What the point of celebrating the republic day when our constitution is being turn upside down and pissed  on by the one who was chosen to protect it, we are celebrating of what was and not what is.
We must force n make bjp open in all members ,bjp knows only one thg making fight b/w hindu n muslim
I am not a perv or anything like that but maaan if I had to see only dudes all day long I would go nuts. For real, how do they do it, I don't get it!
Even if the government increase their number of storage facilities (capacity) one question every one must ask is that are we building those storage space for meeting the demand of our mases or just to procure from the farmers so that they stay happy.
I think the next election may hallucinate him?
It's a mask, hidden agenda is pro khalistan terrorist organization, funding, organized by evil sleeper cells in India
None of these leaders are concerned about the farmers  or National interest. Their interest is about wining states like Punjab and then make a double u turn
just search on youtube: "farm bill 2020 mahipal sir" and watch the first result...you will know why farmers are protesting...
They want the nation to buy their product above market price...
Big conspiracy 
Rest 2 laws were never in d favour of farmers..  That's it.
The war was with US not with India,
nice joke bus on road side godi media zamir bech deya hai keya ..vo vi dekho jo police k gunde pakade the kal protest m jo bus k mirror thord rahe the
They will win soon
"""""""Privatisation Of Gov Assets""""""".
Please read new law
The way captain tweeted to it shows the kind of gentleman he is, shame on other congress so called leaders trying their best to take advantage of it.
Beautiful dear nice job god bless you for teaching us new Kisan bill
Now real farmers will know what they lost.
Those who were thinking that block that part of video is undemocratic are stupid, there is clear procedure that whenever voilence happen in sansad the video or audio block , for not transmitting the voilence scen to international media
In this country all these so called human right activists are busy shouting for rapist, murders and militants. But when it comes to police brutality against farmers and teachers, everyone go silent!
Ye news to subah   me thi same to same... Kaun likh rha h article..
Support the farmers 
A salt in the wound of BJP by opposition and kejriwal
Imagine going and asking for permission...  be like walking the plank...  terribly sad situation.
2019 election    navjot Singh sidhu               ,    6             GDP 
Why no such debate ever took place on this channel. Clearly explains your mindset and agenda. Media should be neutral, neither negative nor positive. But this is just a saying these days.
Heights of hypocrites
Love you kissan bros ... I am also a farmer
These bills are for corporate not farmers
Ye hinduon ka matter the isliye piche hte h, tum mt soch lena ki caa Or nrc hta lenge,
Good Job. Why India is crying always?
Parliament is like a class without a teacher
Simple, supercool and perfect...thanks a lot..
Request govt to withdraw cases from original kisaans but put this baa***rd dacait into the jail. His behavior was too bad.
Love you all team
#RSS #RAW #MODI #INDIANFORCES
The desire of Pakistan is accomplished by this acters.
PLEASE  STAY NEAR POWERFUL PEOPLE. THEY ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR LAW'S, POLICIES, LEGISLATURE. FULL SUPPORT TO FARMERS.
Abhishek farmer  ho
Thank you so much mam.
Option C is the  right Answer for this question
All these bills will ultimately lead to inflation and the final losers will be common public a day will come when dal and chaval will be more expensive than tv and fridges the monthly budget of people who are lower middle class will crash and government will have no say in it because they will have every aspect of essential services outsourced.
Killing of farmers is not important only 10 gm. drugs which is not found, is a serious crime in India.
Parliament session just a drama for Indian , thora chilla chilli dekho fir channel change krr lo ,
After three years BJP RSS and jjp dekhlo kishano ki taak after three years khel khatam hona taay h please wait Karo don't mind please 
I request India to drop your obsession with the Taliban. there are many other worst states in the world like israel,north korea, Myanmar who are as worst as the Taliban. but since the world has accepted it. Taliban too will be accepted. we could do nothing. all options failed.
Now they may even claim Bharath Rathna
Hello! We have translated subtitles available in Hindi and Punjabi. You can access them through the settings icon > Subtitles/CC
Modi had to bow down to the power of the farmers.
Priyanka ji no doubt a good politician, Thanks a ton Priyanka ji for raising your voice for justice, Shame on BJP how they represent their government. BJP would lose the election this time, Yogi government delayed justice multiple times. These incidents raise the anger  and frustration among public.
master stroke... wah this godi media has no other work.. well paid by bjp
Here in the essential commodities act,the "no storage limit" signifies that one can store as much they want and this will actually encourage the traders to build cold storage facilities.You actually interpreted it wrong.
Given the manner by which The Union Minister facilitated the evasion of Arrest of the perpetrator of the murder by mowing to death of the innocent peaceful farmers, proves his inability to be honest to serve the people fairly, furthermore his speeches to mow down the protesters is also criminal instigation of the crime committed.
Please keep price low so that i can buy
Modi (thinking about up election)- for the betterment of farmers... 
BJP prepared for Hindu Muslim agenda but Sikhs came out of syllabus.
Abhijit you seem to be hating Modi with a passion ...  Politly in clear words without any rudeness explain
Farmers issues need to be settled!
Hitlar government
 Only 6 percent of the farmers avail of the procurement facility of the govt under MSP. And most of  the other farmers trade with local small scale traders with their price fluctuating. Hence making MSP mandatory will send those small scale traders to jail. That fear in those traders will adversely effect farmers since they wont find much buyers. So legalising MSP is redundant and is also disadvantageous to the farmers.
These are not farmer these are congress made terrorist.  
Politically, it's all about Punjab and loss of commission agents..
Ravish, you can try anything but can't build a leader.
They hurt no one with swards. Just dara rehe hain.just want to scare.
Who is she
Unjust and unfair as unnecessary rule became important than humanity.
NIA KA ADDRESS CHAHIYE THA TIKAIT KO... AB BAKKAL TAREGI NIA
AIM 
How low the government can go
Follow Dr Gaurav Garg on Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/gauravgargeducation
The point is that, where is Indian going to install its terrorist camps.
       ,,                                 already                                               
Thnk u so much
Ndtv is leader of all media. Proven
But the some people who hates modi and the khalistanis who take over the andolan...
instead of eating dry fruits , build some toilets ,  you need toilets not dry food , I have another offer for India ,  Pakistan can give them Kulfi  lol ahahahahha
Is this original YouTube channel of BABA ?
Imran Khan has not praised the "Taliban takeover" at all. He has asserted multiple times including very recently, that there should be an inclusive government in Afghanistan in which all factions of the Afghan population have their due representation.
Salute to you Scoop Whoop 
        screen        please..
Zee news ... Bjp news. We understand your problem... U guys doing wrong coverage because of the pressure of bjp
At least condemn to Kar lo.... Yaar...abhi BHI kitni slow bol Rahe hai it's a religious flag.....jab CAA ke time hua to desh fascist ho Gaya tha,,,, lekin aaj secualr ho Gaya....
What does these woman understand about law did they have gone through all three farms laws ? I doubt that they are paid protestors, so as rest of so called illitrate  taboo farmers
Total Indian Farmers should come out and protest against Agri laws to Save Farmers future and for the sake of total country
Who is this faltu leader
Sir maine whatapp or dia h pr abhi tk add n hui group m
Lathicharge is the way to teach the unruly gundas in the name of farmers needs the lessons
Mr Bannerjee is in conflict with himself 
Mamta showing condolences for barbaric vandalism in UP
Psycho Dictator modi will kill every common man if he is spared to power again..... Cheap mindset chaiwala...
Modi and Amit Shah should resign for failing to safeguard Red fort from incursion during Republic Day.
Why beep everyone is scared or what
Superbly explained about current scenario...recently i faced loss cultivating rice same as explained in this video...
If watching this does not make you cry ~ what will? 
Justice for farmers
What a lecture sir..... Always with farmers.
This is the development(vikas) indians voted for, wanted.
unite. Jai Hind and Jai Bharat.! guy who did will be and must be 
Just shows what the government has done to the people of india in these 4-5 years.
Bhaduti Public ?? BJP sports
Neeraj Chopra ## Hindu sher from Haryana 
They only hope of life
Shoot at Sight needed
BJP IS AN ANTI FARMER PARTY WORKING FOR THE RICH CORPORATES ADANI AND AMBANI. 
It's lose of all Indians today we must now realise why modi is needed for our nation, else we'll be misruled by this fetish, egoistic, poor, horrific, incompetent and divide and rule typo leader
They have taken decision to take back, but 3 farm law still there.   Chronological Samjho UP , Punjab election
Because of peoples like Rahul Gandhi, Kejriwal and Mamta bannerjee and Uddav thakre this nation will suffer 
God is with them
They have become blind since 2014. According to some dumb people congress is totally corrupt  and bjp 0%  corrupt.
Intha 
When Modi government did not bulge nor met Tamil Nadu farmers when they put their demands in Delhi,  she says she was trying to the very end for Modi would bulge. Bull shit...where this lady went when TN farmers agitated... now its for Punjab farmers she resigned...
Who come here after bill rejection in November 
NU VA LASATI INTIMIDATI SI VENITI AN ROMANIA CU MASINILE KOAK ANARMATI CU MITRALIERE NUCLEARE NU ARE VOE NIMENI SAMI FURE MASINILE  VA ASTEPT LA CERBU VALE ALBOTA  JUDETUL ARGES  FAMILIA STOICA MARIA .ROG AUTORITAYILE SA COOPETEZE SI SA  NUMSE LASE INFLUENTAYI DE PROFITORI SI HOTI . .
5:14 the communist flag being hold
the most awaited decision
 JAI HIND
All farmers are not educated..
Great news 
Explanation should be universal..not politicised...dear sir this is competitive world and conpetatative market..
Shekhar ji please cover the draconian and fascist crypto currency ban that Modi is planning to table. Cant believe this government keeps repeating blunders time and again
Well explained about  thre acts. The Gvt. should think on the suggessions raised by you. Tq.
16. Height of hypocrisy bro seriously hats off to you by running this propaganda channel
     The permanent solution to this is to reject the concept of a scientifically untrue God, to eradicate the racial atrocities of the world, the religious atrocities, the caste-based atrocities of Manusmriti, the caste-based atrocities of the intermediate castes, and to create human, human equality, humanity and human resources.
I don't want Modi to be my country's Prime Minister. Im witnessing more injustices in his tenure. He is not even opening his mouth on any issue. His focus is mainly on his beard
Why does the PM sound like an kindergarten teacher - ummm...The bottom line is the farmers dont trust the govts intent.
Modi gov taking same approach as JP and untimely it will fall big time.
Revenue records by corrupt Patwaris etc ,.turned these once hard working
Let the Govt. invite all the farmers union leaders from all over the country in the talk and let them face a handful of leaders in the protest. Solved isn't it.
Amazing series by Sccopwhoop unscripted . Cheers to the entire team 
Yes sir your right But      ""   .       ,      ,   ()       Care .  : 1) BSNL        &   -  BSNL &    . 2)     'Coffee Marketing Bord'       and   CMB   -        .           .    /  ,      ,     Implement   .
Pathetic opposition.
Just drag modi and amit shah who are hiding in the parliament, drag them on the road and just punish them.
INDIA IS " BHIMA RAJYA".
BUT SIR PLEASE MERE 2 3 QUESTIONS HAIN..BATA DOGE..TO APKA BAHUT DHANYAWAD HOGA..
Perfect explain...
Shame Mr ArnabNew heights of bootlicking
Goverment How to control Land???
Justice for farmers 
To conclude this bill will enrich farmers and eliminate middlemen looters
He has no knowledge about former rules. He is SPEAKING lies. He in not intelligent person.
India's Mother is in danger.
The plan is to block and take control of entire Delhi 
It won't be good it seems, first see your power and then tell 
Punjab is essential for the production of rice in country.
Well explained 
But these laws were already introduced in abroad and proved to be disastrous. These laws also states that no tax needed to be paid for private sector, clearly indicates that it should increase privatisation. If Privatisation is introduced farmers are prone to be fooled by corporate companies whose agenda is only profits. As we know the literacy rate of farmers is comparatively low, they will not be able to understand the company policy and conditions before signing any agreement. In order to protect our farmers I think government should be involved and help farmers through the process.
Shown us ground reality of protests ,
3. The only issue is with those stupid and shameless politicians who want to keep farmers uneducated Idiots.
Those people can not be farmers. Farmers of our country cannot be murderers. Those are anti social and criminals. Govt needs to put every gathered criminals in jail immediately and punish them all.. Be it hundreds or thousands.
Warning from Holy Bible to Humans:- The time is fulfilled and the kingdom of God is at hand, please repent from all your sins before Lord Jesus Christ, thou shalt be saved and thy family members from eternal Hell to eternal Heaven Amen 
After knowing you are anti BJP we don't expect you are true reporting you are just biased
Now that's something beneficial , unbiased and in such a lucid manner..thanks a ton Shantanu sir 
Good..who wants to export to terrorists
India's political opposition is a laughing stock.
The people who lodged the   Cases  against the Congress leaders are belong to a particular political party whose main aim to given the bad name of opposite parties. its only political strands only.
Nation  safety
correct action
Intro of post apocalypse movies:
Hypocritical Pakistan
@The Lallantop
Arrest & interrogate this man. A lot of   truth will come out abot this protest
Gain nothing but nautanki unlimited 
Respect from Pakistan 
Indian army n police must take strong action against this angry Farmers !
Wheres Modi Government
There are clear videos of the two cars in formationramming trough the crowds, there seemed no pelting of any attack happening on thr vehicles before the attack was made. This is an inhumane act by the driver of thr vehicle and clearly with a motive ( however twisted it may be ). He has been proven to be a BJP worker and so the BJP should justify his actions. 
wt is this shit,?why u bring political people for decision, bring general public who belongs to Delhi and eat food everyday grown by farmers
That, I shall have no fear of the enemy when I go into battle and with determination I will be victorious.
Finally 
THANK YOU REPUBLIC WORLD FOR THE INFORMATION. 
They are creating such  situation ....and
YOU ARE RIGHT SIR I SALUTE YOU.
just be honest Arnab,,,you care nothing about the nation...all that you care about is money.
Proud of the farmers of this country. The farmers of this country has sacrificed their and their family welfare for the middlemen of Punjab and Haryana because 80 percent of MSP money has been bagged by farmers of these two states only and other state farmers are anyway at the mercy of unorganised sector buyer. Now these other state farmers can not get access to corporate money and technology to uplift. I bow down to their selfless sacrifice.
News anchor very bad man
I support farmers I stand with farmers
Which one is 1 in 22+1?
Sometimes violence is needed...
Thank u those brave farmers!
This is the real face of covid19 plandemic to crush the descent. Now we can easily understand the all of a sudden increase in covid19 cases in Delhi keeping in mind of the said agitation.
Strong leader yes, but surely not goonda leaders !!
Thank you people's prime minister Modi
It's an embarrassment to humanity. Cruel act by government against farmers.
Super  explanation brother I will share this to my friends  support from Tamilnadu 
Dont mislead. You were in the position to control but you purposely didnt.  Now, you are barricading as if China is sitting at Delhi borders.
Most unbiased journalism I find in the print . All others shd learn from Shekhar gupata . Kudos 
There has to be done in banking sector. We are frustated of work overload due to employee shortage.
Please respect them 
In the Afghanistan is internet bands and western people are not interested about Taliban Pigs
Modi         .... Such a shame!!
BJP aur RSS is creating unrest in our country,they should be kicked out from our country
THE REAL FARMERS WENT BACK TO THERE VILLAGES THESE ARE BROKERS AND THERE BONDED LABOURERS 
Time passfarmer protest will not be. Survive more.dead andolan.ek do tikit ko utheke fake do.
Unless stoping running this GDP model it is hard to sustain farming practices
These farmers looting other states farmers income
From those facts we can conclude Taliban only follows Evil doctrines
headless lots in bjp.
Terrorist USA your time has been finished.
Right work police
6.	Verb transitive with an indirect object and a direct object. (Underlined at Page no.61)
	Export subsidy.
NDTV and other sickular promoted farmer protest as a tool as Modi Government. It looks like this incident is a slap on those faces. 
can you help me to understand this madam.
Put bjp Down#
Thank you Sir ji for explaining everything this clear..I am student and i'm going to start farming soon so I was searching for govt. Acts or rules for farmers and I found a right channel to get the Information.. THANK YOU!  IT IS SO HELPFUL.
Illegal crowd in Covid period.
You need to study more.
AB UNHE RAJNEETI PARTY BANANNA HAI
Two of my cousins are farmers by choice and are supportive of this law, but the unfortunate situation is:
Sad to see Indian citizens dying.
Indian : farmers , student
Pls sir make vdos on ancient history
another problem is if all farmers start growing only one crop that has the highest MSP then when will happen to FCI. because most mos the farmer is going single corp then water consumption is more. 
Only media to cover real public issues. History will remember everything.
If this protest was to defend farmers, then why is that only the wealthiest farmers are fighting against this? Its like Amazon saying socialism or communism is bad for the country. The highest farmer suicide rate is in Maharashtra and Bihar, not Punjab. Whole India supports this bill except for Punjab. We all know what Greta Thunberg tweeted along with the toolkit explaining exactly what Rihanna has to tweet and at what time. This is all an atmept to break and systematically dismantle the worlds largest democracy to create Khalistan. DO NOT LET FOREIGNERS DIVIDE INDIA AGAIN. LOTS OF FARMERS THROWS OR SELL AT VERY LOW PRICES  AS THEY DON'T GET BUYERS AS THERE IS LIMIT ON HOARDING 
Worst pm
What a explanation!!!!!
Tum hamare upar gadi chadhaoge to kya ham chup baithenge pahle glti un logo ne  ki to ye anjam hua
Mental SDM need emergency treatment of this DM.
Congratulations to Indian farmers
Congress became so so weak now..
Its tough to perform duty,please understand that.Hiwerver it is very unfortunate incident
How many of these kisans are crorepati ?  Why don't the journalists ask this question to farmers participating in mahapanchayat ?
Stop calling these useless goons farmers.
Hahhh biggest slap to those who were explaining the benefits of these Black law's andhbhakts modi bhakts 
He is not anchor...
These laws were passed in a hurry without proper parliamentary procedures and debates. And the whole India has seen that.
Had farm laws been successfully implemented , me shekhar would have boasted about it.
Give countrymen that before seeking vote from 25-35 yrs
Aap bhut ache ho
Excellent video  make every bit about the farms law clear
Teach them to observe all that I have commanded you. And be assured, I am with you always, to the end of time.  (Matthew 28: 20)
Yoginderji, move towards development of the nation instead of indulging in langers, shabeels, dharnas, virodh and Fissiparous activities.
Than your next vote for ...
So,sad why ,president of Aicc Rahul Gandhi want to visit Lakimpur.Is he want to support lyninches
human life is very easy (Food, water , air everything in Nature god's grace free but we never understand these) but  our desire and they control the land we can not become a independent living life when we understand these then you feel god grace in your mind!
Its victory of our farmers, families,and those who have lost lives in this revolution, jai jawan jai kisan jai hind 
As long as Modi & Amit is enjoying french mushrooms and organic potatoes.. All is well in India.. Whatever India is going through nowadays all because of blind and deaf Bhakhts..
How much money were you sold for??
Believe him he is the only Person to take india Sky High
After one year, we are here , and we win 
Hence proved=>> the degree from whatsapp university is useless. Farmer Rocks [JAI JAWAN JAI KISHAN] [BHARAT MATA KI JAI] [BANDE MATARAM] [LONG LIVE DEMOCRACY - LONG LIVE INDIA]
Proud of our indian farmer
My advice to farmers . Stop  selling your goods to the market for  6 months  or more than a year. grow your necessities for your self .. then the government will come down to your knees.  The farmers are back bone ... all the people  in India should  suffer from food . Then we will know the pain of the farmer. .. please support ... If you agree
Our Sikh leaders should ask help from China   why they are silent on 6 murder on red fort
Congress party is not at all bothered about either our country or welfare of it's people .Their only motive is politics.  Whatever BJP does to uplift the country ,Congress only wants to oppose it because they want to spoil the image of BJP for next election. Those who support Congress are also equally responsible.
If captain+bjp alliance forms govt in Punjab ..it will the really victory for poor famers across India .
Farmer's is the future of my country
It's a biggest insult of God.
12:55 the expressions 
Look at this animals 
More than 3 Lakh + Tractor March in New Delhi.
Those who are saying against of farmers they  first should know about the bill . 
And what steps can govt take for helping farmers except these bills
If u dare show likes and dislikes......shame on u Godi media
how do you sleep in peace Arnab every night after telling so much lies day in and day out and vomit so much ugliness to the world!!!
will completely destroy us, the farmers.
Time  hs come for HM  to act to show that peace cannot be allowed  to be disturbed at  any cost.A case of weakness by the  Govt .and Delhi Police
Kissans bacho BJP bhajo desh bacho, dictatorship nahi chaley gi bills vapis ho key rehey gey. Hariyanna ate Punjab mil ke chalo
Shame on Zee news for hiding truth. Minister k bete ki koi galti nahin hai kya. Woh toh batao
Please conduct interview regarding this with the concerned prime minister..y gov is forcing if farmers don't want this change..this same terms were implemented on Bihar state and farmers of that are suffering now
Sorry PM, time and life were lost...your sorry is nothing to them..don't bring laws without consulting the concern people...you are a server for the people..that's it... 
This is severe miscarriage of humanity. Shame on me being a human.
First you have to make the veggie delicious and make the kid understand that veggie is good for health. 
'Sukhbir Agro' of Sukhbir Singh Badal had an income of at least 5000 crores annually. He was the commission agent between FCI and farmers. His company used to get 2.5% commission. All the warehouses belonged to him. No farmer could sell even a Kg of wheat to the FCI without the tag of Sukhbir Agro.
God bless you brother
What is this HERO name?
Using pandemic to pass any bills and this is result.
Why farm laws have rattled lutyens media
TRUTH fears no Investigation and one day TRUTH will Triumph.
Put these terrorist behind the bars
Annaji, those 3 laws were enacted to stop farmers doing suicide..More professionalism & private industry involvement would have bettered the lives of farmers for centuries...Gigantic opportunity missed and Indias growth momentum is taken on reverse gear.
A Parliament - approving Totalitarian Laws
It's not good bjp
Is money laundering channel still exists? Only because of anti nationals like aap or rogues like kejri rogue chadha.
Atleast someone tried to explain the problems properly
Supply chain, cold chain, NEW jobs, NEW Technologies, NEW Research, CLEAN business, NO middle-men, much more far reaching effects on economy than PVN Rao's 1991-1992 economic reforms.  Actually much more!  Some OLD parties of India hate transformation!
(b) a clear price reference for any additional amount over and above the
Many false prophets will arise, and will mislead many; and as lawlessness spreads, mens love for one another will grow cold. But the man who holds out to the end will be saved. And this gospel of the Kingdom will be proclaimed throughout the earth as a testimony to all nations; and then the end will come.  (Matthew 24: 11-14) 
Bas Hosla Buland Rakho. 
0:10 he is not even a farmer....
Some one says india is one of the most democratic countries in the world
Really I hate BJP government
Make your separate khalistan , we are with you.
He say father is Home minister??? someone plz correct him or write him what to say
Then abb taak Evry Agency  to Central Govt would have gone Bersek 
And sing pop songs about luxury cars 
Thank you so much Sir 
That's how u win against a fascist government
7. The foreign punjab seperatist/secissionist group sikh for justice announced 1
Beeter expain
Fourth generation battle
Fantastic work by team on collecting data from past to present. But the real disappointment is that Video does not talk about any real solution.  Your Experts are only finding shortcuts of blaming   PL480 scheme of 1950 till the latest Acts. Dear IIT professors and experts, pls do not be only knowledge babus. Pls apply your mind and make one more video suggesting some real solutions. Most confusing is the statement that India need 42000 mandis hwile it has only 6500!  Have the current 6500 mandis of Punjab and Haryana ( within 80 km of farmers)  incentivised our farmers to go for mixed cropping or move away from Wheat and Paddy?  Have you ever studied why India is importing Rs 10,000 cr of apple and Rs 60,000  cr of palm oil every year?   Because some other countries and their farmers have learnt to grow valuable quality crops with the economy of scale and at a lower cost to be able to export world over. Their people work harder on finding real practical solutions. While  I appreciate the current video,  request you to work a little harder than just compiling good data and a few interviews.
TRADERS, COOLIES, MIDDLE PERSONS, LOGISTICS ARE DEPENDENT AT THE COST OF FARMERS
It is shame for us the 40/- Rs of mustard sheed OIL sold in the market @ 250/- per kg.?
Parliamentarian system runs by multiple parties is a disaster, not a democracy! It divides people into party factions and turns leaders against each other instead of working with each other to serve people.
Rss goons that's what ..imran Khan..says
The existing system would remain in place as it is, the government has just offered an alternative which is high profitable for farmers
Godi media to ye sab cover hi nahi karte, thank you sir
What's will be effect from them by protest
THALI-BYAN. Stolen that's Gun.
Why dogs are allowed inside parliment ..citizen ready with stones in stree to pelt these dogs
I just came back to say that everything is happening as Abhijeet had explained in this video.
Plz one "off the record" video with kanhaiya kumar.
No judiciary or no government or no act can stop them.
read comments sharam se marr jaoge
Sir , please make a video on mandal commission
COME ON FRIENDS TALIBAN SIKHO SE MIL RAHA HAI HINDUS SE NAHI ...
Govt is doing wrong
Option D is right...
As 2 is incorrect so  option A B and D automatically get cancelled
The bills don't force the farmers to change track. They only give more options. You can choose an option or not is your choice. The real problem of the protesting farmers is that, they used to go buy the produce at much lower cost from Bihar and sell it at MSP as their own produce. Now the MSP will be linked to land records. So these farmers can't cheat other farmers and will get their share of the MSP benefits. Of course these farmers are protesting. Punjab has become a hub for drugs, Christian conversions and Anti India activities. These are being bred by Foreign hands to destabilize India. Today the water table in Punjab has sunk very low. Where you could often see Atician wells, they have disappeared. To grow rice you need a certain amount of rainfall. Punjab is much below that. Greed of a few is killing them. The protest is totally WRONG. Sadly the money is coming from opposition, foreign lands that want to destabilize India, And Psudo Sikhs who want to form Khalistan and are being used by Islam against India. Anyone supporting them are knowing or unknowingly behaving in an anti National way.
Election babu bhaiya.... 
When Section 144 is clamped in U.P. Priyanka and Akhilesh Yadav had no business to fish in troubled waters. She wanted to fan the flames of fire. This insolent lady was arrested as she misbehaved with cops and wanted to play dirty politics over dead bodies..the situation had  already reached flash point.
Where is intolerance brigade, liberandus, human rights, free speech champions, rationalists? They are all silent. If any Muslim would have been killed then it would become international news about bashing Hindus and defaming India. It proves Hindus have to be vocal about Hindu human rights and not expect from so-called human rights activists, organizations to fight for their cause.
We know i live in America i that. Wt in that new rules babby. We r smart then bjp think.
TN farmers - first time?!
Sangeet som is the best leader
EVM mashin Ben
The Indian supreme court simply passed the ball into the ruling government's hand proved that they are Mody.s slaves.  So there will be bloodshed is to be expected on the republic day.  The Indian police are not honest humans, they are bone biting and licking dogs. they are not eating rice or roti for their stomach.  if it is The police never ever go against farmers. Because the farmer's demands are not selfish. it is their life and future generation's life.
What it cost
CHUTNI AVI TYAREJ BADHU THAY KAI ONLY INCREASE OF RATE OF EVERY PRODUCT
#11monthsoffarmersprotest
Ravish kumar jii, plz telecast about railway exams
This is called bad or ignorant reporting. Either way both are same.
Sir make vedio other bills also
Loveley
4:55 Abhijit says reforms are needed....
Good luck keeping that in the air . What a joke
This the Maturity level of PM MODI
Modi ji uour govt is showing weakness and antinational movement by Tikat is doing the way he want to disturb contry environment
Pls. Mam evidence act vi study karwa dijiye
9.58a 8f21
nothing in written
www.straightpathonline.com
I support the farmers. 200%.
The one and only thing that everybody wan't is development. For this, remember these words
THEY DONT BELIEVE IN EQUALITY HUMANITY
What an acting sirji..
Quite dissapointed with Mrs. Supriya ( congress spokes person ), she is one of the few congressmen who raises the right question and generally well prepared. However, this time she seemed to only bring up Priyanka Gandhi's arrest and not really question the arrogance and mishandling of the situation by the state governament. 
We people will catch you directly for unnecessary giving wrong direction to people.  Supreme court must put you into jail for your wrongful will
recently recommended 
I. support farmers 
Farmers are fighting for country, for their future and existence, Farmers giving food to country  , but police are using tear gas, water canons, bullets for killing Annadatas
U are throwing tear gas own whom who are grow food for u shameless 
Plz give your lectures to ladies which have a good voice so that voice can reach to  inner mind of students 
Sir please attach PDF
Hand  of God 
Arrest there leader who ignite this violence
We all appreciate Heros who do and make movies on such subject but when its really happening where are Heros.these are real Heros not Bollywood
So you can destroy public property, block highways for months, rip the national flag from red fort -no less -, beat the law enforecment; all in the name of "protests". if this is not anarchy, what is?!
purchased by fci in punjab are not grown in punjab instead they bought from other states and sold to fci by middle men by forming account
Modi, Bhama Shah(Amit) now showing/ projecting him as Bhama Shah. Nautankibaaz, Jhoothjiv. 
Yet they are peaceful protesters.!!
Awaj election mei suni .. phele awaj thi andolan jeevi the  .. tukde tukde gang ..
The clips you showed also had the workers protests it's no 'farmers protest' anymore it's a proletarian uprising
A story of struggles and solidarity.
And if corporations dominate on food, all we would get is poor quality, stored,  and unfresh for exorbitant prices.....
Sir you are just great , your explanation was on point and I would say completely unbiased . So all this sums up to the fact that farm bills aren't that bad but the government needs to make aware the farmers of their rights . 
It is very good so why the farmers are protesting......?..
'Farmers clashed with security forces'?? Biased reporting yet again! Farmers exercising the democratic right in the biggest democracy in the world and won! Protesters were routinely and strategically  attacked by the government and their thugs! Nonetheless framers remained peaceful and determined! Take a bow to all those who dedicated the last year of their lives to this cause and finally they were heard! Inspite of the media and government colluding against them
1) Was the Swaminathan Commission and its recommendations to be implemented?
taki  Desh ka future clear ho
Why did pro reform farmers not come openly in support of 3 farm laws.? The agitation was predominantly by Punjab farmers and to some extent by Haryana farmers. The western UP farmers agitated for guaranteed MSP not against the farm laws as mandi system and procurement is much lower than Punjab and these farmers go to mandis in punjab to sell wheat.
Thanks
India Today how low will you stoop to save BJP.
Modi has turned into a literal Hitler.
What  were the black laws? Does ANYONE know? What in it that was against farmers? Which clauses were against the farmer? EVEN AJIT DOES NOT KNOW! hahahahah
police : i took it personal
Didi ap bahut ache se explain krte ho  i am big fan of urs ...... 
Just to benefit his corporate friend, our PM is selling entire country to ambani adani
Modi hataoo Desh bchaooo byai to the
May be tactical decision by PM to re-launch bill again with certain modification after election,as voiced by BJP MP's, Ministers 
Why there is a system of parliament if there's no discussion
3 Laws should be improved instead of repeal. punjab aur UP ke addtiyon ko andolan ki jeet mubark ho.Tiket & Yudhvir gang misguided the innocent farmers who neber red 3 laws even...
the panel member appointed by the SC summed up everything with his statement, the 90% of farmers i.e going to remain poor for the next 50 years without any reform, congress party explodes in celebration!
I think he is the boss of CIA he knows everything about everything
Farmers needs to be told about the impact of over production of wheat and rice. Why should tax payers pay for wasteful production of wheat that nobody consumes?
Bjp. . . . . . . . . .  . Bjp and . . . . . 
this is the fault of the central and state governments ....itne bade country ko koi 6 maheno ke liye lockdown karta hai kya...aur kiya bhi to logon ko at least khane ki suvidha deni chaheye.....This would totally shake the parliament
Agro industry could do wonders with High Tech farming and world class quality food processing. 
Perfection 
Why is people's voice never heard..
Wonderful truly hit what I was looking for.. thank you
Where were u Before ?
You are  trying to confuse on all the matters. One side you are asking MSP and other side you are saying Corruption in FCI so ask either or MSP or do not ask for MSP.     ,                      ?
Thanks sir  u r a greatest man. And wait next vedio. I'm fan u.
Farmers- victim
If the Taleban did not recognize the Durand line then Afghanistan be marged with Pakistan in another name.
wonderful explanation
Growing wheat & rice is not their choice. Its because they get MSP only on these crops. This is disseminating wrong info. This precisely is the difference  between somebody like  Shekar Gupta who only has limited knowledge about the complete agrarian crises and legendary P Sainath who has covered length and width of the country and lived with the agrarian crises. Shekar Gupta should take classes from Sainath before talking on farmer and farmer bills.
we are border districts ok karanrata due to mandi system. we cant sell our group to another state where the price is much higher. 
The farmers have lost their Trump card now:(
Modi let's China invade and build a villiage in India but to act to tough in front of his brainwashed fascists he does this to his own people
Bjp motherchot
Ur channel is doing a gud and genuine work....
Thanks savior 
Place where people talk sense.. not bull****
If you want freedom be ready and willing to fight and die for it.
BJP and puppets at high level are printing money others are being used and will have a dark future.
Pakistan is the King of Rice in the International Market!
4) Improvement in Crop intensity (through Irrigation, PM SINCHAI).
Your voice is too good...
Such a great documentry and great protest 
Very Lucid explanation sir , loved it!!
Please Immediately Implement Mandal Commission Recamandation in World Olimpic Counsil  Honourable Priminster of India  Honourable President of India  Honourable Chief Minister s All State Government's of India  Ganesh Iyyer Manappari Trichy DistTamilnadu 
 farmers into super middleman and brokers for small farmers / Artiyas - a
Why are all protesters here Panjabis? Why have they come to UP to protest ? Are there no kissans in up , bihar or west bengal ? Where from are they getting huge money to roam over india without doing any work? They are not any way farmers.
5:39 JABR JAST MOVEMENT... 
Definately it was true
Peaceful Endia , world's biggest democracy
Awesome Video Sir. Really Thanks for this wonderful explanation 
Ajj wo andhbhgat kisi kone me muh chupaa kar baithey honge jo bolte they bill kabhi wapiss nhi honge
I am with farmers.
If Hindus are laughing on this conflict let me tell u something u guys are not even allowed to talk about  how China invaded in uranachal they have built whole village there u didnt have spine to talk about it
_Rescuers Dig through Ahmedabad's Trash Dump For 12-Yr-Old "Rag Picker" buried for the past 2 days_
Why r tv not showing the video of confession at site by police
Our farmers won!!! It was indeed the longest protest after freedom! Wish spineless people around supported them rather than calling them Khalistani/terrorists. Indian farmers and their movement is going to be remembered forever around the world. Salute to the Indian farmers and SHAME on Government and Godi media!!!
Dont get sujata pandey she makes debate a roadside quarell dont have any common sense.
56 inch proved to be a 56mm today.
The 3 black laws were taken back because of upcoming elections.
Simple Breakfast by our Farm representatives.
Preplanned
No one need to beg him to resign  if he got any shame he should resign the day one . We should feel shame to have theses type of MPs in government.
Good samajwadi party is not in power they support gundagardi..since the time BJP is in power it's only the gundas in  UP are being hunted down..
Congratulations , our country is going 25 years back
FCI which is one of the most corrupted dept in GoI to do away with it u need to do away with MSP.
No body want to listen you
Instead of a loan waiver, fund the training of farmers using new technologies and fund new machinery for them. Those that dont need to farm anymore can be upskilled through government funded programs or a one time off grant.
What has it got to do with you
the actual :a social animal transformed to an animal,since 2014 till today
Lovely work Lallantop
It's dangerous! Taliban will find and kill him
Sir how is the trading of agricultural produce done in kerala...why is it different from APMC system..also does it  mean that the govt is not providing MSP benefit to farmers in kerala?
Real Famers remained silent 
PM has regrettably given into the andolan-Jeevis and it is regrettable! The egg is on his face now! What ever political expediency derived out of it will be a small gain compared to emboldening the break India forces and their agents with their workable tactics! The losers are the poor farmers and the credibly of the Government. If they wanted to relent, he could have left it with the States to take it up or not!
This Sharma is anti farmer congress agent .... How???? 
Service sector gets canteen facility, medical facility, minimum wage, minimum pension, but is there any minimum guarantee to the farmers?
Democracy Is Alive..
Action must be reciprocal and mighty
First learn how to speak English. Just because you don't mention msp .
PEHLE KANOOR RADDH KARNE KE LIYE RAHUL SHOR MACHA RAHE THE LEKIN ABB DISCUSSION CHAHTE HAIN. KITNI CHALAK HAI?
2 largest so-called democratic countries in trouble. India and USA
Tum log digital Godi media ho. Shame on you and your cheap stake leader.
Now here what I can see that, both the govt. And the farmers are absolutely ryt on their way. But when it comes to certain interest govt. Has tried to safeguard its own.
Pls first of all .go through all the act nd then make a video its a humble request . There is nothing like that k loss hone pr farmer ki zameen chli jaegi....nothing is written like in this act.
100% agree with you sir
Farmers are responsible and real and royal for democracy
Aap sath me nhi the kya
You Rajesh is only man harming to country
Put them in jail
Your middleman argument makes no sense...Why can't they just be hired under a different name then? That "organic" instant credit system you are talking about is vulnerable to exploitative methods and although has its innocent uses it can be used to rip people off and launder money....?!
Bechare ye rote hi rahe ge, is liye ye log hare hai 
Is this really sensible for what you are trying to portray. You are just playing your propaganda. Don't have any integrity.
And Develop indian business here
Now other farmers will protest to get them back
Please also throw light  on silos constructed by Mr Adani. Isn't it FCI  who uses these.   Behl 83
Excess use of Chemical fertilizers + 
2. They worry is about sale of surplus production of crop, why can't they go to another buyer. They can even go to APMC at MSP price.
you hv conveniently ignored the  historical context of entry 33 , it was enacted in compelling circumstances in a legacy of World war 2 .
All Hindus should unit
Bhut acchi     app 1      
Time to become athmanirbhav in dry fruits..
The farm laws which were enacted were 100% correct and BJP knew that..the people livin in punjab those r farmers who r roaming in Porsche n can afford to pay the apmc the Mandi bill but their is not one section in the whole india uk other regions where the people r not that wealthy r unable to pay the bill they can sell it to private companies without paying any tax n when it comes to the thing that if the produce is not that gud somehow then they can sell it to apmc as usual with msp..n the thing that farmers were saying that they were not consulted beforehand..what do u guys think ? Modi ji had a dream last night n decided to implement the law next day..this law has beeen in the process of discussion since decades..
these farmers from punjab will be responsible for fucking lives of crores of other farmers 
9.48 is where I hit subscribe. Great content dude
Election          ... Third class leader
What are the historic disasters please looks like you also lost your cash and have to pay gst now.
No more reform laws in India!!!People this is the first step of India regressing back to nepotism, corruption and socialist agenda of the liberal Congress party. Have fun with your victory and eventual endless poverty and leftist liberal politics of 2000s. Thank you media and liberals.
BJP destroyed harmony of India in all sectors
The most beautiful language in the world is PUNJABI. Punjabis are all over the world and make a difference. We love SANJA PUNJAB.
Following footsteps of fattu Savarkar sir?
Sabse bada Jhootha, Propoganda and Bakio News channel in the world. Shameless channel.
Long Live, the INDIAN FARMERS
There should be zero tolerance for highway blockade .. there are other way to show ur displeasure ..why making life worse for common man who want to commute for business.
Sikhs no longer stand at borders for India as you though but now you all know they stand at borders to protect Punjab but if anyone gets past Delhi it's Indias own problem no Khalistan problem. The foreign investment for Khalistan shall be the n ira billions as we have taken over the block chain and creating cryptos that will keep all banks and invaders at bay. We are too smart for the world...just ask Britain government how very clever Sikhs. We build our wealth and now have the deepest pockets to take over economies and close them down 
Govt should take such strict actions against the revolutionarys for our future safe and happy
Catch them and shoot them nothing is bigger then nation 1st
Chore hai
Essential commodities me jo holding capacity ko fixed nhi kiya yahi se logo me bhay hai ki market me bania km dam me kharid kr hold kr lega aur use uchi dam me bechega, onion, tomato are the example.
Well said sir to thiss fakerss
I come from an India where supposedly educated ppl celebrate repeal of laws that would've liberalized farming economy, enabled farmers to sell anywhere, reduced food prices.
According to the PRS Legislative Research, the percentage of Bills referred to Parliamentary committees has fallen from 60% and 71% in the 14th Lok Sabha (200409) and 15th Lok Sabha (200914) to 27% in the 16th Lok Sabha (201419) and an even lower 12% in the current Lok Sabha (since 2019). Many important bills including the three farm laws that were repealed recently did not get discussed in parliamentary committees.
Modi bad aashole India  bad governments of India
BJP and the Union Government who prolonged the strike have  to anwer who died and killed during the strike.
Nice but not good
Without that, it's like throwing them out of the ship and they're saying, they don't even know how to swim. Govt. They are the backbone of Indian society, Govt. needs to have understanding, empathy & compromise
Real news
INDIAN system in Not honest with farmers.
OUR  TERROSUM  IF  ANY 
Why other state farmer aren't part of protest ??? Bcs the the middle man from Punjab and haryana fear the loss.
24:37 right question asked to Akash. He looked clearly perturbed 
Great quotes NDTV! It was great to hear from farmers.
Farmers should be supported by all states
Loved it
I actually read it Maha Drama. 
 The reason, Pakistan Army ISI doing this ,to keep Baharat off Afghanistan. 
Is Manohar all khatter has any responsibility? Is he fit for CM chair?
I don't understand why Kangana really hate Muslim and Sikh 
This is the most insightful and balance presentation on the implications of the bills. Instead of agreeing to include the exploitation preventive regulations you mentioned, the bills were simply withdrawn. The farmers are back to square one. The farmers always bear the brunt - in India and most parts of the world. This has been historically been the case for most part of human civilisation.
yooo wtf this from 2 years ago and the same thing is happening there using water cannons and tear gas nothing changed
Sir I request u to make more videos like this 
Ravish is anti indian...
They have arms to buy ,but no food for the people .
This channel need boycott
Modi is a great strategist there must have been a good reason for him to withdraw. We need to trust Modi. Losing UP  could be devastating for BJP. India needs Modi  & BJP.
on his death bed he will realise that all he did in his life has come to nothing
Jay Shree Jagannath from Odisha
How much more hurt and pain do they want to shower on their people.
Fucking congress
Good news,good country,good Indian,continues shouting speaking talking.
 thankyou sir 
Canadian prime minister is childish stupid man.
I dare you to askt these questions to Central government minister or PM.
Tikhait is killing it. All the anchors r looking idiots
Two Incidents: 
Obscene. The free world should be ashamed.
Very well explained sir... 
Foolish person
Corrupt chair's in parliament under BJP ruling! RIP India Future!
Now the poor farmers will be under the control of land Lords...
This is big failure of BJP government, even after nine months of struggle to convey their grievances  , still farmers struggling on roads, but insensitive government least bother to address public grievances. A important part of nation ( farmers) who is in service of providing food has least respect than players who are in none productive work, get more attention.
USA is a nation of random people. Where else do they expect food to come from besides USA shelves? The nation of random people(USA) everyone grew since the grocery store invention. No worry for food 1901 only pleasure that held secular together New York, USA for the world.
People: Silence
I support farmers first but after they put khalisthan flag in red fort with our national flag, i just hate them..
The Red Fort is the heritage of the Mughal period. By conquering this, the Sikh warriors of the Mughal throne brought to Amritsar and today millions of devotees bow their heads with respect to this historic symbol everyday. The fatwa of the martyrdom of Guru Teg Bahadur Sahib was given by Aurangzeb sitting on the throne of this Red Fort. The red color of this Red Fort is red with the bloodsheds of Guru Teg Bahadur Sahib's unparalleled sacrifice to save the existence of the Hindu religion.
After implementation this bill.. The farmers leader could have initiated na or state give also can initiate... Or panchayat also can be... But no one is coming and talking in thus rirection as far as farmer strike is concerned
What nation will honor the talibon as a legitimate government? Do they really expect that advanced countries will listen whatever these taliban people will have to say?  They overturn their government they have not been voted by the people. They took the government by force and humiliation and they want gold medals for all these?
Ur perspective is biased. 
Matherchud media Bandha kr
Budget is now..... Show piece...hang it on the wall as calendar
Om Shanti
Khalistan is the only solution....
Remove NEET IMMEDIATELY same way.
My full support to farmer for there legal rights
Your teaching can make us IAS. Apki jitni tarif karo kam hai.Apse Accha teacher mene zindagi mein nahi dekha. But you have some missing, please make polity videos free. Apke vache se ham merit me nahi arre. Please God
Corporations will be benefit from this by black market, they can break the contract and farmers cant challenge in courts
 please stop now is not the time to protest, India is suffering please stop
Listen to P. Sainath on youtube.. He says Farm Bill is the corporate hijack of India and it Will Create Utter Chaos, and this is a fight for India , not just for farmers. ' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAQ-l2U4sAg
I hope they join congress...
This will be the master stroke and game changer by government if Farm bills is implemented and executed properly connected entair India by 5 years the agriculture sector income will be more than USD 5 trillion to the economy.
UP needs to divided , it is largest number of Lok Sabha and Vidhansabha seats which play a decisive role in politics. 
Thank you guys, literally hats off to you guys for educating people and make them understand about the ground reality. Please keep on doing this.
Madness at large.
My heartiest congratulations to the FARMERS,who have written, a  History in Indian Democracy.
He is M..O..D..I.. !!! Can he be trusted?. Atleast I don't think. He WILL certainly pull the earth from below our feet. I am all the more scared with ,only God knows .what his draconian plans are. Till then  pleased for the time being but with fingers crossed
Each.&.every.indian.soldier.willing.to.die.for.motherland.but.not.a.single.politician.willing.to.die.for.motherland.
Farmers do not.. Handicapped Punjabis do not get even a single paisa 
India teaches me again and again, that the categories into which I try to divide things dont hold up.
Reporting chhod kr dalali kr lo aaj tak walo ....sry sry...bhul gya tha whi to kr rhe ho
That is taliban "defence minister" ?
300 people died in protest..
That vehicle was already attacked it seems.Look at the glass.
Pandey and Megdnad are mature but this Atul guy is immature, not of the caliber to interview leaders.
Just one forward Please
          Salute to Farmers who are struggling for survival of 75% population of the Nation linked with agriculture and  protesting against the atrocities of corporate politicians who are trying to giving control of National food grains in the hands of some corporaters for profit purposes who drink tea in a cup of Rs.3 lacs.
Bhind mandi
Monetisation Pipeline..... Dusre channel ke anchor ko ye aunty se sikhna Chahiye...
Rakesh Tikaitji  put down your cap. Be ready to go to the jail forever .
These are not human. These are parasites without souls in human body. They should get the same treatment as parasites, get eradicated. You know who.
With love from Taiwan
If govt. encourage Netaji Subhas then it is against the Gandhi ji non-violence.
thank u sir. please upload a video on all rural development & agricultural schemes
fake audio  background
Put MSP in the Bill
Can these kind of behavior  be tolerated by govt in any country?
There's probably a phonebook just with the names Singh in India.
Ministers also need to watch it 
They are Thugs.
Very good brother
This is so stupid those reforms were absolute necessary for development
Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Long live Kisan Long Live AAP Long Live Honest and best CM Arvind Kejriwal
bjp is antinational and it must be disbanded
This guy Yadav is a parasite who has nothing to do with farmers and it's movement. This guy will want to keep our farmers poor so that jokers like him could enjoy like the Union leaders.
Nice brother
why not ask these fools what are farmers demands? why not ask these fools to reply only after reading the demands? why not ask these fools if they know how many time government called them for point by point discussion, which so called farmers (?) refused many time? Why not ask these fools how come poor farmers can protest so long, so are they really farmers or ????
            22   1500 .      complete    , please   
Stubble burning should not be compromised at any cost ,it has hazardous effects on enviromemt.
Kashmiries plz dont ask  sympathy from India,,RSs India killing their sikhs as well
I am wonder why our onion supply from India still unaffected with this mass protests.
Sad he saw his own father killed infront of his eyes.Minister gunda son ni kitne pariwar barbad ker diya.Besharm miniter bola mera beta ni kush nahi kiya.Thefamily looks middleclass farmer.peoplemust help to provide legal  assistance to fight for justice.
If Indira Gandhi was current PM then she would have given instant kill order.
Zee news to   
Dear God, grant my request so that I may never deviate from doing good deeds.
Farmers is right their protest against this ordinance
They are not farmers.Terrorists from other countries
Two Nobel laureates,  both in Economics, both open about their no-love for PM Modi, have backed this law saying it's a great way ahead for the farmers in india. I neither understand politics, not understand economics, but I believe these Nobel laureates. Still Mr Rathee wants to prove that the law was wrong. Clearly, no one values for education or expertise in this country.
What's tickling farmers backside. After doing so much wrong they have new demands.
"Today's is gift" 
Welcome back 
Why they are carrying long swords, long rods, stones, big stones
Great victory for farmers.Historic.Mofi should also apologies to families of more than 600 farmers that died in this protest.
Taliban are not terrorists but defender of their homeland.india is terrorists state killer of innocent Kashmiri people.
good job...well explained...explaining n persuation is the key..n I do not see why farmers will not agree..
Farmers should stop producing agriculture products ,,india will thrive and then government will realise .
Hooligans not Farmers protesting in the most non violent way possible. Our National Flag was desecrated. Totally unacceptable to indulge in arson, rioting and waging war against the Nation.
Now those shops can open again , and I hope they could restart again , and feed their children
Sandeep choudary is a great anchor
Dignity of farmers: farmers should be recognised by who they are and not what they give. Farmers can be dying to get out of contract arrangements where they're not given concrete leverage and can be left with little energy to diversify their production.
arvind kewariwal to sabse bada chor hai
That head shot was amazing. Keep it up
If Farmers continue to disrupt the Economy it would result is lesser taxes for the Govt. Then how would Farmers get their Freebies and Subsidies .
Farm Protest k against bolo to log tume Bhakt or BJP supporter bol denge.
Lot of farmers lives were lost...but farmers are brave
BJP mistook farmers as Shaheen Bagh! 
What is the problem for giving MSP guarantee. Give guarantee for MRP also.
Real video needed..
Election Tactics
Progressive farm laws have been repealed on the context of failure in getting some farmers of 2 and a quarter state on board in a large country is a problem, since its shows victory of mobocracy and anarchy. The template is laid out and succeeded in demonstrating that reforms aren't possible if a few rich (farmers/individuals) take the streets despite a thumping majority. Its a pity. BJP is not winning Punjab, neither Khalistani threat is going away with this move rather Government has projected weakness and cluelessness. Opposition will use this template for sure but its not good for the country since external forces and think tanks of China, Pakistan and Khalistani terrorists have taken congnisance too
Congratulations Farmers 
Soon they will try pellet guns on every section of the Country fighting for their rights
Respect Food Respect farmers......India abandoned farmers forever.....too sad
One  nation  one  ration  card  kya  hai
Every time they don't -1
Remebmber, India did decide to exit the deal, they should also follow the same here
I'm no longer waiting for the GRANT LOAN because I earn $ 46,700 every 14 days recently
Patthar kisne chalaye cars pe
Abhijit you don't just look stupid but sound the same . What a jerk you are. Watched this channel for the first time and now putting it on 'dont show this on my' mode timeline' . Shameful and disgraceful
SC tells farmers to debate law in parliament- ahem. Didn't the ruling party push those bills without debate?  And every time the farmer's laws are brought up by opposition, the session is suspended? Well.....
Modi ji & Yogi ji today is very sad & unforgiving day for our country. Sources tell Son of Ajay Mishra Minister of State for Home has murdered 8 farmers at Lakhimpur Khari. Stop testing farmers patients. Take immediate & harsh action against those responsible.
Everything is pre-planned for elections, don't how when will improve,
Very good investigative fact-finding sir, no other media outlet would do such an effort to bring out the truth. Really appreciate it
Karma is real. One day you will be on verge on losing your income and someone will make a video how it is for your own benefit.
Do u think a farmer can do that?
Kissan will win
Plss unfollow this channel
This all proves, this is politically motivated. Chinese communist money or congress involved in all this.
20 may tak mustered & soyabean 8000 hogi. Fact hi
Aree yar abb kisan log phirl se apne dark ages mai wapas lot jayenge , farm laws were a blessing for farmers , and now it is gone !!
As a taxpayer ordinary citizen of the country we demand that  Government should buy MSP price paddy and wheat on every alternative years and spend some money for our poor people who are living in below poverty level. Not give way taxpayers money at name of MSP price. 
Bjp activist deep sindhu is responsible...... https://youtu.be/-PAImxBFxR0
Bjp started lynching in 2015 now they enjoying there enterprise hu hu
Farmers are the real Hero of our India
This is not for up. This is for Punjab
Rubika hates farmers. Her face looks sad!!
Suffer UP people those who chose BJP
This aged well
Ask sorry to those soul (farmers)
This is not the Land for Gujaraties.  This is the land of Indians, Christians, Muslims and the people who were kicked out from Mohenjadaro, Harappa and Dwraka.
If any other business gets into losses government don't help but farmers get free water, electric supply,seeds,uria and money too. Non sense. I would be happy to see india becoming less n less dependent on these bekar people. All developed countries have least farmers.
Rajasthan Reet scam dotasra bord leak gang center book nkl out merit join sb fixing pre set,reet ki janch ho, post bdhe, sbhi passed ke re exam ho, nyay exam vaps krane me h, sbhi snvida panchayat sahayak niymit ho, snvida krmiyon ko apply exam joining priority mile , sanjivani aadrsh credit co oprative society me jma dhan rs logo ko vaps jld mile. Lutasra,,,, reet re exam , sbhi passed ke Selective exam vaps ho, sanvida karmik ko priority mile, reet as patarata esi exm me, where is govt? Where is justice?,,,,, reet re exam esi sal Or final exm must need of justice,,,,,.ps niymit ho, farji reet 2021 bad ek exam or ho. ,,.,,,,,,,
SDM MUST BE SHACKED FOREVER BCZ HIMSELF BOUND TO FOLLOW CONSTITUTION AND LAW ORDER UNFORTUNATLY HAS BROKENED THE LAW 
This is not farmers protest but an organized crime. Farmers don't do this and don't have to do whatever these people did here in delhi  on republic day to get what they really want to get. Ofcourse we wil get to the roots of this violance. Farmer leaders cannot wash their hands as the anti nationals are within them i think.
but if you are saying that still how food inflation is not high in USA how is the private players affecting the price
Big brave tailbone picking on wemon. To tell the truth these tailbone men fear wemon that are intelligent. I see no wemon with guns. Just men that need a bath and a shave.
What is issue price then?
If I take vaccine then I will not need to die ah? 
I'm a farmer and i know that each of these bill will eventually help farmers whether big or small and for those who think why farmers are protesting ,its all politics. just like anti caa and cab.
Rakesh cricket ko aur hero mat bnao please meherbani
YOU ARE THE BEST IN THE EARTH REALY ARNAB JI
Similar happened across India and specially in districts 
I'm afraid some of these people haven't been checked at all?? And bring suicide bombers to wherever they arrive after leaving Kabul
Let's give Joe Biden and Obama Clinton's a free vacation to Afghanistan...
This channel did not show the main sentence which said that the only thing being discussed was farmer's laws. He was dismissing the khalistani or violence link. And that is good.
Similarly MSP minimum support price means, even if the quality of crop turn out to be low, Farmer can atleast recover the cost. On other hand where the quality is better, Bid to procure better quality start from MSP, let the farmer decide at what price above MSP he is willing to sell. 
The opening statement is false; "only punjab & haryana state farmers are protesting", 
Once a Bhakt said to me "Modi will not take back these laws back whatever happens".
This gut really looks like how a leftist would.
- [ ] MSP (C2+50%),-   
Well explained comrade.Very nice.
You realize when youre paying ten times for food . Then you realize you are wrong. Only farmers at  prostrate not Khalistan 
X Muslims are being massacred in Indian Kashmir and TRIPURA by police and Hindu fanatics - civil society activists are being locked up in
Hats off!
thank u sir
Chal jhute
I hope this stupid bbc get banned soon
Just a question, if something is not in favour of people then people can oppose it by protests and all (yes there was violence here) but the voice is heard here of farmers so, is this a good thing that people's voice is heard ?
They are terrorists not farmers
Man of his words 
Why can't government arrest them?
1:56 more rich than me...
and want full repeal.
Why are u not saying to your dumb president  
Beta abhi tum bache ho aur education gain kro beta
90 percentage of people haven't understood the farm laws and opposition parties made farmers a big fool for their own interest.  karan dua seems to be half knowledge person. So, he is unknowingly promoting their agenda.
If he tried to behadbi he got what he deserve, if he didn't then im sad
Can you make the video on sikh killed in 1984
Great victory for farmers. Proves any anti people move could be defeated..no matter how strong the government pretends to be.
Such so called protest weakens the nation. Seems only 2 Indian states hv farmers
We all win 
Copied from   indianconstitutions.com
Ruptly : uploaded full length movie, keep watching...
Land for every one, we want to live peacefuly with the God's nature life.....
Rakesh Tikait  Sir Great Farmer Hitaishi
Why only farmers from Punjab, Haryana and UP have problems with the farm law.
one like for indian army hum sb apne ghro me mhfuz h
In 1991 MMS brought reforms. He wanted banks to be privatized. The people opposed and he kept quiet. Agricultural reforms are required. What is in the skull of Mr. Tickeit
"Damaged Buses" but they never say that those buses were placed horizontal to be used as barricades . "Farmers vandalism" but they never say about the police brutality .
Why our PM is so silent on this issue
Click here to buy full UPSC course https://www.studyiq.com/upsc
absolute lies. but i will leave the happy indians jollygood it for a few days.
Food crops will not come under Essential Commodity act and can be stored for longer period. Corporates again happy.
Aapka speech and explanation  bahut achha h
Government should deal theme with heavy hand
India now get ready to fight with taliban
Owaisi is correct..??  These BJP guys dont have enough knowledge
Farmers have to be treated good. Without them, there will be a food crisis and many more issues.. This is unacceptable. Shameless politicians.
Hai Nitish ,You are doing wonderful job, a fan from Tamil Nadu...
  REET 50000+            
Fear of losing election is fairly visible  in biased bjp government
Now stop politicizing it further.
Sikhs fat wifes
God bless 
3rd wave on the way and now Rahul and his congress sleeping due to this covid wont spread
The heck is modi doin
Come on...
Nayi shuruat?!! Rehne do chacha!you have got enough chances
10) Canada connection exposed.
They blindly oppose everywhere
Ppl protesting here non r farmers...
    2.2 earlier only small farmers can sell outside mandis and APMC yards but now even big farmers can do so.
sometimes you gota fight back with sticks and poles
Thank you sir for such detailed analysis...everyone must watch it...
CJI Ramana you can't do this PM and HM don't hear you
WHO ka Covid19 pandemic worldwide failne se roknewaala sabhii protocols ka ullanghan bhii kii.
O my God pardon me for voting  BJP in last elections on the promise of  Badal 
Very very very very nice song and voice
Jhooth bolta hai channel
But 500notes will be cancel n put effort on middle class n poo people, shame on you, over night laws will not change, but u can change as ur wish, bcz law is ur keep
We need humanity that's god gives in everyone's heart!
Why you don't you bring a Kisan Leader...who better understands the ground realities. As this government has completely denied to take consultations from stakeholders in nearly every legislation. This is very worrying trend which is leading our country to a authoritarian regime. And you so called News channels has became Cheerleaders of government.
Congress hoti to Goli chaliti thi
Step of revoking farmers law by Prime Minister shri narendra modi is totally unacceptable. It will definitely badly impact UP, Punjab Vidhan Sabha elections as well as Lok Sabha elections. I am badly hurt with this avoidable revocation. 99% of farmers are impacted due to this inaccurate decision.
09:26 What was Police doing?
Election as gya hai ab sb kuch hoga
Defence ministry clears purchase of 72,000 assault rifles from US; approves arms purchase of 2,290Cr
You are not completely correct, Akash. Protesting does work, but not if you are part of a certain minority community. The farm leaders were not jailed. Those who spoke in their support were not jailed and charged with sedition. Look at what happened during the CAA protests. Had it not been for Covid, many of them would have been killed or in jail. The leaders of the anti-CAA movement are in jail charged with sedition with no hope or discussion from the liberals to release them on bail. There are indeed two Indias, one for the minorities and one for the majority.
Power should be in the hands of farmers
Zee news aathak baade hai chor rsss de party hai
This is not a farmars
       Please reply."
to modi and his agent's 
Haven't read the dispute resolution process wherein farmers can even file a complaint to the officer of joint secretary lvl and they have to respond within 90 days??!
That's why china developed and too much democracy hurt development of the country 
M praying god      This should go smoothly.    No farmers should struggle
Farm laws for the outer engineering not for inner engineers.
Jjp is now going to loose everything
When the US left the Taliban unstable after the collapse of the USSR and did not keep its promises (as usual), the Taliban launched terrorist attacks against Western countries, and 9/11 was the result of those unsettled promises. After 9/11, America again invaded Afghanistan with its military power and after 20 years of long war America made Afghanistan restless. So what has been achieved in 20 years?
People are protesting without any real idea of the amended laws. And entire country is happy with these laws, except some rich politically connected farmers of 3 states. These are 3 states which are protesting, rest all the farmers are happy with new laws.
Please do not believe on this jhoota.
These are black laws  becuse  
Farmers are backbone of our nation
Just shame! These sellout channels are sinking any hope of bringing the truth. Feels like all there resources are invested in proving doesnt exist. These days if you switch channels you will see sold out opportunist screaming at the top of their lungs recipe of riots and creating confusion with made up information. 
Mr. Prime Minister, we are disipointed on your decission to repeal the farm laws. 
When a big tree falls, the earth shakes:  Rajiv Gandhi justified 1984 anti-Sikh riots
Kisans are the blood vessels of our country. Please please take care of their request. If they dont do their job, we all will die of hunger.
When will godi media have sympathy on reality...
Farmers.. Protest.. 
Urgent Issues: Corruption | Unemployment | Education | Healthcare | Electricity | Inflation
win for farmers
Sikhs were targeted. It was not attack on farmers
Illiterate MODI Failed and Shamed..
USA had signed agreement they will leave Afganistan and will no do any air strike against Taliban. But now they are violating the agreement which they had with Taliban. Believe me Taliban will respond this violation seriously.
Thank u for 5 rupees reduction in petrol
Now only l hav clarified on this topic.thank u so much
In support of farmers and for our own food, nothing wrong or loss to bear the legitimate inconveniences caused to us.
Very good response for present failure government
nice for farmer use
Sikh to pround
private ware house business how to start i wana know
Did I saw a Communist flag in that protests? 
Sadguru- Go and visit Punjab and and get first hand information from the farmers. Don't be bias- it will kill your reputation of an honest and wise man.
Congress mukt bharat karne chale thhe or ab apni hi baari a gyi
All the police officers involved in this act of violence should be terminated with immediate effect
Bacho ki demand poori , Na ab koi protest karne ki jarurat na kuch , ab agar ye protest ko continue karte hai to Govt should treat them like terrorist & Antinational.
Sanghis are silent now..we can only pour tears for those poor farmers died . Kneeling infront of the protest is pms relief package for this channel. Cowsamy really mocking at the common sense of our people.
Ab kiya karenge Andha Bhakta, Kissan toh tractor rally ka rehearsal kaar rahe hain.? 26th ko Show time. Ab toh Kissan ka Astitva ka Aaa Paar Sangharsh hai. It will be fight between real desh bhakt (Kissan) Vs  fake Deshbakt (Andha Bhakta, godi media, Defunct IT CELL & social media Sympathisers  platforms). JAI HIND
And also msp will be there.
named to tis  pakistan times instead hindustan times
Outcome of one night stand..
II have seen and you guys and observe this, a Sikh can see themselves in there family. Its not negative or positive, just practical. 
Who the hell is this guy? Fool 
Removing of MSP will effect farmers big time because they will lose their sure income from 2 crops wheat and rice. 
The ransomed of the Lord shall return from death.
And Modi should be disgraced..
Nazism Rebirth,No?
I genuinely hate this human
Democracy in india ..what a joke..
	Irrigation subsidy.
What a shame
Thank you team Indian express.
All Congress paid agents not farmers FARZI kisan andolan
The democracy of this country is nothing more than just a black curtain to hide the political atrocities of these politicians.
state will exercise like following tax drainage , garbage taxes , now vegetable taxe  that will exercise near future 
epic movement of modern india
Congratulations to all farmers 
Everyone Prey for Afghanistan 
awesome..........unbiased media are best like you
Democracy and independence for Whom??
All Oil producing countries must contribute free fuel to all the Kissans. This is vital support for their JUST CAUSE. The Sikhs will never ever beg for assistance. But the audience should make contributions.
There is a wide gap between ground reality and youtube lectures. Farmers are strong on ground and govt is debating on studies.
government SHOULD make changes at least if not dissolving the law
I'm an Indian and let me tell u the way it started was awesome, but it's more of a political thing then the real issues of our farmers
370 enke chacha banaye the to wo constitution the sala chutiya admi
Mentally unstable religious people
Who is here from official peeinghuman? WE'VE WON BRO, we've won-BRO 
SIR ISS VIDEO KA PART2 AANA CHAIYE
Bhai please pakodey mat talna, your videos are awesome
This people are kicked out of bengal farm lane , now no place to sell there idols
Bunch of stupid people... 
India jitna freedom country koi nhi hai jha striyon ko pdhne or free rhne diya jata hai . I love  my india.
this is true india a terrorist country the uno should label bjp a terrorist organization
Muthhi bher log
 in agriculture , no farmer wants to have low quality because quality is directly proportional to quantity . 
3. Getting the fame that govt. lost during the protest. 
This Farmers protest will end BJP rule in India
He said, "Your wife" 100X times.
Punishment should include 10 years suspension of voting rights for those who abuse democracy.
People you see at 2:34. Do those kids even have a future other than that. People from this community even had a police officer hand cut just because he asked them not to roam in lockdown. They just want the world's attention so they can show they are mistreated and spread more hatred in the country.
Now it's clear that it's not farmers andolan it is andolan of aatankwaadi, it is terrorist Andolan
do you know  farming contributes most to the disguised unemployment in India. You should know about the farming practices in India, THey are way different from USA.
I spent many years of my life looking up to your brand of journalism : UNBIASED & FEARLESS. But, sorry to say, the iron rod you contributed to the pillar of the Fourth Estate has not only rusted but has been pulled out. When the farmers plight is glaring at the world you are trying to sell them a "gun"(a.k.a.3 bills) that will not provide safety but will blow in their faces at the first squeeze of the trigger. Hope you get the drift of 80% opinion.
Y criminal  are not yet arrested ,
Mr Yechury, would you please tell why the farmers of other part of the country not protesting ?
Only b j p
The Farm laws are repealed so why will they will not continue the protest thanks.
They must have been whacked long a good.
Pakistani generals r busy in making and destabilizing political govts shame on them
Dalal hay Tu..... Har bar sirf china aur china...aur ab farm bill a66a hay... And businessman will make profits.
Herein Bangalore Karnataka BJP is desided not to allow farmers to city NDTV kindly cover
All are well about real market. You need to add video on document written benefits mentioned vs reality of market as well (specially privatisation )
Why would someone choke his neck when he has leg pain.. even china didn't lockdown the whole china, they locked only Wuhan.. but we are ultra brilliant.. 
Is there anyonther way by which I can attend the CLAT course...
I m torcheered by my so-called father,he may be  kill me in future
Many ruthless king came to this planet and went with empty hands and so will Modi go. In the cosmos of time these things doesn't matter but he who shall do evil in this world will suffer the. consequences till eternity. He has few years left and he's loading the weight of evil on his shoulders.
6) Give right to referendum to Khalistan
His son needs to be in jail n pay for these farmers life
Too brief.
Dhruv is anti BJP
Salute to Saheed Jawans too of our India who sacrificed at J&K.
Pathetic ! Seeing n listening to Commissioner confirms a naive n incompetent policeman, giving narration as if murder postmortem. How they covered 15 km from border to lal kila. What was this joker doing. Amit shah must immediately remove him.ps ; still kudos to delhi police for using restraint , but leadership failed
I am so impressed with the selflessness and awareness of Indian farmers. There is only one point that is directly harming them other three seems to be (apparently) in favor of Indian farmers yet they anticipated the harm of these in long term and how these laws will effect common person and decided to fight against it. This level of selflessness can only be expected from a farmer. May they be victorious
Why is the 7 th video not complete but you have put coerced
You speak a little faster in your video can you do something about 
BJP hatega to hi desh bachega
---1st time invaded Bhutan and failed in 1990 due to international pressure, but has
It seems that some people are born to thank
Bengal to East
If some one dies at street, by some one's instruction, especially for political bullying, that too for conservative caste politics, mixed with many identity extremists understreams, dirty tricks....
this is our India .
No shame,  keep trying
Same issue with GST and this bill
Tax payers should also stop paying Income tax and Capital gains tax now.
British failed USSR failed now USA
Does these farm laws benefit farmers from other states?
WoW, another HLoving, Hrendering, full of sarcasm..... presentation .
What you need until your end of living time ?
as ajit doval said civil society will be used as a weapon against development
Whats the point of this after you lost the war
I took print membership from the.print website, can i get a subscriber tag here in youTube. If I pay from YouTube some share will go to youTube, in my knowledge
QUIT WEST INDIA COMPANY  Kick out Mogli n Yogli to save Farmers. Pandora Minister saving Pandora Amba n AdaEarn in India n Save in Swiss bank 
No farmer no food..#supportfarmers
Great personality
Farmers demands are genuine. The govt has thrown a blind eye for the past 11 months on farmers protest. The centre must withdraw the Farm Laws with immediate effect.
Can we connect please??
They are uneducated just promoting their religion by those flags a pure extremist move.
One side news pl show rakesh ji in himachal news.
Shame on lallantop for presenting half the story seriously shame on you guys
This is not just a complete 100% solution but it is better than previous laws and govt should more focus on providing govt  "cold storages" and try to reduce transportation burden of the farmer if he wants to sell it in other areas or want to store it and sell when demand is high.
Dude you don't know what you're talking about
yeh chiz pehle kyu ni sochi ....1 saal baad kaise apko realize hua ki farm bill wapis lene chiye ...tb kahan thee aap jb farmers protest chl rha tha , jb protest mei kuch farmers ki death hui tb kahan thee aap ..tb kyu ni liye farm bill wapis
ARE YAAR JO CHARCHA KAR RAHA THA USKA MIC MUTE KARDIYA
He is taking mileage from the mudy water
False news.
The government surrendered to a small group of corrupt middlemen. It has set the template that would be now used on every progressive reforms that India needs. 
Very upset with this show, I liked this show a lot but I can see that saurabh is conflicting his own statement over farm Bill, I watch all video  , in old video he explained why he will support farm Bill now he is against all the point, what happened sir how much fund you got to change your statement, very pathetic and disappointed " ab ye show news nahi propaganda chala raha hai" beware of him guys.
You should also share the other side of these arguments
Taliban leader: don't worry, they try but they can't defeat us.
Congratulations to farmers-Laborer Union & Kisan Sanyukt Morcha !
They are lynching BJP karyakarta....stone pelting started in Lakhimpur by khalistani first they tried to ran away and four died later they are lynched....
congress and other party knows rule very well what she converted wants to meet their families at this crucial time when government wants to control that area is supporting your government makes you stupid at this time also  then i would like to vote bjp once again
Subhas chandra bose mode
Some idiots are not supporting farmers protest, same on them
I think this is not the farmers protest this is another attempt just like CAA NRC but the protesters are changed Muslims failed so now it's Sikhs turn... It's pre planned trick to defame and remove BJP by oppositions and Sikhs and Muslims..
Answer- bcoz how they will make happy to his business man friends
Naxalite is the future of India. Support country Naxalite and its government. Naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights.
Sikh genocide continues by hindustan govt since 1947
There may be some flaws in the act ...Bt it doesn't mean the so called farmer should be given to protest for no strong reason .....The state heads should call for meeting if there is any problems .....Why are state heads nd representative are elected ...It's jst useless ...No farmer is protesting .....Jst fake narrative
Khalistani sikhs probably.. More tamasha in India now.. Ab khela hobe.
Not just Indian, all farmers deserve recognition. Farmers feed cities.
Who noticed this the vedio length is 420
I know Kejriwal will be the next Prime Minister of India and he would change the education system of Uttar Pradesh just like Delhi 
What do you expect from this BJP! fraud all the way.
I ternatio all Chinese notorious lobbies SFJ ko bhii use karta hai.
Since Delhi is building walls and borders to stop the public to enter or leave. Farmers needs to build a Trojan Horse like Greeks built one to enter the City of Troy and won the war. ( Trojan is a huge hollow wooden horseconstructed by the Greeks to gain entrance and win the City of Troy during the TrojanWar.) The moral of the Greek war is no matter how smart you are, your greed will make you fall. The same goes for these goons. BJP, RSS are so greedy they want everything for themselves. And it will make them fall into their own greed trap to lose everything. Stay strong brothers, their end is near. We will see them with shit on their faces in the near future.
Elected by people but not listening the people.
are  to Fool the People to win U. P. 
1. Goverment ne 11 baar baat ki hai, So called farmers bas law wapas chahate hain lekin kyu wapas chahate hain wo unhe bhi nahi pata, problem kya hai laws me ?
Palestine pr q bol rhe the sb
Don't unnecessary spread havoc .
Modi government eats food r something else
What answer Modi ji has for 700 dead farmers ? Will they come back alive ?
SKM is right
I salute this channel nd sandeep choudhry..baki sb godi media h
Delhi protest - Lathicharge and golibar.
Should have refrased the words, change in approach and plan execution (there are different methods he could have used to get his point across)most importantly the meeting should have been indoors and should have consulted someone 
Now,no one will give a damn to tikkat.
Purely politically motivated.. cant believe any parties
Tab Tractor aur kisan note par tha
i have remove your channel from my setup box ghatiya channel
Chor t v
The farmers were asking for their rights. Why were they hit so badly ? 
SHAME, these THUGS are raping  INDIA, left & right, top & bottom and for sure they'll get away ( the entire media owned by them) . SAD day for democracy.
Where are u ? I thought today you will upload the winning video of farmers , 19th Nov 2021 :(
_Water Warrior Dr Fawzia Tarannum: Is India Facing a Water Crisis? 'Apathy Toward Water' to Blame_
Sold out media. Won't last long.
There are alot of farmer who are educated and they are continuously protesting but noone listen them bcz of the thinking of people like u who r not supporting thr farmer
who loss finally ban exports and imports from india? Taliban haven't  minimum common sence. waste fellows
Guys, this is no joke. If taliban conquers Pakistan, India is going to have a serious problem
The whole country is suffering from corona 
I STILL  WANT  GOVT TO TALK  AND SOLVE PROBLEMS  OF FARMERS...
I don't understand why farmers let Ashish Mishra go from that place and why did they beat his driver and other people only. Itni bheed me usko akeleko jane kyo diya baki sabko peeta to?
Came here after Unfiltered from Samdish.
A very nice and beautiful and no dought a very serious report shears by bbc .... it's can be did except bbc... thanks bbc news.... Sikhs are always very emotional...bt they always in fever of their mother land... some time government blame them...but we are a no ONE citizens of India...Jai Hind...
Ma'am Indian polity laxmikant  please cover it, you make  things understanding  better.
Farmers or terrorists?
When SC allowed protests stating it is the democratic right  it has allowed anarchy and through this the farmers are responsible for spread of corina. In line with the judgement of Madras HC which said ECI is criminally responsible for pandemic, we can attribute the same charge against SC. It should have banned the protest. There is a clear understanding between judiciary  opposition and farmers otherwise why not the judge who took suo moto case for vaccine issue it is a mute spectator on this issue. Very shame on them. Judiciary at its worst now a days not doing it's work of clearing backlogs but allowing protests etc even during pandemic is unheard of. It is not taking up vaccine sold by a state for profit suomoto, it is not taking up vaccine wastage by Rajasthan why there is a clear nexus which is what it strikes me. Foreign lobby playing through all forums.
Love and prayers for all farmers of India!
The  worst  man in the  country
Very weird kind of voting system. Chairperson should be neutral. What is the need of debate after having repealed the law ? Why law is being repealed that should be discussed before repealing it. What's the way India going ?
we shud never forget this atrocities by BJP ... we shud build a shahid memorial on all 3 borders with names of all farmers who died in these protests... please spread this word.
If we remain hesitant to take steps toward complete capitalist society atleast in some way we will pay the price. Capitalism is not theory it is the only working solution even for china. Get yourself educated with economics
Be aware from Indian name I'd in comments they all are Pakistani but have made Indian named id so that they can make fool to Indian youthhhhh
Shame on haryana police
Well explained... Make more videos...
Tjete is no pressure in water canon. Even police giving bath to protestrz
EU-farce is falling  apart.  slowly  but consistently.
Indian govt is the only govt in the world Which is selling expensive petrol for its people and economically exploiting it's people at a time of lower international crude price.
Gaushalas to be monitored properly (No of animals kept and financial support provided to Gaushalas by Govt. - Local Gaushala Committee of Villagers as social audit of Gaushala to be formed and accordingly payment to be made)
its not punjab farmers its all india farmers .. godi media ....check ur self first
The greatest ever tarsem singh..best dhadsanki ever!!!!luv this guy!!!!
Why he repealed?
"Artiyas are friends of the farmer and do not exploit them" amazing research.
Misusing the identity of Farmers .
U know exactly what's going on
are corrupt from top to bottom. 
Freedom of speech!
Do these mp really represent the People of India
He did homework and won the second one 
Shabbas re sher. 
cannot put aloo, phal, sabji,  red chili powder in cold storage........or in sealed plastic bag.......they are plant....they will die................nooooooooo storage.......... takeoff farmer bill..................... no good..........
Modi Ji this was your best reform. Should have implemented it in BJP ruled states.
Big Big funding from opposition to Rakesh Tikait, he will be exposed very soon almost 22 crore of transaction under monitoring. Mark my word Tikait will be behind bars before 2024.
It's not the one who is standing in uniform in front of them they r just following the orders of politicians (the real culprits behind this whole mess) 
Great decision by farmers
UP election gimmick has started
1:39 one sikh warrior and so many cops...     ....
It is a matter of Investigation & grave concern that Congress party , AAP, Kisaan Neta- Unions & NDTV received how much money from China/ Pakistan to keep alive this so called Kisan Andolan against Indian State.
Haryana govt no less than Taliban. This SDM should be suspended
Apna experience kis taran 
We will also get our article 370 back.
Hello everyone. Congratulations on Teachers and Coaches Day. May he give strength and patience to teachers and coaches, and may he never tire of cultivating such students who will benefit our country and people. May they live long and have high careers.
Only discussed Selective issues which are in favour of so called farmers. The laws have many good provisions as well. I think issues should be discussed holistically free from bias to any stakeholder.
This is as that government should first change the aarakshan act also. (Dum hai to) Because that is also a act which is not needed now as compared before.
Kisan pehle bhi free tha .. kahi bhi bechne ko.. toh MNCs kyu nai ati thi kharidne?? Aur konsi MNC Bhai.. 80% unorganized sector.. vyaparies and chote retail.. MSP is to protect! Baki mai farmer hu.. Jo bhav dega bechunga.. MSP saare crops or chayie
BBC news militants killed hindu in Kashmir why not you show it.
how many real farmers is there.
Finally My All doubts Are cleared
waste fellow. after 700 died for his  worng disposition
C
Why the docait head has not bee cracked yet? I am disappointed. The officer who ordered to crack the head should be promoted. These undemocratic bunch of illiterates have taken the country into hostage. If the govt is not ready to listen to them, they should vote the opposition and defeat the present Govt. What is this nonsense going on since a year? The roads are blocked, people are suffering for these few sponsored so called Kishans
Summary of some destructive points in farmer bills watch between 1:25:50 to 1:29:35:
They should be running the other way, WITH RIFLES!!!, APPARENTLY ITS NOT WORTH FIGHTING FOR!!!
Why Agricultural experts and stake holders not involved to deliver Good farm reform while keeping Benefits of Farmers in Mind. 
Contract farming is not new. I think first state was Punjab 10 years ago, and state governments entered in contarct farming it failed badly. Also potatoes for Pepsico and rice for fortune is grown under contract farming by farmers. Few years back Pepsico sued farmers for growing its potatoes on the land that is not under contracted. Supreme courts gave judgment in favor of farmers.
There is one point which u have mentioned wrong... If there is surplus of crop the price will go down and buyer would take benifit. 
They were not farmers,they were terrorist 
Wow beautiful view's,good job,can't stop watching 
hamko to hairat hoti hai in news chainalo pe
one can hate bjp and vote for other party but voting for a party like congress is a waste of time, ppl of India need to move away from Duopoly of congress and Bjp IMO.
Indian farmers proved India indeed a vibrant democracy. Chinese are jealous 
If you make fool other , one day you can also make fool ,
If you have been feed today  Pls Support farmers
It's a democracy or demo- crazy 
We hv freed Delhi before from Mughals and now we will free Delhi from Modi .
Good change never welcomed by these political parties for their own benifits
I will protect the farmers...
I support farmers.
When Modi brings something then you guys bent upon to paint him as dictator but when he corrects / climbs down you guys don't want to say that he respects democratic values eventhough it was a bit late. He don't want to give leverage to opposition and get united under Sharad Pawar. He also need to break the Khalistani leverage within farmer groups. The farmer protest could have lingered even for years with their illegal money flown from anti national movement. Of course, he needs consider overall propects of his political party as a prominent leader of it.
electricity etc benefits
Kya gajab librandu ho Bhai, Sahi hai with people like you we don't need Pakistan
Very true, what action has been taken on these hoarders who have been in action since last few years.....There are information that the world's Single order controlled by BlackStone...and Our government also is on the road to destroy agriculture in our Country. Why so much grains and farm produce is wasted in open areas, no steps towards efficient storage status ..... hypocrisy everywhere.
Once the election is over they will find a loophole in parliament debates and vote to cheat the farmers. Modi cant fool us with his big speach and liea
This idiot officer needs promotion and money 
It was Khalistanis and opposition parties protest on the name of kissans.
Nicely explained!
Very nicley explained divya mam 
If these laws were as good as you/go to.says they are. There is no way that the go t. Would have told the farmers toAMEND as much as they wanted but to just leave theKhalee dabba/empty box!!!!
Poliitics of the ruling party.
NDA has majority in Both house no need to waste time  We gave them vote to passed bills and laws like this.
They are not farmer most of them are terrorist
Can anyone tell me the difference between Ashish mishra and Salman khan..
Terrorist yogi govt
SC set up a panel to review the law and then "forgot" to release it. It is in a sealed envelope. Well......
Very good action by the Govt. and police, these idle goons in the name of farmer protesters ,needs to get lessons
Thanks for showing this news. We need international media support  Support farmers of every nation.
We need your content on green revolution...
How to overcome this problem.
Modi is the smartest politician in this country right now. With farmer bill and eventually taking it back, he has released pressure of CAA NRC. Now nobody gives a dame about it and farmers are also relaxed.
Please save Afghanistan
I hate mody because he give 80 % resvertion for female in norcet AIIMS exam..
Also they stated that the Market share of agriculture went down from 50% in the 1960s to 15% in the 2010s. This is not necessarily due to the agriculture industry, not being able to keep up with the other industries but, due to the exponential rise of other industries such as IT and manufacturing. The GDP of India in the 1960s was approx. 50 billion and in the 2010s rose to approx. 2.8 trillion
Iske bakkal to assembly election k bad yogi ji tarenge
Let him repeal first dont trus this guy  jhoot bolo bar bar jhoot bolo
I respected farm protest and it was fare. Thanks Modi for being good.
First time in my life  salute to Delhi Police  by heart Hats off
Just wanted an unbiased assessment of this situation. Tired of the partisan media. Thank you Didi!
I am just wondering do people from BJP's  IT cell comment on Every video to balance it  because that's the only way they can give employment 
60% of Indian population is in farming so around 800m ppl are farmers but only one state has problem where opposition party formed the govt. 
Last one and half year there is no subsidy
Farmers r going storm parliment as occured in capitol hills
Thnk u sooooo much for explanation. 
If you Don't know...still you don't know because of the "media" you chose as your source. Yes, the word 'FARMER' draws a lot of sentiments and we too respect the real farmers as the condition of those is really bad in our county. These new agricultural laws are for the betterment of Indian farmers and yes when the poor will get then the rich will loose and that's what the protest is all about. Same political parties which created the draft of these laws are now standing against it just to appose the current government and play politics. We are proud to have such government which stands firmly for the prosperity of our country and its people.
MSP Means Minimum Support Price why they are not asking for Maximum Price ? Because they doesn't produce good quality products.
Where is MSP committee, respect for sacrifices of over 700 Kissans, punishment for Lakhempur murderer, etc etc-SKM has trusted govt but if JUMLE will be their response-Kissan must/will protect democracy.All support to Kissan Ekta
Sir Im a Farmers daughter,
Govt can justify anything, even they have justified the #HathrasCase by controlling the media reporting, and in addition to it PR team has been strengthened to make the govt conduct fair n free by propaganda means..
Sikhs will never give up
Agar koi company msp se Low rate par purchase karti hai to oss company par karvayi ho 
    MSP         income tax                  
Incorrect assumption that private players will pay more than the mandi price! The only way to solve this problem is to increase farm yields per acre thereby reducing cost of production so that cost of production per KG/quintal is lower than the free market rate.  Our Agriculture Universities have completely failed the farmers and our country to help improve farm productivity levels.  Without solving for this farming in our country is a loss  making and not sustainable and the farmers will continue to need financial support.
Bjp govt has sold most of India govt owned facilities
Only Owaisi Sahab in up inshallah
Though I am not your fan, but this analysis is so balanced and far sighted. 
It's the victory of Khalistanis.
Very Informative video.
FASCISM arise from arousal of survival instincts by the activation of dormant "REPTILIAN BRAIN" right of our head: "PINGLA NADI". Once awakened, reptilian brain converts humans into "WILD WOLF'S". Fascists are best in similarity with GANG RAPISTS, MAFIA GANGS, RELIGIOUS CULT, MOB, IRRATIONAL CROWD...complete loss of EMPATHY, zero empathy,  is trademark of fascists, just like "cannibals".
India People need to stand up an Oppose these Farmers Law..
Modi government   treat farmers worse than  criminals
That in not flage of khlisthan thate is of khalasa flage
Bro plz understand,you are making a half an hour informational video and playing background music constantly.its jarring to ears and mind. Plz help yourself with some study on psychoacoustics. Make engaging videos where you dont have to support such long content with music like bollywood films. I hope you understand.
Very good farmar
Great presentation.
Modi is doing everything for two corporates....he is selling shamelessly Each Govt and national sector to them. ...he is not a brave rather a puppet in the hand of some corporates..  
After 9 months farmers won 
That's why Sanjay Rautji called her Haramkhor
Wow police dnt share secrets information.......
Beating farmer with stick What are you called security
hahaha if Taliban are Terrorist then y ur Papa America dialogue with them
Thank you so much ma'am.
Some times we cannot convince the immature sections of the farmers.
We r with u ...we support Kisan Andolan .love and support from london
Tau ap toh hero ho
Hats off, what a great way to make us understand the matter
How mentality said not required God name as a Judge .he is mad or illiterate .
Thanks for reporting!
Yes yes with false assurance you can win!
We should have seen Corona coming. What a big blunder!
Congratulations today the country won and the dictatorial government gave up
Watch Ravish Kumar NDTV news for real analysis. Arrest Deep Sidhu. Jai Hind!!
Two steps back for a huge leap ahead?
These peoples are not formers all are paid gangs
So called KISAN ANDOLAN is joint effort of MUSLIM/ SIKH/ CHRISTIAN to annihilate HINDUISM by adopting URBAN NEXAL methodology on fund frm ISI / CHINA and CANADA..
boycotted them . 
Its extremely sad to see this hope government will teach them lesson
The bajigar
didnt explained mandis properly
Where are stones on road?
America me white House  me jo         
U may be having a good heart but no clarity and because of such one sided video only people get misguided with false fears and lies.
ROITS IS AIM.
Support the all farmers, give respect to this person who made this video, jai hind. 
Correction: The news clipping used at 2:26 is wrong, its an old one. However the information is correct and is sourced from following article. 
Modi just another Fascist on his way out.
These days People are searching on Google       
Proud to be a SIKH
ITS BEEN ALMOST A YEAR NOW and they still sitting on highway and we still saying they r misguided. The joke is on us if any video explaining bills do not make us protest against the shit.
Baycott yogi adityanath kick cm out
If one could have a basic understanding of economics then it is easy to see that these laws are the required reforms rather than black laws.
Hyped news.
Well said , if it is modi or shah there won't be pandemic. If it is public then it is. Arrogant bjp
Oh my God...what a rubbish channel...bakwas narration of events...bakwas
Thx Ravish ji from USA
Moga city de  govt office nagar nigam
Comment section mein bhi pitayi honi chahiye  Chumtiyonko..
No. 1 worst the channel in the world
This is just amazing, thanks for the wonderful explanation 
Tikait should be deported to Beijing,they will give him the treatment he so richly deserves
This show that how difficult it is to do reform in india, and we are loosing this perception/propaganda war by foreign enemies, India is surely loosing it badly.
Whoever win the election it doesn't matter but i am happy for all those farmers martaryed farmers who win there fight against such a mighty and arrogant leaders 
BJP can go in any extend to suppress people..... bloody hate monger ....this BJP people should be kicked whenever seen around
Toh kya rashtra hit mein koi change try hi na kiya jai? PepsiCo ne farmers ko jab potatoes wagere grow karne ko kaha toh kisine protest kiya? Agar  agriculture mein investment nahi hogi toh kya yeh farmers ke suicide badhenge nahin? Crony capitalism nahi honi chahiye yeh theek but NCP Congress farmers ko mare toh theek, koi bada change kiya jaye to desh ko bech diya?
You are very good at showing one sided narritive 
100 + CNG
Real Muslims vs forced converts lol
I take you seriously ,
Farm law was for the benifits of 80% farmers of india. 
at what cost 800+ people died since it all started
Seriously strong decision by pm
And the U.S. left them plenty of weapons. Good luck Pakistan. Love from America!
First and for most these BJP goons should be arrested using sedition
POINT OUT AT LEAST ONE FARMER IN THIS FISH MARKET
These farmers should flee the country until learns it's lesson
Is the Hindi belt a drag on the development of India?
Please  Modi all these Chutias ko never forget and show there own face to the nation in the future. I know Shah will never forget these Chutiako in his life.
Thanks for the information
I told you i will make you bow to me
How can you say that the laws passed in parliament without any discussion are so good...
Shame on you BJP Sarkar and Narendra Modi and police prashasan
Watch Ravish Kumar show NDTV
That guy is a 
In Kabul. Pack your friends  to AFGHANISTAN  TIKIAT  before 25th Sep.
Really all are gunda not fit for mp really unfortunate and ridiculous must be arrested and put in jail. Sir thanks.
UP Ke election tk postponed karenge....UP election m cash krna chahte hain....Iska matlab UP m election harne wali hai...BHARTIYA JANTA PARTY
Put facts over your agenda.
Long live the Farmers Movement!
Disliked bcz.of too many ads.
Sale sab chor uchke h
I don't know how it will work... What those so called farmers want to prove!
His company received a 2.5% commission. All the warehouses belong to him. No farmer could sell a tonne of wheat to FCI without the tag of Zubair Agro.
Pm modi repealing new laws statement is nothing but equal to keep laws in cold storage for the period of 1 or2 years hence this repealing is nothing but fooling farmers market but govt will not suceed
Modi ji's heart has not changed, he and his team have done a thorough assessment and evaluation whether there is more electoral damage in withdrawing the law or in implementing it, then the swagger has reduced, but for his blind devotees. it's a hard time.
All Coward parties are using this situation to boost their rally 
1st point lo... Contract chesukunna tharuvatha... Natural disasters valla loss vasthe... Evaru responsibility. Ante appude contact prakaram former's ela isthaaru
You change your decision now after giving 700 people a life, and you change your life to 700 people.
charged under the relevant rules forthwith, no long rope should be given to him
Victory of Nation .
From 2morr they will be protest in Goa BZ government wants use Goa as a coal hurb plz I hope ndtv highlights this issue on international level. V don't want coal in Goa . Goa is a tourism state
These laws were best . Reforms are were must.
Is there any way to achieve success through coding and without graduating from best collages or should I quit living because I am sure I am not getting into one...
Shame on Godi media
This all bharwads are real Gundas. On regular basis they attempts a hell lot of crimes. And still Gujarat is hiding all the truth about Gujarat's gangsters.
He said there will be more extremism, we can see terrorists getting caught.
If Indian farmers block traffic and protest in my country like that, I will send my request to government to expatriate them.
Lok Sabha debated, discussed, clarifies and passed the bills
Shoot all of them
Great explaination
They are not happy with anything
(When now bjp is full of congress mp's)
Modi should support Northern Alliance, ban Taliban.
Have been following your channel for some time now. Have to say, that if there is an award for subtle, underhanded propagandist, it should be given to you. Your camouflage is effective but not altogether impenetrable.
Sir I think no problem far farmers.but government desired fix rate.then problem is solved.
Politicians and rich will go for foreign treatment
Why don't we export the excess wheat
farmers lost, liberals and antinationals won
RIP to all the martyrs 
No Farmers -  NO FOOD ....sounds easy to me
There are APMCs before every act 1,2,3 and government assured that also . Why farmers pressuming that it APMCs will end soon.
JO BOLE SO NIHAL SAT SRI AKAL! WAHEGURU
Chaudhary  ji kuchch aap bhi sharm kro is wahyat ki publicity ke liye .in kanoon me sub kuchch change kerne ko teyar the to fir ye chori se kyo lagu kiye .inko lagu kerne se pehle he aapes me bat chit kerte to ye kanoon lagu bhi hote
BBC anti National news channel 
 According to the application form, the minimum net worth for any entity operating a dealership is Rs 50 lakh.
We are back to square zero. 
These Police and politician should starve to death
Leadership of Delhi Police is weak that is Home Minister and L.G.
Sanshad mai charcha kha pr hue the
Khalistanis want higher MSP and their hundis are the middlemen and traders in Punjab , Haryana.
Jinko asar nahi dekh rha unhe 2022 aur 2024 me dekhega, ABP wlo ke akhe to 5 rupee ke fevi quick se chipka de haii
she is a bullshit journalist 
be clear within a year.
WARNING TO MEDIA:  STOP ACTING LIKE GODI MEDIA.
Up election will loose bjp
 narendra modi no 1  the PMO in india who compromise and save this nation against   congress , SP wrong politics , Jay Shri Narendra modiji
My blessings to all the people of Afganistn  we with you on this .
How many times I recommend YouTube to not show this biased channel but when they apply
This is my real Hindustan.
All wasted in one stroke.
Why news channel are covering his nonsense
Yes there will be releafe for those who have braved the tourment. And there will be joy and excitement for their safe return. 
Why farmers required weapons
Very correct I hope everyone understands this.The really farmer is doing farming at home.The one who are protesting are rented gunday.
Expected a lot better from News Laundry. No wonder it has less than 250K views.
2020 farm laws allows farmers to sell  to any where in india to any one .
Hail the farmers
Comedy keep playing 
More over coming to farmers, remember the people or troops who were in opposition of this farm law before going happy, this are the termites of 4th generation war where people fight against internally.
Tatti bjp crying in raj sbha beby
Its my District
Watching this makes you so proud respect
Yes they're fully justified to protest.
10s head shot 
Very Nice.
How Corporates will handle court cases if anything goes wrong against farmers.
Sujata is BJP spokesperson also. BJP is basically gunda party.  PM, HM and state HM all dubious past with law.  How anyone would expect are fare probe.
Support indian farmers 
India keeps getting smaller and smaller. Integrity is at all time low.
3. Present agitations if not looked after many more points will be asked by Agitator considering discussed in past and accepted by Government.
Bewakoof farmers are illiterate, don't know even how to understand farm laws...
If govt. Was concerned about farmers welfare it could have done it in seven years,citizens would automatically voted BJP so no need to repeal
Zee new abhi bhi negativity phela raha hau
Wow... Ab farmar hi anti- economy of the country ho gaya ha abp and bjp a pas
Worst Government in India...
Now they are coming back or not
AGRICULTURE KNOWLEDGE NOT UPDATED BY YOU AND PEOPLE OF INDIA HAVE NOT AGREE WITH YOU AND YOUR CONSIDERATION CONSULTATION NOT DONE  
Salute to the Great Farmers of Punjab...love from gujarat
Shame on you HARYANA GOVERNMENT.
Shanta Kumar's data 2012-13, Your data 2019-20. Clear proof of substantial increase in the procurements in the last 7 years time. Large farmers benefit more than small farmers and marginal farmers don't get MSP benefit - my own assessment from field / ground reality. Thanks.
Thank you so much sir 
Im just here to see cry babies
     victin                                                                                                                                                                          global hunger index (94/107)                                                                                                                          ???? As a such that I am work job income Tax Chanel subscribe kro
Its a pity watching them fight at such an auspicious day
But Now Some Kishan are trying to Politics with Tukde Tude Gank.  Just like shows Destroy Hindusthan. PM Modiji Jindabad
Shekhar you have proved really  a very mature journalist.Irank  you along kuldeep  Nyar  and many such writer . God bless.
Farm laws nhi repeal karo toh dikkat aur karo toh dikkat. Are bhai ab band bhi karo yeh chutiyaps waise bhi bhot imp issues hai country main agar yaad ho toh. Unenployment suddenly koi issue hi nhi rha opposition walon k liye 
All these famers are a drag on miniscule income tax paying community in India. They get free electricity, no income tax on agriculture income and then loan waivers. All that comes from our pockets. Plus they get reservations and sops during elections. And then these very farmers choose the worst kind of illiterate politicians in elections. Let them suffer and commit suicide they deserve this fate.
 santhth    
Kurshi Kumar hy hy- by by by by.
Congress is losing ground
Only sp
Stop complaining... If they can do this surely you too can!
Very nice video sir doing best job to explain in detail.
Boycott BJP
Sir please make such videos concerning Current issues because we can't afford expensive coachings
I m CA student topper 2018 working in Munich Germany but watching you .
Such great explaination. Thank you so much for being upfront and honest.
This is all political drama. Innocent people thrashed, killed and now government will showoff to give justice just because in few months UP have elections . If this continues DESH SANKAT MEI HAI
Some political party blamed our honorable home minister that he was weeak in estimating the poor kisaan strengths. This is the time for him to demonstrate all the might of the minister.
Thanks for the information 
   distribution asking account holder to show FCRA ( Foreign control regulatory) registrants for permission
Ghazwa E Hind will Islamize Endia and then all problems solved permanently....
If kisan mazdoor Protest fails,  there will be no more freedom in India and it will be wrong to call India as a democratic country.
Quite sruprised at how concise and articulate Mrs. Priyanka Gandhi was, she put put her points clearly and made "politically right" statements. Quite the contrast to her brother's manner of speaking. 
Very well done vice team excellent job 
Only farmers 
Our PM doing well for Kishan through this bill but kishan didnt understand.
Declare Pakistan as enemy country and anybody found any link capital punishment
Clueless Poor Farmers. Will remain Poor Forever 
*Non Muslim nations should not send in any troops and get trapped in current situation where outcome NARRATED will be Muslim vs Non-Muslim. As Muslims will only support Muslim----- Chin been a new friend of Taliban can send in troops & give UNSUSTAINABLE loans*
Soon BJP will will HV to withdraw his govt...
Time to come Violence against Modi Government as well as Covid-19 Plandemic and Vaccine Scandal Party BJP.
they just doing stupidity ,not knowing fact and law
India need not be vigilant against china and at its borders. It is very expensive doing a battle using conventional or nuclear ammunitions.
All leaders leading the protest should be arrested immediately.
ZEE news wale to         
I had trust in @Shekhar and openly supported these laws at every platform and now I am being called bhakt
India scared to death  what's Taliban next mission after defeating Russia and America.  Modi can't sleep 
Can you hear kalsa at the ending of the video  2:55
Good reporting Shambhu Ji
Exporter ke liye new video create karo please
People in india & in world has regretted for following their Guru's for peace, when they never been peaceful.
Bhalle Tare modi how u feel now modi u r nothing without people
Farmer sowed seed, God Jesus n bible is a seed of god's word satisfied ur soul by His death n ressurrection. C 'Bible' in google!!!.......
This protest is straight Bulshit.... they fear of mising out let them do all the criminal sh** everyday to put them in spotlight for no reason.
Mod you dipshit ... This is like a Amazon delivery in India where your iPhone gets replaced with a box full of rocks and the delivery guy tries to make off with your money ...
Don't feel like listening to AIM, I think he needs some rest, n chill out some time
Kick out the barking dogs.
For how much money were you sold you corrupted media
Good job Trudeau. India should be careful, and Saudi Arab tried the same bullying as India is doing now, it was Saudi Arabia students who were called back and left. Canada had no qualms in closing Iranian embessy in Ottawa when they refused to apologize after bombing a consulate. And there are more Indians in Canada then Canadians in India. Canada knows how to take care of its citizens.
Desh drohi hai rsta rok ke the hai
Long Live our martyrs!!!!
He himself cannot get 1000 votes, he can't influence shit.
What fake news you're spreading, saying all surplus grain FCI procured get waisted as it doesn't have storages !!
This is a victory of farmers' unity.
Now this taklu is accepting the protestors as farmers. This scumbag called them terrorists. Modi is taking the farm laws back for election and for killing the farmers with a suv in UP
This guy is just doing it for elections. He has no empathy for farmers
Last time ,farmers had did something for police force and now it's the return !!
MSP recommended by CACP and fixed by GOI.
and more..
damnn... it doesn't concerns farmers alone... it is a matter of concern for every common citizen here...
Once the elections are over laws will brought back..this hitler is fooling thw farmer....
Where is our India going to...
Shoe lockers.
Waste of water
Farmers already told about farmers law what they will face on implementing it.
Indians will find ways to cheat indians.  It's unstoppable
Thank you!!!
Beautifully explained in 8 minutes
BJP doesn't believe in resignation, they all are above ethical rules.
who says we dont have leaders ? Mr. Rakesh Tikait is one such leader, better than those presently in Government
7 crore trader ne open rahney ko bola. CONGESSI APMC game abb KHATAM 
Freedom to question is right of democracy 
Great victory for Yogi Ji. Yogi Ji has clearly told Criminals to get out of UP, Aashish committed a crime and got out of UP.
India is not a now domacratic country
Jay shree Ram 
this is BaBa tikat...
He should be held accountable
Tq mam very much
Bhenkloda Innocent Farmers are killed when is Indians gonna wake up
FOR FARMERS( THEIR LEADERS WHO ARE DPONDORED BY OPPOSITION) BHARATH  IS ONLY COVERING FEW AREAS OF STATES WHERE  ALL 26 PIECENEAL OPPOSITION PARTIES HAVE SOME SUPPORT STILL.Statewise agitation fizzled out.So now to show that entire nation agitated by giving some photos of pre-planned gatherings destroying govt property like what they did in DELHI.
Tarek Fateh's statement proves Pakistan Army and ISI defeated India and 20 years Indian policy gave in India ass Love Pakistan Army and Pakistan. Live from New Delhi (Pakistan)
These judges clearly lack the logic we typically assume a legal expert would have.
Just because of election
opposition should be wiped out!
Non Sense Narrow Minded Review By This Youtuber
Can i use this words for a speech competition based on farmers/farmers bill 2020??
One of the worst interview by news laundry, too jovial, talking over each other . Seems like the 3 trying to get time on the video kept cutting off each other . No real meaning for a important interview
Protests are politically motivated
So, is National capital Haryana now huh? Delhi NCR bolte toh bhi samjh ata.
UP ME KHADEDHA HOBE IN 2022
Court Se Koi ummid Nahin Hai Mujhe Khas Karke hinduon ko Court sirf a minority ke liye banaya hai
Pls resque all innocent people or send all nations forces
Will get MSP also.
One thing that boggles my mind is why aren't the small shop owners protesting? Currently, grains and pulses are cheaper at local shops than D-Mart etc and that's the only edge they have. Small stores can not compete with likes of D-Mart who gets mega volume discounts. With these farm bills, big stores have so much clout and increase the rate at which small stores are displaced.
News wale chodo media kya tum log comments bhi padte ho,Kabhi to pad bhi liya Karo.
State govt
thank you to my brothers from haryana :)
Ab is paid media rat hole
Dhorry system pe topic banaiye
Its a great protest they should get their rights farmers are our back bone I am there with you I raise my good job Jai Jawan Jai Kisaan 
Nobody should support this protest. It's run by Khalistani extremists. The agenda is not even farmers. It's fuelled by protests due to Punjabi SIkh desire to separate the state. 1) No other famers in the nation have protested (although they've been coerced by Khalistani interests 2) Khalistani goons and rich farmers do not want price controls on the poor who they extort 3) Khalistani interests have funded the entire movement 4) Farmers themselves have not cooperated in mediations in governmental talks 5) The resources and tools used by the farmers to aid in protest were extremist in nature and call for separation of state. What's amazing is the amount of people who back the movement using riot politics because they 1) hate Modi (For inexplicable reasons - they blame him for Gujrat riots at the exclusion of his court-appointed innocence and also despite khalistanis being responsible for the massacre of hindus prior to those same riots) 2) They saw Shaheen Bhag and they are taking it as an opportunity to black label the government and pretend Hindus and Modi are evil and 3) They are attempting to appeal to those who believe SIkhs are innocent, faultless and pure - despite the fact that Sikhs have lost their honourable reputation decades ago and the Sikhs of today pander towards Pakistan, ISI and vested extremist Khalistani interests. No friend, nobody should support this protest at all. Support your country and your government.
thank you HAVE a nice day..to all brothers and sister...jai hind
200 farmers already died . And they know  bill better than us so keep supporting farmers .
For those who says farmers are getting paid for what they harvest , then military also got paid bro 
Jaat life baby
Please elaborate more on third law.
Onesided news both side violence were happen.....and also farmer died...
Working for the third wave of virus..
Rakesh Ticket Ji,
It can also increase hoarding to increase price.
100%right
Great support
Rajdeep why hindi interview with ms vadra?
You make learning fun.
2 nd questions is who were those people who insist foreign countries governments  to show in local issues of India.
No where in races.
6:10 then why india isnt exporting it ???
People will remember and laugh.
This is pro right wing post. I think Quint is trying to get right wing and left wing Indians to fight. 
Worst pm in the world Modi
If the kisans dont want to end the agitation let them continue . Kisans form part of country. Tikait awaits orders from congress to end andolan.
Truth should be able reach the hearts of formers.Endless protest for what .
BJP what-aboutery is unbelievable! Maybe this will end if the farmers get hold of chutiya Mishra's son! For now he is pissing in his pants escorted by police men! His fate is some what set!
Godi media.... Levl decreasing every day
Shame.. No  democracy..
1) 90% indian farmers don't use social media..... 
Around the globe everybody is watching Indian Government's behaviour towards farmers .
Hong-Kong rioters is smile to their's Indian fellow. 
Yes there were only some farmers that were objecting to these laws . Huge agriculture states were missing from these protests - why ? Some of the new law provisions are already there in most agro states ..... So largely Punjab (that has fallen as number one agro state ) , and political beings like Takait and yogendra yadav were the protestors ..true also that elections are around the corner in these states ...hence timing wise it seems to be the reason.... But if this repeal is going to cost the farmers of these states to further go into downward spin then sadly the onus will have to be on them and also experts , media and the Govt who really did not explain the law properly to these farmers
Save the Kissan and the flag of Kissan and India.
Newslaundry ki team
Thank you sir for the topic 
Be you are qualified matured person
Khalistani sponsored rally. Even if demand met do not stop protesting.
Love u kisan brother from ladakh
So Informative.
Young lady please show the truth
Why police has to throw tear gas.
Imagine If Kangana is the PM of India .
Ungrateful farmers Who else in this world. except our VG wil give Rs16  per day pwe faarmer ?
8. BJP refused to have a debate on the bills. They rushed them through.
Now abp news covering this news coz of spiced up celebrity beef , otherwise nobody wanted to cover farmers protest , shittttttttt indian media
this gonna pave path for more upcoming protest in the country, reform will be just a theoretical word in future.
Boycott 26 January by people of India. Stand for farmers
Stop killing innocent sikh formers in india
After all it's the government to decide about the laws it's our duty to support the farmers as of farmers are the backbone of a nation Stand for them and support until the results are out
boycott india
Thanks team Drishti ias 
Its around 8-10 Billion Dollars AID to salaries of Pak army for just the Afganistan issue per year. Meaning every year ISI & NPak army gets 70-100 millions dollars per year. meaning For 10000 Taliban generals + 1000 Pak handlers + 100 ISI General handles gets paid = 100 millions dollars per years or 8-10 millions per month. Even if we do not see the ranking classification .
CALCULATED BY SCIENTIFIC, I.C.W.A COST ACCOUNTANTS
Iski muche padni h election m
Jay shree Ram from Jharkhand
Bhai ne zee news walon ki to le li
RLD vear nice  Kisan morcha
Excellent brother. A huge thank you for explaining. A flawless speech.
RIP ABP NEWS
India should only have one party system and authoritarian regime, otherwise it would never be possible for India to become superpower.
Worth watching
Indian fake media nd government.... Such lier government
Rakesh ji Congress party mein join hone wala hai Congress ka Pradhanmantri Banega ab Rakesh
Great job
beep karke kyu bataya hai agar bola hai to bina beep karke bata do . In actual video (without beep) he did not tell the name of ashish mishra . So, just because they have to blame him  they used this tactic. He might have planned it ,but ye video uska proof nahi hai to kuch bhi batake blame karte hai ye log. And even after the actual footage came , they did not delete this .
Shame on you man I really say this media is no longer is the truth 
These farmers are not Indians, they are rioters paid by Pakistan, China and other anti-India forces...
religions are there. Max Hindu lives here in india, Already Indonesia 
Bill ache the fir bapas kyu liye
A very deep and informative video , good work sir
    I wonder , why did i vote for modi ? when all high moral grounds are expected only from priyanka.
If there no written guaranty its just like AP special status which is promised in parliament. ..
Ravish sir Salute
what many people dont understand: 1. central govt doesn't have budgetary resources to buy entire product of all farmers around India, that is why they don't want to make it a law otherwise they will be bound to buy everything. economically and fiscally, this is impossible. 2. APMC mandis are strongly cartelised meaning only few people can buy from there becoz getting license is very difficult and costs a lot (>5lacs) so these traders buy produce at low prices eventually hurting farmers. also small farmers don't have money to take their produce by tractor to mandi, pay taxes and storage cost till produce is sold. by legitimising outside mandi sale, this will help them legally sell outside mandi. farm laws have been in implementation in m'rashtra for over a decade and now and mandis are still intact. 3. conflict resolution problem is genuine (this is something that govt should consider) 4. repeal of essential commodities act will benefit traders who will now want to buy produce to sell at higher price without govt intervention. even if we imagine that this will lead to steep prices, will it not lead to many people beginning to trade to sell at "slightly lower price than competition to be at a profit"? this will ultimately ensure correct prices (this basically is the essence of market economics , i.e, to promote efficiency through competition and self interest.
Godi ji wo winner hai or looser to aapko pta he hoo
First they were not farmers and they showed that on 26th January at lalkila...just bunch of moron
If this nation does not wake up to the evil the PLUTOCRATIC SANGHEE FASCISTS (RSS-BJP and the like) pose to this nation's economy and its people, it will amount to a COLLECTIVE DOOM sooner than later.
Too late too little. People do not have faith in PMs words.
At least there are channels like ndtv that dare to show the truth
You should ask income will be double, not crop price  will be double. And ask him how Rakesh has accumulated so much wealth
Wah awesome explained dear supreb keep it up
Covid 3RD WAVE STARTS TODAY
This decision right now
Congratulations to Farmers for their Unity and Integrity.
I like how state governments have right to stop any law .. just like caa wasnt there in Bihar  but I think opposition wants something else
i guess they have not read a single line
This is very unfortunate for the country
Appreciate you Guys for the Genuine Journalism,
Govt is showing to much leniency to Rajesh Tikkait. Enough is enough, now govt must take some tough action against him and other associates. These groups are taking everything granted in the name of democracy.
You deserve why the hell you blocking road. Jaam ho gya haryana..
How can they do it.... Strange unhuman....
Modi or bjp  mooh ke baal geera. modi dont play with jumlas and joot. phoot shoot leaders beware.
Then why pannun claims that he is funding for the protest  Rathee either you are lying or you are not informed property or you have been given some agenda  why are spreading lies to instigate farmers against the government what are you up to?
#FarmersLifeMatters  #NoFarmerNoFoodNoLife 
Its not safe going to delhi now...High no. Of infections. ..pls take care of health first.
.. My question for Godi media where was you in rallies?? Ankh me ___ghusa lete ho kya tabbb.. Bdk #GodiMedia.. So u hv no right to talking about covid on farmers..
Thanks for the info bro but bills are truly against the farmer
Mam eassy on vaccination, covid 19 ,pls pls mam
BJP and Godi media is responsible for creating all disturbances to crush the Kisssns of our India and profiting to corporate Ambani and Adani.
Organizer and media are fueling this protest to destabilize new government..
no any law to minimum support price
So arnoob are you saying that supreme leader modi lost to "khalistani terrorists"?
Views Shows that how much we are concerned about farmers
Prod off
I never got chills after seeing a crowd!!
We have faith in SC , hope it will solve the problem
assassinated its Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in 1991;
Sthaniye nahi Madam ! BJP ke gunde aye the police ke sath . Wo ladies ke camp par hamla kar rahe the,Ranjit Singh ne aurto ko bachane ke leye , talwar  uthaye the
Unfortunately, many farmers aren't well educated enough. So the wrong minded people mislead them for their own benefits. Even I was thinking that BJP has done something wrong because of which these people were protesting. Well, I still don't understand their point. What do they really need ?
But respect u for coming up with ur own opinion that farm laws r good...respect
India human rights violation
DACOIT AND KHANGRESSI WILL BE VERY HAPPY THAT THEY CAN CONTINUE THEIR BROKER BUSINESS OF LOOT !
Hopefully, the BJP IT cell warriors will still get their 2 rupees wage for all the trash and nonsense they said about the farmers and their demands all along...
5. The sorry state of being of the Employee-mindset fellow citizens during the COVID-19  PANDEMIC only hardened the resolve of the farming community to resist CORPORATIZATION of the agriculture sector.
During the bye polls BJP lost in the places where farmer's agitation was going on. To save western UP during state elections BJP has taken back the three farm laws. Time will tell whether this will be successful.
This bill looks very promising eliminating corruption at middle men and farmers , end users and private companies are direct benefitors.
Those who lost their lives,many their families be blessed....Jai hind
Rakesh Tiket is playing politic under farmers disguise.
This needs more views. Couldn't ask for any better explanation weighing both pros and cons
Churuni - You are misguiding the farmers    llllllllll
Better late than never. A good move by the US Government since they have to eradicate this mad menace of piggish brutes in beards who follows that mentally derailled blood thirsty pervert who was after every woman.
It seems the popular slogan jai jawan jai kisan prooved false during bjp rule......this is the first time ever happened so... the jawan and the kisan came into the conflict...face to face.....
Jish din Congress power main aayi ush din yeh police wale bhagte firenge 
Waste government
You call panjabi farmers actually they are landlords and poor from bihar do farming there
Good india can grow dry fruit.
Haryane ke tath h ye to 
Corona Sonar Uttar Pradesh 
The other side
It's attack on humanity 
Why this news channel shown only half of Diljit's video...?! He really did a great job....  Ye ABP news Nhi BJP news hai!!!
Crap, hogwash etc don't befit nor bring respectability to your channel Mr. Iyer
By farmers he means MLAs and MPs who cultivate garbage so the nation can rot and be disposed to globalised forces.
It is because of them we eat food.
Omg pardon me for voting BJP in the last elections on the behest of Badal Dal.
I doubt after watching ur videos that u are just a paid propaganda of IT cell. Though i dont want this to be true cz u are a teacher.
Jio neay patti paranjallo .. Jio vannadhinu sheasham alley oru internet revolution undaayea . 1Gb 300 rs nu thannu mobile companies nammaley pattichirunnadhonnum aarum parayunnilla
They are not farmers just middle men
U must accept u r training ISIS terrorists. They will sure boomrang on India
How can v be happy when our farmers are struggling in the capital!!Shame on usWe should stand with our brothersJai Hind
You can feel him in your heart! 
MSP/subsidy is the ONLY support that we can give to our farmers. It should be written into a law. MSP can be kept to the bare minimal level, and linked to an objective criterion of quality tests.
Despite that some more percentage of farmer be benefited from Gov procurement. The value a seller gets in his relationship with the buyer depends upon whether the seller has an alternative option. Otherwise the buyer exploits his monopoly power.
Good luck with all those Afghans America!
The talk between farmers and government is not crossing The line of ifs , buts , therefore , although , since and ultimately both of us sleep on farm bill using it as pillow for two years , if any solution comes in our dream Will be Okay ! Such is the conclusion of last meeting as laymen can understands ?
CBI should also keep watching on BJP leaders so that they may not run away from country after selling Public Sectors properties to 2 private corporates under NMP Niti.
The culture this guys born into
Sir ji Daly calls dala kro please
decision could be made by our super hero's(farmers). In other hand government could represent there work from the insurance 
Mr S. N Srivastava this is not the right wat to do such a criminal things to do n though they are not the terorist or criminals n they are the common people who is feeding ur family n our brothers n sisters if u r well educated u should stop all this kind of things 
Proud of Trudeau.
*For me India is, the cradle of the human race, the birthplace of human speech, the mother of history, the grandmother of legend, and the great grandmother of tradition. our most valuable and most instructive materials in the history of man are treasured up in India only.*
Tysm great work . 
Yess I am with kishan
Fake Farmers, Khalistani, AntiNational elements getting foreign funding from China, Uk, Usa, Canada n many more....kangress n other opposition parties conspiring N supporting this, Pakistan wants to instigate voilence In Punjab n other parts of India  Modi ji  failed their plans 
All other crops are procured below MSP or rarely above MSP.
I call this ambush and bullying Indian farmers
Very heartbreaking  news
Very well explained each nd every details related to msp.....thnk u so much sleepy classes for these types of explanations
Anchor is directed by Papa Modi...
Shame on Modi government for repealing farmer's laws. These laws would have helped farmers.
Those who support these protect first study farm law before commenting or supporting any side.  No one open eye last 70 year when farmers doing mass sucides because there is no reform. Now reform is here ? Why protect?
---Tried to invade Maldives in 2018;
Yet the farmers will still loose for a fair price who  will be left in the hands of middlemen hoarders and corrupt politicians who will control the price. The rest of the farmers of India were so happy that they got a better price for their crops and accepted the agricultural laws. Leaving only Punjab farmers under pressure from middlemen and foreign funds to protest who were not even paying tax and controlled the price. Shame
Farm Protest is a world wide grass roots movement and has turned into Revolution in India.
Very informative.
I am from India,
Lotus will never bloom in south sates 
A wish of Indian government......Everything will be all right if there is no Indian and Indian involvement in Afghanistan.
First all the minister should step down that's ethics. BJP should ask for is resignation it will happened proper investigation. Already the police took mor than one week to arrest and still prime Minister haven't said a word to the deceit very sad. In spite clear video??? Murder is taken as robbery total nine people died are they not important. 
Sir, won't there also be a reduction in deadweight loss if MSP is withdrawn when they sell outside the APMCs?
Muslims and Islam is so radical they fight and kill each other .
why does the hindustan times video look so similar
Wrong information rajeet was defending women farmers from bjp goons ,,nobody injured 
Zee news is tatty you are dogs of modi
Good analysis even though unpalatable for BJP lovers like me. 
He is very honest person. But he is fool and he has no sense
Shame on you Mr.  Puppet Ready to modi
Thy can block any road in Afganistan..
I think things are not what we see on the surface. Someone somewhere is playing dirty games.
 But government only opened another option for farmers. The mafia usually sabotage any reform. But this time the mafia  did not get the chance to sabotage the bill. The mafia has money, politics, influence & they try to use 'farmer-food' sentiment  mixed with sectarianism to bully the nation joining hands with politiqueing oppurtunists.
The report has no answer
4) No other flag other than Indian National flag should be put on the Red Fort. And they put their religious flag also. This is an insult to the Nation! Next other communities will also wnt to hoist their flags on the Red Fort!
This minister is a liar...repeating the lies do not make them truth.....by keep lying, he is uniting all the farmers together for more force against the law.....the whole india is protesting in their respective state...godi media is misrepresenting the truth.....
Try to know who is prime minister of India don't misunderstand him
Chala thanks sir nice explanation 
- make govt non functional 
He is  shell shocked
Are this a picture of rats fleeing a sinking ship?? 
Shame on the POLICE who's WORK is to stop CRIME is stopping Farmers and then calling it LAW.
NDTV is the only channel that shows and projects ground reporters as the main presenter than glorifying the ones sitting in Studio
Why lawyer and judge won't be accountable and why government won't freeze & recheck every such SEC 123 TRANSFER of property by crooked promoter , land mafia / relatives 
Election Jumla
They are not farmers. they are traitors khalistani agents and members of Tukde secular liberal and award returning gangs
Feku finally hara
""""""BJP or RSS""""
Nusence is this if I am not wrong
Its not a win - please don't celebrate. If you know Modiji - you will know it as well "the game has just began". Don't cry later !
4).      ,      &                        (Rainfed areas farmers)            (exclusion policy)      
i  think its very weak decision taken by gov.
Namaste: iske piche MC congress hai, jai hind
All Sikhs were warriors and used to live on horses like nihangs during mughal times but after peaceful times most of Sikhs gave up arms and started living normal life in cities and villages .
Won't they be able to sell at a higher price compared to the govt. prices ? this going to mean more cost at the end of the day for the consumer
Bahut achha mam ji may god media bhi aise hi samjhate so that protest kam ho 
I think Present Afghan Government should peacefully shift the power to Taliban in Kabul and in every District if they want peace and stability. By doing so Afghanistan will get prosperity Because the real owner of Afghanistan are Taliban and they know each and every tactics how to control the present puppet Ashraf Ghani Government. So, fighting with Taliban is just like to putting himself in to hell.
Haryana , Punjab especially are going to be heavily impacted , but instead of slowly assuring farmers about the laws and properly consulting about it , listening to what they want , the way they hurried and passed this bill and labeled "Every protestor" as a "Terrorist". You can see where this is leading up to.
No farmers no food why are you fighting with farmer plz don't fight with farmers 
This is level of journalism that every channel should learn from.
boykot congress
Bahut complicated case hai bhai
What a country we live in,  where education has no power , illiterates rule over literates, no voice matters , no  humanity matters , at the end where are we reaching as a country, this brings tears , this is shear fall of humanity , I don't believe this is the same country where people like  Dr.Abdul Kalam lived and had vision of future we can create together as country !! I feel the pain of where  the system is reaching, and we don't even know where we can reach with all these
Much, they should learn from this problem 
wo co-oprative society hai..jo kissanoko loan dete hai jayda intrest  wala wo co- oprative dalal band hone chaihiye
Punjipatio dwara Stockings kr ke Whi chij very higher rate me bechega Adani Ambani
It will attrack all ship within it vortex range
yogi is doing great in up 
So good to finally see the people responsible for 26 jan debacle finally being punished !
THE reason the GOI allowed the farm agitation to continue even after 700 death of farmers for 18 months, is precisely only for this reason if identifying these persons. GOI wanted time to identify these perpetrators mostly spread over in   5 to 6 countries and naturally it is a time consuming process.  Now the GOI is well equipped to deal with these perpetrators. 
Rapid forced accelerated urbanization of India... but do cities have the infrastructure to accommodate a societal change of this scale.... 60% population trickles into cities out of necessity as they are pushed out of agriculture.
All the farmers congratulations and hats off
Congress is paying them
This clown is on his knees because of elections this guy is the king of double standards...mass revolution that the way   ...
Sir make a informative video on PDS(Public Distribution System)
They are farmer's not enemies
Tikait Phatoo tu election tho ladle 
Thanks drishti team to give exam approach and how to ask questions in exam
So clearly explained
Shame.  Thanks. .
AIM should enjoy the nullification of 377 with other men. No need to use his mouth here.
Poornees thinking in Indian history
20. Hitler used to love getting photographed
National average is Rs10,000 but state average income in Punjab is Rs18000 I'm pretty sure. Also remember many small land owner farmers will not be able to sustain a family of 3 or more no matter what. No where in world MSP exists. Kids of farmers need to study and engage in other income sources if land is small. We already get subsidized seeds, fertilizers, electricity and often loan waivers.
Poor Farmers  again got hijacked by Rich farmers and Agents . Now for another few decades no political party will get this Farm bill passed.
One of the best lectures ever.
Any Car Hit .. BJP comes up!!. 
Haha Bollywood and cricket is in India 
I NEVER VOTE BJP FROM NOW... I TRAVELLED 468 KM TO VOTE MODI LAST TIME...... VOTED TO BANDI SANJAY IN  KARIMNAGA TELANGANA .......OUR KCR IS FARMER AND HIS GOVT IS FOR FARMERS AND BY FARMERS ...I WILL VOTE TRS THIS TIME ...JAI KCR.... JAI TELANGANA
Informative Video 
Guru Gobind Singh ki Army ... I don't want to live long I want to live and fight and win ... God Bless Farmers ... Waheguruji ki Fateh
Bhakts using Gurcharan Das Opinion to vindicate their stand on Farm Bills, but will abuse the same Gurcharam Das for his opinion on CAA and article 370
There is not mature Democracy in India.
People who travel knows that if you remove the guard from the airport of any peaceful poor  countries, you ll see the same things. It would happen anywhere in subsaharian Africa with a US plane. People only takes the opportunity. The Taliban is only a detail in the story
BJP represertive in the Debate seems to be very poor in the knowledge of legal and even political matters. Sorry state of affairs.
Disgusting scenes. Extremism will destroy india. Both from govt and protestors
THIS IS BULLSHITT..
This is anarchy. 
BJP government is not interested in resolving the farmers issue. The demands of farmers are simple but are critical for farmers survival. The government should not feel embarrassed or feel defeated in accepting the demands of the farmers. The BJP feels still there are many farmers who support the government and the majority hindu population are with them and will vote the party to power again.
Salute for whole of your research, data collection and it's depiction through graphs and pie charts. 
We all are r mortals . Shame on you modi 
Wanted to hear this to just to get his point of view. But it's all crap and the number of views of the video speaks for itself.
we have terror in our own country. When will our army realize this? They should be worried about the inside than the border
Why big and small farmers are not making kisan cooperatives all over to produce, process, store, transport 75% village products direct delivery to towns, city houses with instant payment, thus farmers can direct control of rural economy, 20% products can be sold to open market for day to day traders
Why there is more dislike than like in this video, why to this channel dislike to modis account
increase manifold, and more tax can be mopped up without increasing rates. Of
Every time they do or say something pro right +1
Farmers suffer due to:  Dependency on rain, middlemen, unorganised market, transportation, labour, aversion by younger generation, fragmentation of land, No bargaining powers, victims of politics, drought, flood, landslides, low return on investment, fake seeds, adulterated fertilizers, No fall back insurance in case of crop failure, traditional methods of cultivation etc.
I'm a Punjabi from Punjab,,, come and see, what we do here,,, now we are in Delhi for that What we want.... Don't watch Godi media.... Come to Punjab or Haryana just for a few days... Bring Camera, reporter each and everything,,, you will come to see the ground reality... We are against the rules,,, even Grade 5 students can teach the those PAID CHANNELS' ANCHORS... seriously
Shane shame on bjp
Are vah sab sthaniya log Nahin the BJP ke gunde the
phn choda dekha video kithe fathar mare
who has BJP not angered oh yes Ambani and Adani
Finally when it comes to playing Politics Modiji & Amit Shahaji are master Politiations.
Taliban kha frustration yeh group terrorist hi tho hoo 16 Aug ma bhol tha gun chala nah or government chalana mus kil  hi nah nah  mum kin
Jo ae madam bol rahi hai news , bohat galat bol rahi hai , je news channel wale police walo ka sath dete hai bas , paise lene k maare jhooth bolte hai yeh sabb newswale
Ty sir for this it was very much needed
An example has been set which is most dangerous for indias reform......
 UP     50      400 
Ek phone call ki duri pe chai wala ..
RESPECT FOR INDIAN FARMERS! These are the people who feed HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS of P E O P L E and whose toil and tears will never be appreciated by the AGRIMONSTERS i.e. the 'movers and shakers in the agricultural world nor the supermarkets at home and abroad" who treat them as the serfs and vassals of the Middle Ages in Western Europe. They are the people who produce in accordance with Nature and whose carbon footprint is negligible when compared to the carbon footprint of farmers in for e.g. The Netherlands. RESPECT for your protracted struggle and may you be able to send your sons and daughters - now confined to CHILD LABOUR by virtue of the existing circumstances - to schools of higher learning incl. Agriculture! - in the near future. RESPECT!
I don't know y media giving him so much importance
What a clarity super camera work 
bringing farm laws masterstroke. repel them master stroke.
Yogi should win but Modi should lose. Been saying this since 2019 elections.
#WeStandWithFarmers 
Shame to say India is a democracy today! Why no criminal case charged against the criminal officer?
Plzz clear one point that how much crops under msp
Congress , pakistan and china funding these protests... anti social elements who dont want solution are protesting
*Chinese Wolf Warrior*
*Modi knew that he will face brickbats and ridicule for taking the laws back.*
AJIB BANDA HE HAMARA HAR 6 MONTH ME BILL LATEHE OUR DEKHATE HE KONASA NAYA SAP AAYA 2 YA 3 SAP NAYE AAYE BAKI SAB GHISE PITE HUVE SAHIN BAG ME THE VOHI HE GOOD
this is kissan panchayat  or political rally?
Truth is, there are a ton of loopholes in these laws and when corporations are involved they exploit each and every loophole to the fullest (just look the the NPS, process of approving loans are exploited by corporations). Another reason to consider is that we cannot let the food market to be a monopoly/designed monopoly or duopoly( in US telecom companies carve out area so that they can maintain monopoly, indian food corporations might do the same). Ultimately the entire nation has a lot to lose if these laws fail to protect the farmers as well as consumers.
Need a debate between Feku and SomeShit Patra on the benefits of the "declared-repealed" farm laws. Will be quite a watch 
Don't call them as farmers , they are all goons  they betrayed farmers of other sides of country
charge  per transaction thro markets will loose 1000 crores (10000 
Only the fool will vote for BJP Mukesh ambani ka party.
All of this seems to be for the benefit of Jiomart
These Farmers deserve "The Most Clueless People On The Earth Award" 
Nice class sir ji
We did not brought law overnight but we never consulted with farmers about law because it wasn't necessary....
Should respectable news channels carry such rubbish "news" Citizens of India are not interested in this
Very well move by gov
AAJ Tak channel also part of godi media......then how can you believe on his news is right....... I am following your channel From long time .. I am really disappointed with this... I am expecting always right and your own report on your channel... You are good I hope you will fix this.
This is good, a lot of idiots are going to find out soon
Farmers, Modi's repeals are no use as your status quo is not changed better. Learn from Naxalite to guard your rights.
But why Modi has to address the Nation, just to withdraw the Farm Laws. He could as well have given the job to the Agriculture Minister, who championed it in Parliament. Socha National Television meh credit leh lo. This guy is hungry for cheap publicity.
Indian medias may show this as protest from Kabul against Taliban
Protesters are APMC BUSINESS MAN they are not farmars.
Only a Crazy person can say, "out side of Parliament said, we'll allow discussion"
Wah sir fan of u.. help me with 15 lakhs u promised or else please don't feku
Pura India sold by Indian salesman company BJP party  Save our  India and Save our Punjab 
5) not allowing farmer to fix price for there products.
it's highly useful video. lucidly explained as I'm in Tamil Nadu still it's coherent for me to understand. I heart fully appreciate your great job done.pls don't mind fewer views good thing will prevail one day. I once again appreciate your great work
Is the price of commodity decided by the seller or buyer or supply and demand, so how can any corporate control the price . By this so called protection by the government our farmers are still in not so healthy state isn't it
Joy
Great vedio! Very useful! And your voice is also so sexy and attractive! Wanna to see your face mam!! Thanks..
With all due respect, most of your video argues that we need reforms in farming. EVERYONE agrees that we needs reforms, especially the FARMERS who are committing suicides due to lack of good reforms. But what reforms do we need?!
Kerala has communist mindset, eat beaf and pork, with Hindu population of 30 %, who are actually surrendering to Communist - Muslim - Christian thought process. 
My advice is that some corona patients are to be asked to mingle without masks etc and let them cough in the meet so that these thugs get corona and die. It is all because of stupid judgement of SC permitting protest. In fact it is SC which is encouarging anarchy and the judges are responsible for the protests. Remember when ECI can be charged for murder of people under criminal law by a stupid temarks of a HC and SC asking ECI to take it in correct spirit. Let the judges of SC by allowing protest from anarchists is also equally guilty. In the cell inject coro a to yogendra and other anarchists who are acting for pharma lobby and Chinese spies in India.
God bless you sister
Large misunderstanding? hahaha.. I guess Jaggi understands corporations better with attachments!
Question 1at truth
Our leaders are not learning from past, There will no peaceful protest, I am sure on it. We have seen how in just one day they become violent. Let not apply All three Bill in Punjab, if they want to be deprived let it be. because they think they are in better situation. While Punjab is one of the state in which Farmer suicide is big issue.
India is killing innocent people
I am a staunch BJP supporter, but it's good to know how the other side views this to make an informed decision. So, yea, we may not agree, but thanks for making this video
We.are.agree
4 people along with driver were lynched.
Are you guys serious right now? All the people supporting this article are that dumb to know the actual facts?
Ravish sr winner ho modi har gya 
Yep in south Gujrat Amreli farmer use solar and get free power and other all useless power give electric company and they pay 70000 per year my some relatives are doing this
I am a farmer but i support farm law.... Very bed day for me
And also MLAs
This is the end of US supremacy. 
Modi is the best pm
Khattar has stated in public that  500-1000 BJP workers should be unleashed on farmers, armed with sticks and stones and not held back by police. 
Very sad to our old farmers from Punjab and other states dying on the Delhi roads. 600 farmers lost their life. These farmers fed India from generations. What is their fault? Only fault is in 1947, Instead of taking their own country they proffered to stay with India as Nehru promised them freedom. People now you can see kind of treatment India gave them.
Up and punjab mai election aane waale hai
Does the Pakistani ISS regret supporting the Taliban now? Will Afghanistan annex Waziristan?
If u r in Modiz place  what best option u had.. When most thing r against u?
True pure Gentleman.... proud to be a Canadian.........
Which allows the farmers to directly sale they produce to the whoever they want...
Why we do not need Goverment???
I like Rahul Gandhi. He is a kind hearted person
You guys are the representative of people behave yourself 
Why dont you do press conference with pm Modi
but why you are showing on your media these both together
 youtube  itrem views    ...
Farmers are no more trustworthy .....
Farmers koo essential commodities ki supply close kr deni chahiye urban areas koo tb pta chlye ga ki farmers terrorist hai ja khalistani. Farmers is only farmers, they all are human beings not terrorists or khalistani.STOP blaming them.............
 ke sath sath encounter hona chahiye
 THANKS STUDY IQ FOR ALL GREAT ANALYSIS 
government should be in between farmer and corporate 
Don't understand these creatures at all...before they didn't want them..now they want to have discussion on it. What a bunch of useless ppl sitting in that room 
THE GREAT STRUGGLE BY FARMERS AGANIST DECTORIAL GOVERNMENT.
Fish market owner is sooo arrogant
Ohh, so the aazaad nation from 2014 has turned into a jihaadi state overnight??? .....means India hasnt got independence yet!!! ....papa??? What is this nonsense??? I cant believe you did this!!! 
Here after Modi Kneeled Down For Elections..!! Farmers Won  Whether its to Fight to British or Modern Jhumla Party Sikhs are on the Front always ..!!!
Suraf toh dekho anchor kee
this will make bjp remain in power doing nothing
He is acting on directions of Kahachhar who is the chief villain
->  The only losers with Farm Reforms are Middle men of Mandi and Political parties who eat "Bribes" from these Dacoits
.... What the hell
U are foolish when 1991 act come for increasing economy private companies come even they give employment to many people but salary is very low in the same way farmer will get less than msp rate if new rule come the best example is bihar .today bihar farmers exploited thats why they are leaving bihar and are going to other states for labour work because they follow this new system from many years
From first day the khalistani supporter take over this andolan and  funding are coming from Canada by the khalistanis....
If u need food in future please do it any media 
Seems like they have forgotten Godhra riots....time to give them a refresher?
Very nice..explained ..with short & simply..well done bro..
Something tells me we are being conned in the UK with all the lockdown when you see crowds like this without massive spikes in cases and deaths
Pashtoons love Imran Khan!
As always govt is befooling farmers to satisfy their own political and corporate interests
 As far as protesting farmers of state of Punjab and Haryana are concerned, there only demand should have been the exemption of  their states in the Act and nothing else as it would be unreasonable to ask for grants from the government despite the latter is giving out huge sums of subsidies without being asked for.
Shame.Look at the govt. Hospital and school,no money to enhance it. However poor pm and cm has money to built statue and idol in India.....
You think its your victory and governments loss.? 
Rakesh  is doing  politics,  it's  seem  2 b another Shaheen  baag  shameless  people's.
The great framer protest against authoritarian government
Farm laws are not liked by only Panjab and UP farmers and there were no agitations In other parts of India, except these two states. I am from Maharashtra and I know here how farmers are getting benitfits of these laws.
Very less quantity is procured by govt. each year. Concept of MSP is not wrong, MSP price is minimum price should be paid. The price should not fall below this certain limit. Private middlemen should also fallow this, this is expection. 
Ghori was defeated in first battle of tarai 
So stubborn that he is now preventing Indian citizens from enjoying the basic rights guaranteed to them by the constitution!!
7. How is the bill useful for farmers with such big loopholes?
Farm laws are indeed a Big GOOD thing for farmers.  Surprisingly the well-to-do farmers in Punjab and Haryana want STATUS-QUO to continue.  Farmers from other states do see a HUGE benefit from farm laws!  The left elements and opposition have been very good at enhancing the confusion.  Since this issue is happening in the mid-term it is not going to influence 2024 elections.  Unnecessarily they are robbing the farmers from escalating to NEW HEIGHTS in the field of Agriculture.
Hollywood Female Celebrities Latest updates, News & Current Status...
I am very happy to see our democracy is thriving, power democracy is being shown to govt
Such a cheap National leader's we have.
2. Kishan are those sikh and muslim from punjab and haryana..
He think he is wise but he is not he came to Meghalaya and talk shit in youtube like this after the CAA conflict. Think like this people, what has this govt achieved for the benefit of the common man for every policy they made..
Cyclone hit 
Aajtak is official sponsor of Kisan virodhi andolan
Judiciary at its lowest level after independence.
Abba jab power me the kya jap mar rahe the? Tum Congress walo ne tho aam insan ko mardiye. Shamless fellows now speaking as if they did something. Worst Congress party.
We want SAMDHISH Sir back !!
Sikhs don't pray to  "Devi-devte" sikh's pray straight to "akal purakh" God. it is hurtful to Sikhs whenever he says "Devi-devete" . These mistakes are done on purpose to show that sikh's are hindu's. Sikhs respect all religions and can die to protect people of all faith.
Already destroyed economy. now  focusing on agriculture
Ans is (c)=3
electronic trading and transaction platform or any other suitable benchmark prices:
Looks Rahul is defending the bill
Anchor is biased
We support this Bill if one state not get advantage from it doesn't means to let other poor farmers also suffer 
Using Jeep as a weapon... and the weapon was supplied by? So why is Ajay Mishra saying he is not involved? If he claims he and his son were not present when farmers were killed, than Dawood and Osama were not present in New York or Mumbai where people were killed but we blame them because they provided weapon and ideas thus were master mind of the whole operation.
Thank you Delhi people 
How about ugar police wale?
Pls sir go.slow...you are going too fast
Well deserved . Indiscipline and disrupting has to b tackled this way .  If the protests r undertaken in a peaceful, civilised way there is no issue
This video reminds me with world of war z movie scene
BJP has excellent way to convert/divert all and every grievance into Nationalistic 'Castle in the air'......
Excellent speech sir hatsup to you sir vvvrao.
we want Arvind Kejriwal in Next PM 2023
Your expert itself except that only open market is not good for the economy and both US and UK has only open market in their economy.
Very Insightful Shekhar sir !!!! Thank you very much. Planning to go for paid subscription.
Bjp are killing democracy by bringing laws with out discussion, buying elected MP&MLA from other parties to make governments. (syndia & trators in madhpardesh) Vote ki chot, no vote for bjp. Bjp will loose state governments. Indian from UK
Development means more jobs, high salaries, low utility costs, low taxes, affordable health care, high quality education and large number of growth opportunities. Justice based governance means nobody can misuse power. Self-respect and inner strength means always standing with the right no matter who is against you. It doesn't matter you die rich or poor but make sure you die with self-respect. For that to happen ask government about development and knock it down if justice isn't served. Farmers are doing the right thing and Modi is one of the biggest scam.
this videos is misleading apmc is just a medius of selling where govt. play part to assure trade security for farmer. and if buiscuit company need grains he can come to apmc market to buy. there is no restriction to sell at any market. you can sell at any apmc market. farmer from bihar come to punjab to sell their produce in punjab/haryana to get good price for their produce as govt. have ended their apmcs decades ago.
BJP government total failure
Boycott abo
They have already distributed  police dress and weapons to their goons just like they have done
We all welcome the announcement of the Prime Minister to repeal the farm laws . Unfortunate is the loss of hundreds of lives. This backing of is primarily because of the election scheduled in Punjab and Uttar Pradesh . One thing is escaping our notice - one the rural distress , second is price rise , third is job loss now all this is in the public domain and it's being spoken of . This is also a ploy to dominate the narrative  - a big announcement will be spoken of and will be debated .. so the issues listed above will not get the attention . As of seriousness when this announcement was being made he made a distinction in saying most of the farmers in the country where in support of the Farm laws  .. so a change of heart  .. he didn't even say a word on the hundred of deaths .. it is a political decision but let's say it's good.
  Second, The whole world watches and knows that, Delhi Police has blocked roads, not farmers. Although honourable the Supreme Court is in Delhi, still it does not know that, who has blocked road? Then honourable the Supreme Court mistakes.
JAI HIND 
Hindu girls safe in india.  Ok... Owaisi sir. -  Taliban is  a evil for women of Muslim.  Ok
These are not real farmers , these are Congress , Tikait and AAP backed vandalism .
The speaker himself in both lok and rajya sabha is dalaal of bjp 
The only solution to this is to get freedom from Hagustan and form a separate country - Khalistan otherwise these brahman hindus from BJP will keep on doing it every now and then
Bahut slow ho aajtak walo, ye pichale 2 dino se social media pr chal rha h aur tumhe aaj mila h
THE MINIMUM SUPPORT PRICE RS.3002/QUINTAL FOR 2020-21, SO ALL FAMERS OF BHARAT SHOULD
Please cut the clutter.
What a stupid news report..
Dr Ambedkar father of Indian Constitution said on   independence day 15 th August 1947 said  "  Now  Foreigners (Britishers ) are leaving, here onwards Indian Nazies will rule our  India"
Farmers in the Other Parts of India don't have a single problem and why do these punjab farmers have a problem? Congress the opposition government is creating chaos in India against BJP and Narendra Modi. And the Farmers of the Rest of the India came to protest against these farmers protesting for no reason. Making innocent faces won't  make you great and develop stympathy for these fake farmers in no smart person's heart. These are Khalistani people and kisan andolan is just a name but they are the Khalistani supporters. These people protested with the Khalistani flag in USA also at the same time and they said it was all linked and planned.
TheShamSharma Show and Nitish Rajput  always talk with facts 
I support the farmers. There is a vital  difference in the statement of BJP leaders & their practical performance on the ground level. They & officers in their ruling states are unresponsive against offence followed by corruption despite written request with evidence. Hence they are liable to be rejected for ruling in future.
Amazing how pro farm law snippets are thrown into the mix - there is nothing wrong in the farm. Laws...removal of MSP is a conjecture.
Thousands of farmers commit suicide every year in India because they dont earn enough to pay banks back. With these 3 laws, matters will get worse.
They are not farmers. Real terrorists
Finally anti-farmers won and true farmers(Modi Govt) loss....shameful.....
Why our PM is hesitating to talk infront of media.
ModiYou are a great actor: all people now knows about your bad face
Your knowledge weak ...
First Tittle guarantee Chattam teste baguntadi
Respect towards farmers
Punjab, south india and Bengal must unite against corrupted Hindi states tryying to rule over the country. They split bengal cause it was a threat to hindis.
Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs
What is this going on? Where is Law now? And where is Justice?
Please make these kind of videos in hindi
Thank you Mr Trudo, India is under an uneducated **** rule. Please save Indians..
Today india has lost the information war. Ajit Doval ji very recently spoke about it. Akash Banerjee ,Dhruv Rathee, scoophoop unscripted, all of u people has really brain washed everyone..your logic on these laws,please check..I have seen Sekhar Gupta ji"s CTC on it. Saw other explanation from different sources, really the day when we virtually surrendered to foreign forces...we the india will pay for it...Akash Banerjee will make some random video picking up random news paper like The Hindu and The Wire which were born to oppose BJP, Dhruv Rathee has told, Congress is much better.. Please #Akash and #Dhrub, please go through past history, go and sit before #Anujdhar ji and #profkapilkumar JI , argue and break fact of these people. please donot fool Indian, we have suffered a lot from the past. we donot want to repeat the past again
Modiji is like lord Krishna. No one can understand him.we.are ordinary people.
2022 random USA , is not new, grocery stores are everywhere in the world.
Realsoft ek thali ke
I respect SC.
Who also get it recommended in 2021
4. Law on msp
Not the nation matters first, it's the my life matter first. He knows better he is no more without modi. That's why he is crying.
Shame on u
It is actually a severe blunder done by Modi Government. On behalf of my knowledge, there is very high probability that, this decision will cause severe consequences and that too  very soon.
Attachments area
Don't trust this govt by any means..... Soon they will try to bring it back to square one by any means
Every political leaders are claiming that it is the win of the farmers and expecting that their Party shall be the maximum beneficiary of this agitation. Now let us see the results in the forthcoming elections. Best of luck to everyone.
IS SUJATA'S STAND WILL BE THE SAME IF HER FATHER OR BROTHER HAVE BEEN KILLED? WHAT LEVEL OF ANDH BHAKTI IS THIS!!!
Such a shame.
Its about time our farmers started fighting back 
Sir please make a video on "Causes of Unemployment in India"
cause of opposition downfall is due to such leaders raising silly slogans all the time
Actually uber finished the monopoly of autowalas who always demand price as per as their wish and also refused to provide services.
  Please suscribe my channel 
Aapki age ky h or aap ky krte h except youtube
Pm modi  is pushing famrmers to  slavery ... that so sad 
Why the Gandhis fails to see writing on the wall. The only votes congress was hoping to get was from the Brahmins in UP as they are disenchanted with BJP. Thanks to this incident they have enabled sympathies of the entire community to BJP.  Whoever master minded it poor lives are lost on both sides.
Failed student explaining, how he actually is better than those who passed in first class.
Maybe USA is totally foolish or they're playing a bigger game deliberately trying to stir up a crisis in Asia using Islamic terrorism against India to wage a war.
NDTV chor Channel
That is good. These are not kissans but terrorists.
Fake news to support Corrupts Liers.Brokers.
If rich farmers aren't happy with new policies but poor farmers that means Modi's policies are good 
Except ndtv and ravish sir stand for truth,but other channels do defend godi media
Happy  ghar vapsi  to kisan. Now they think that their farms are no longer in danger of being taken over by the power full people they can all carry on farming without anticipating  any improvement in their living style. Carry on with old ways farming. Good luck to all of you . Your leaders are now in hurry to fight election in Punjab,Utar pardesh. Hence they have left you in hurry. Now they want to win in state election.  So good by to all of you !!
Why the police against the farmers they are  gods for us but bjp treating them as waste
Comforting to see that some hindus are starting to realize he is not being fair in the way he manage the people.
ThNk you
3.The essential commodities(amendment) bill 2020 
How is the anchor acting.... ridiculous...
Means publuc go to hell if they are hungry. Humanity less governance.
Chinese government also bans the protest and world keep silencet
There is no protest a cross india only except Punjab and haryna because in punjab and haryana there are mandi markets which was collapsing farmers
It was all planned earlier roop kal diya gya ise.... Jai jawan jai kisan se.  Bas jai jawan ho gya h ab..... many Farmers are disappointed...... peacefully krte tho could be possible government sun leti pr ab messing... Everything messing wo bhi 26 Jan ko jiske liye milions of people struggle  just to unit this Bharat
Actual farmers are working in their fields. These brokers are getting funds from Terrorist group like Kamishan and ISI.
Old is gold
India loves to call themselves the worlds largest democracy they pass a bill by force and now are beating protesters and still continue to say the bills are to benefit the farmers.........modi needs to give  lakshmi back to ambani and adani or he will suffer big time in the elections
We have got our lands fighting under this sacred flag
They are Tractor-Terrorists
Modi government is trying to implement dictatorship through the pandemic act .and by
BJP WALO KI VAJAH se rap and murder case badhe hai
Who will bear the responsibility of the death of 700 farmer's who died Just to make this day come true...Most shameless Most incompetent Most horrible Most ridiculous Most pathetic prime of the World is from our country.. Narendra damdomdas Modi..and is something which really embarsses us...
Great job done by haryana police
Wow after how many farmer died , they called khalistani , minister son run over a car on farmer , Same he did on Notebandi , only election matter for him .
Why the hell the media of my country is so corrupt like the politicians there is no difference between ass lickers and national media of India. You guys are streaming so bull shit about the farmers you guys should have some shame you guys have kids or families next time you are sitting with them and having food just think who was that stupid person who worked hard regardless worrying about weather his health to feed you ass lickers of politicians . Farmers of my country are just fighting for their rights in most peaceful manner .  Just want tell you ass likers of politicians We are from Punjab we are the guys for whom there is no difference between land and mother if someone will try to harm them we don't need to tell what we are capable of our history is enough.
Deploy military inside our parliament houses  @saffron
Omg Shamful.... For Indian people... That we can't do anything for this
Farmers is  Great
Whats the sach of you being Tihadi ?
USA has no right to interfere in Afghanistan.
And if tikait doesn't have any political interest then don't compete in UP's election.
Now goverment should take strong action to move these people, not kisan away from roads
We are with you
As a ex army officer . I would like to compliment the police forces involved in this shameful affair . I salute your perseverance , patience and dedication to duty ... .... It was sheer discipline and leadership that you did not open fire . I compliment the men and officers of the police force . I compliment the Governments masterstroke  in  allowing these mobs to vandalize the city . This brazen  display of crude hooliganism in media glare has ensured that this movement is over .I also invite the so called better trained police of the west in wake of the death of George Floyd to view the restraint of Indian police in much more challenging situations . 
Shame on government....Do we still have to believe that we are living on world's biggest democracy.... Jinke karan humare thaliya me teen waqt ka khana hai aaj unse isstarah ka saluk....It's really shameful...
Fucking the Delhi police
India always seems so crowded...  
Very sad....farmers are beating a person....these are hardcore criminals not farmers.
2) why your photo is in every vaccination certificate and campaign(for which foreign media also mocking )
This is mistake of govt
THANKS TO ALL OF  YOU AND TEAM  NEWS LAUNDRY
Punjabi and Haryanavi people are great and true inspiration..hope our Bengal, up Bihar, south all rise with such unity again..  love to all humanity
Rakesh Tikait is the bestard. He is misleading farmers for his political gains.
is not taxed, nor is agricultural income. Less than 3% of total agricultural
Government - we fail to convince farm laws. 
A very awesome video indeed. I feel this is the most amazing by Amit Sir.
TCS Becomes World's Most Valued IT Company, Surpassing Accenture; market capitalisation crossed $169.9BN
Dismiss up govt.
I agree with you sir
Devide and rule policy nhi chale
RAKESH TIKAIT JINDABAD
they want to sell all the farmers land to cooperates, so that the monopoly will be developed , in return  the cooperates will make the farmers slaves, 
Rakesh Dacoit, one of India's Richest politicians who has assets worth 600 Crores and his children live in Western Nations ans he moves around in cars worth 30 Lakhs is Fake Farmer.
80% anti nationals mixed with protesters
```P.S: This post is just and just about Hitler. If this post feels like it has any resemblance to anybody else except Hitler, you can blame it on your own imagination.```
He is a criminal. Treat accordingly. Enough is enough.
A big THANK YOU to our beloved farmer brothers and sisters.
Bullshit farmers are taking the whole country hostage despite receiving all the largess from the government. We need military rule in India for next 50 years.
it is sad to see so many uneducated people
All of those people who are supporting the "farmers", please note that you claim that there should be market reforms and then when those reforms come, you all chicken out and show your inertia.
Finally andolan khtm and duties of andolanjivi finished 
"Unity" begins with truth. "Healing" is not possible without accountability. Stay loud. Accept nothing less. 
Do farmers want to languish in their poverty to enrich the middlemen?  They should come out and protest the withdrawal of these three farm laws .
And what about the Indian farming industry then ? It will continue to remain backward ?
International media is showing farmers as victims but why don't they equally condemn their unruly behaviour as well!!
Similarly in telecom reliance brings down the cost .
 I dont know why common people not get this, that this will Eff them too!!
Gol gol tatti Aaj Tak Channel aur usske anchor hey. Tikait jaise bolte the waise hi bol rahe hey.
What would have been a 30 second report is stretched to 10 minutes ?
2:25 that's not true please check your facts or change your team and don't manipulate our youth. Indian flag was indeed removed and changed to khalistan flag.
Its a great victory of people
   proud of you man 
In a Democracy, A Minister who is holding Home Minister portfolio, and his son arrested for a murder of four farmers, by plowing his car  on them, has no right to be a Union Minister...But you cannot expect morality from a PM who killed thousands of Muslims, when he was CM of Gujarat and an Union Home Minister, who assisted Modi ji in executing the Muslims in Gujarat...
Modi should bring Emergency and arrest all the farmers for anti national activities.. Shoot at site for vandalism...... We don't need these types of unruly kisan...Jai Jawan.
Enough work for this season.... 
FYI.. Those who come from UP /Bihar are not farmers but labourers. Same like how Indians go to abroad -USA/Canada/Aus as labourers
  Railway Student      
Very informative video.  Thanks rathi.
Damn good thing we spent twenty years, billions of US taxpayer $$'s and thousands of US lives to teach them to fish....
That's the treatment they deserve for blocking roads.
Why the petrol & diesel price increase several time disfavour of people ? Effect in this regards is feel the people of India.
give 700 death farmers family 1crore rupees  each and 1 acher forming land.
Taliban is so foolish that even saudi Arabia kingdom claims to be less strict.  foolish in so meny ways & you know what happes to fools
Mr hazare there was no agitation in rest of the country only in 2 states have u ever thought of it
Farmers are our only hope for  survive , please save farmers  from 
Opposition will try their 100% to do everything from  violence to all to fit and use this to use in political agenda to get in powers, as this type of incident fully help opposition to destabilize current power,..indian internal ruff and opposition party mindset for their personel benifit  is very dangerous for the country, this need to be short out fast either army needs to involve or raw need to take these matter in hand... otherwise these internal things with disintegrate india in long run.
If Dhruv lived in India, he could have got arrested by now.
UP CANCER STATE OF INDIA
Keep up the the unity
Farmers income reducted to half acc. To recent report well done buddy 
Kahul Baba and allowed whatever they asked for and didnt even care for 
These LAWS are already failed in AMERICA n Eroupe
Farmers will win lol
 The terrorists of this BJP RSS are determined to destroy the country.
Exposure visits of rural youth to nearby good farms (Polyhouse, open cultivation of flowers, Integrated farming system, agro processing unit, model dairy farms, etc) and rural cooperatives of these youth to be promoted for innovative production & processing activities). 
INQUILAB JINDABAD, Long live revolution
History banai 
Sanjay raute jitna bhokle tu and tere chamche kutte and purra chor group mager tum sabki bap ka ik hi name hai yogi
If you runs Thar on silence people then it will be happened
Those people who fought the BRITISH CORPORATE system then are called Freedom fighters & Inqulabis.
Yes... Thousands of Modi's sarkari (govt) agents dressed up as police and farmers did the whole drama all over Delhi, including the Red Fort, in order to derail the real farmers peaceful protest.
One cant argue that the bill affects farmers in Punjab more than rest , because thats not true.
Please wear mask and keep all protocols in mind 
For those of you just want to watch the bill withdrawal declaration, watch from 14:10
1st quality of god believers are respect humanity and honestly, don't lie or cheat any people in this world! 
What a little boil came in the blood of Bhagat Singh's children.
Very good Congress party
I had huge respect for Sikhism. I even used to visit gurudwaru.. NEVER ANYMORE!! NEVER
Still boycott Bollywood 
Democracy sinking
And gave the kiss an rights becoz  your country people  worried plzzzzz
Itne log to mere mohalle me jama hojate h ye to phir bhi BKU ka leader h salla
Government want to become middleman trader. What a greedy corrupt official.
Spl thanks to ndtv journalists ravish kumar , nagma sehar , sanket uphadhyay, etc and the whole ndtv team
Chal h abhi bhi
Kyon Jhooth bol 9 log total Mare
Angad leading India and blessings
Kissan congress ke chamche he
Madarchodo bill pass to rona h or bill wapsi to rona h haramii chate ky ho ye to batao
Why people are saying Annadhata, these people are domestic terrorist supporting political parties and also want to be in politics
No tex pay boycutt
Why  Medias so  interest to bring BJP on power.  See from the last seven years on power what developement they are done every think people were watching.  What a stubborn Govt BJP from the last thirteen months kishan were  on ground.  If Govt will not care them then who will care where is PM where is home minister what about  their promises this Govt is file.  Finely young people wants job.  Temple devolpment is ok what about Hindu Muslim why they are taking different we are Indians all Indians are our brothers and sisters.  God is watching if God curs come on them punishment no excuse.
Jhoot bol rahe hain
He was absent when formers needed.. He is back when BJP needed.
Kejri joker and aunty Wadhera - we all know what you are
This issue of fencing is being sorted the way Pakistan wanted it to.
"You poor ganoar, rustic fellow." 
Hardly found any difference in between aurangjeb  and modi...uski bhi akad punjabio ne todi thi iski toh ab todenge akad ache se.. baithe hai delhi me aa ke ghanta kuch na ukhaad payegi bjp
Black day for the country....
 confirm , Panjab Govt means ,  Congress  ,  sponsored Nakli  Kishan andolan ,so failed 
but gave it up later under great international pressure. The betray triggered huge anger of LTTE so it
I am wondering, where is Akshay Kumar? Earning from punjabi movies but not supporting Punjab and Indian farmers. 
Shame on central Government, please be shame
Shame.   Thanks.
Sandip Chaudhary great anchor
Poision congress maafiya applied anti india activity
Thank You 
God bless her
You guys need to be good listners,
A major point being missed out is that we need to move our farmers away from wheat and rice.
BJP has created Aryan Khan drug case which is much much more important for the nation for National security for the integrity for the unity of India  what more could a voter ask from his or her elected party???? Bina Mange hi BJP Ne Sab Kuchh De Diya Hai aur aap log Insaaf Ki Mang kar rahe ho????
I pray God bless them with good health and longevity to keep India self reliant in food security.
Dump Indian government 
I think people have forgottem  involvement, 26th January incident at   Greta toolkit international agenda against India. 
THANK YOU TEAM LALLANTOP 
I laughed so hard 
Their aim is to damage the image of Modi these protesters are not farmers.  Contract employees of Event Management
Mam some person beat one person no one can show.
that is called democracy.
The economists argue that a farmer can sell his produce anywhere in India. But, is it possible for a farmer to ferry his produce from state to state in the hope of a better price? I think the economists are more obsessed with flip-kart and amazon like platforms, but that doesn't work for perishable goods.
Lakin wo gair te ye to bhartiye the
What a shame... What you call these culprits?....
We support the farmers protests
And I come from that India where Manisha jaise bahut se brave journalists rahte hain Sudhir jaison ko unki auqat dikhanekeliye....
love to see the solidarity
Nothing will end .
LT- it seems your smart move to spread their version of story... oh, gradually you have to follow Aaj Tak way of misinfluencing ...
As a good Muslim I fully support Seekh farmers of India. Mein Allah se roz dua karta hoon ki hamare Seekh bhaio ko azaad mulq Khalestan se nawaze. SIkho salute hai ap logo ki bravery ko.
They always disrespect sikh Hairs and pagadi they don't like it
Boycott BJP AKALIS AND CONGRESS
India crying
Congrats farmers. 
One nation one election is wrong...he is right power of democracy is being crushed .. tomorrow BJP will come up with one nation one party same as Russia and China..
But they extend it to 10 mins...
It's so illogical that mandiya will be closed in future ...
Ndtv your are completely propagandist .
VULTURE Politics of Babli
I wasted my time
As much as I love NL, ThePrint and Shekhar Gupta Ji has covered this topic in CtC in a more in-depth way. Please do watch his videos to get a better understanding.
Nice information mam tq
once upon a time you were like that!
You idiots supporting them don't realize or are maybe blind to the fact that there was a pre-agreed timeline when they were supposed to take out the tractor rallies, but by braking police barriers ahead of time at two border checkpoints they have endangered everyone around them, creating chaos and anarchy is not equal to protest and most definitely not peaceful by any means. 
this is a big loss for india. I think that 56 inch ka seena is sulking.
Election stunt don't elect him again he cannot be believed
Respect always 
Great Modi Ji  now we need to wait and watch why he has excused them. Generally modiji don't do anything for free.  Wait for the next move
Well done sir...crisp and clear explaination
Great work done by modi
The Taliban should take their Islamic rules back to Pashtunistan, Pakistan and other areas, not Afghanistan.  This oppression will not last.  Afghans will not put up with this.  They will fight back. Where is the coward international community and United Nations to stop this garage?  Why was this terrorist group ever allowed to take power?
*India Celebrates 72nd Republic Day Today Amid Coronavirus Pandemic; will begin at 9AM and conclude after the traditional fly past 11.25AM*
The only salvation is the withdrawal of three conditions in the act
the red fort  has been sold by goverment howver was won by the sikhs and belongs to the sikhs modi had no right to sell it
They're not  gonna go back. Without victory of truth
They are always pushing the line towards Bjp, Kind of soft corner
Even If price goes down in market buyer has to pay as per the set contract price. 
Sedhaaa nhe ry phirrr phutyy tareeky nal apna haqq laoo
You can see someone disrespectful of  your religion and will forgive him. If someone tears your holy book. But alas you take your holy book not very seriously respectfully. But you wont have seen sikhs how much respect they give to their holy book. If you have not seen then go to a gurudwara sahib and see. Because you dont respect your religion that doesn't mean someone else can be same. 
Hence some states travelled to Delhi
if there is PDS reforms they will oppose.
Is it modi talking direct support from tv
one question to all those who called PAPPU?
6 month protest is frustrating.
BAN Relince products
So many viruses in the Air! 
The day you become a fan of a Politician is the day you fail as a Citizen
How to do any crime in india and get away with it : Join BJP
Thank u so much sir, for the information. I work as gram panchayat secretary this information will help me in guiding the farmers, I will share this video with my friends too...thank you sir.
He should have been sent to indo Chinese border!!!
Lallantap se ye umeed na thi.biased channel h ye bhi ab.
They are murdering farmers Shamr on godi media such a shame on our government
What binds india together is our multilateralism, our diversity , our shared love . Religion alone cannot be above humanity which Modi uses tactically to divide the Indians .
Big victory for farmers 
Option a
Bohot kam mare aur bhi marne chahiye the nakli farmers 
RIP for him 
Thus this law was necessary for the farmers to become independent.
Tyagi sahab only BJP aj mera desh save and safe hai kyonki desh ki bagdor majboot hath me hai baki SP congress chor party hai mera desh hai to hum hain ye sab chor desh ko bech denge
Mobocracy wins over democracy...
And I am watching this after the success of farmers protest and smiling at each little thing. This feeling is wonderful.
BBC British broadcast
Only Punjab&Haryana should be excluded from Farm bill and should be implemented across India. If others are benefitted from farm laws Punjab would join the law.
Pls tell few words about 2g scam
Such a inhumane act I'm really shocked after this case...
Andolan ke time pr hm exam dene se phele hm yhi rukte the or khana kha kr jate the..
Faltu waste news channel
The Sikhs need to leave there. Its that simple. Look what they do to Muslims never mind non Muslims, esp Sikhs who are reminders of a people who conquered them. Come to the U.K. we have nothing but love for Indians, particularly Sikhs  
1)first of all encourage farmer to provide subsidy
UP election ke baat modi be like aao bhai yeh tho majak tha.
Why Crony Capitalism? What if these capitalists are governed & binded by government policies. Afterall even mandis are private players governed by Government laws.
Withdraw the dark laws, and send them back to their homes!
If there is so much surplus of wheat and rice, why can't the government reduce the MSP of these during the yearly revision cycle? That will automatically motivate the farmers to switch to other produce right?
This is pure politics nothing to do with Kisaan
This is a pay for play bill president modi had to pass for his special interest, which will give full power of food to 2 corporations that will eventually turn into a food mafia and charge ludacris prices for food, the reason you dont see the biggest protest in world history being given air time on major tv networks is because the globalists that control it are aligned with the Indian corporations that are trying to take full control over food in India for the global goal of full control over food for the one world order to control people
Chai pe charch
Different institutions have to function to have different approach towards the sector 
Police are using lathis on farmer and u r saying 10 police officer are injured are u serious.  There is the video before this in which IAS officer is commanding to smash the head of farmer. Shame on you
Views of more mp be recorded
Happy teacher's Day!!                               
Good orator.
Very nice brother
MSP is the main mudda. Can you prepare a draft Bill on MSP and put up in Parliament.
Taliban are tray to make soft image bu this a trap
What is this bakvas
Another level of hypocrisy
It is a very wrong decision. It shows that the government is weak and lacks the willpower to go through reforms.80% farmers who were supportive of these laws have nowhere to go now.It shows how hooliganism has won.Its distressing. Nobody has won but Nation has lost a big opportunity.
All are supporting farmers Im from Bangalore I have to catch a train today to Mumbai at 8 30 pm. I have to reach Bangalore Cantonment station by this evening. Are trains operating today? I pray for the welfare of all farmers but please my request is civilians must not be affected
Please stop advertising fascists voices
Drunk , Mental patients,  etc...your guys are really funny
Rajya Sabha debated, discussed, clarified and passed the bills
Great way of entering into politics
Taliban will attack India and win Delhi.
Few people are brainwashing them
but my observation,
Welcome back sir  love from alipurduar west bengal
SIKHS TARGETED AS MINIORITIES BY  - POLICE SAYING LETS TEACH THEM A LESSON WE WILL NOT LET YOU FORGET 1984 - GENOCIDE TOWARDS SIKHS HAS STARTED AGAIN IF HINDUS HATE US SO MUCH THEN WE WANT OUR OWN STATE - 10000 SIKHS WERE KILLED IN 1984 BUT TODAY THE WORLD IS WATCHING YOUR GAMES WILL NOT WORK IN 2020-- SHAME ON DELHI POLICE - WHEN YOU TARGET FARMERS OUR SOILDERS WILL BE COMMING BACK FROM THE BORDERS AND YOU CAN FIGHT YOUR OWN BATTLES WITH BJP AND CONGRESS GOONS --
I'm on the farmers' side, greetings from China
These are not mi35 these are old used mi24 supplied by india
This shows the greatness of Ruling Party. Jai Hind
This is surely sponsored protest
6. A small farmer when can't go to local mandi how is he supposed to sell in other states?? How it is beneficial for farmers? 
This is about farmers not politics. 
Fascism is a form of far-right, authoritarian ultra nationalism marked by forcible suppression of opposition, dictatorial power, and strong regimentation of society and economy.
Frustrated communist.
Im farmer and Im happy with kishan bill , jay hind 
YouTubers: Dhruv Rathee, Akash Banerjee, Kumar Shyam
If read this news paper , it is completely congress spokesperson and always anti Hindu, see their coverage of Hindu festivals and Muslim/Christian festivals you will yourself know their intellectual bankruptancy.
If Kisaan does not want those kisaan bill for them why illiterate Modi dont understand it he should start making tea , leave it chai wale fuddu Modi
very nicely explained sir thank you sir.
Arrest this ajay mishra son, remov him from cabinet
oh my god he did not cry.i thought he will cry.
He will also be out in 2024.
Plz support, ban EVM machines in elections. It's in his control and decisions. if u don't open your eyes, this incidents happens every day in this country. This PM don't support good people and development. He killed our Andhra Pradesh. With his worst behaviour. RIP
See his reaction while telling lies...he is fumbling .
Sir i sell my wheat in mathura mandi on 04/10/2020 . Rate per qantal is 1575 rs. Only.. 
This place is hell for everyone, mostly women and farmers and labourers.
no statutory backing for msp
Original topic pe aaeye sir
NOW WHERE IS THE CORONAVIRUS? these farmers have been protesting on streets and roads and grounds Since October 2020!, any medical tests have been done before+after?
Sc: sangh court
I recommend watch this vedio 1.75x
7) Apmc acted as a mediator though it collected tax it ensured MSP and now with companies dealing with farmers directly think about any legal battles that could arise and farmers has to fight in the court just like the recent Pepsis Indian farmer lawsuit.
Hey trump you epic failed. I remember the news him claiming to wipe out the Taliban. Epic fail dude.
What I learn is that women in afghanistan are stronger then their army
Tit for tat
How foolish decision to take back this law if he had to do this he should have done previously.
The one who purposely killed the farmers must be hanged up to death.
Its a strategic withdrawal. Note the emphasis on small farmers. Some policies have been introduced.  1. Direct payment to farmers. 2. More Mandis 3. Sell to whom you want. 4. Cash transfer soon after delivery. It is the big middle men who were going to loose. Unfortunately FCI is still on the hook to buy all of Punjab and neighbouring states rice and wheat produce.
 is all Indian people's , new  please stop this violence and of game please
Farmers my FOOT , they are PAID AGENTS
Who is caring about fake farmers protest across india, just who want their political interest
can not trust modi . MSP?, Pro-Adani scheme of selling rural /village land under infrastructure program announced by Modi from Lal Qila ?
Sadly not much can be done people won't let farmers sell their food their selves because it's for upper casts to do and people believe farmers should live in bad conditions because karma says they deserve it so people overlook it.
Hindus should be united now.. Dash ki Nam khrab keyi en Andolan Jeeve no n opposition Parties..God will not forgive them
93% of farmers i.e. 50 crore farmers support the laws and have doubled their income, it's just 0.2% of those who were protesting backed by Congress party and TMC who were opposition parties.
Another mad leader.
That Yogiji will handle
Lap dog media news channel. A true travesty for India. 
@Turkey is now puppet of Putin
BJP(spit licker of RSS) is a cruel and dictatorial party in the world. Shameless people still speak in their favor. Wearing the spectacles of religion has come to rob the poor. I compare them with the Taliban.
Farm bills are not at all good for farmers ! On such a platform you should have better knowledge
Hate that flashing sounds,  of nonsense repetitive banners below the two windows 
If fools still vote for BJP, nothing will happen of this country
Shame on Indian police force instead of helping farmers they are trying to make them bow on their knees shame on you all indian army and police first I was feeling proud on my self that I am an Indian but now seeing this that Indian Army and Indian police is not helping farmers I am feeling shame on myself that I am an Indian really modi u r gone from sikh com
Yes right
Really great act
SDM IS RIGHT, GUNDO SE AISE HI NIPTA JAATA H
So called farmers we want MSP 
Police wale randi aur khattar ke bache h
Taliban brought peace. Finished corruption and made justice easy for everybody. We dont give a shit to Pakistan or any other corrupt country
Why Americans left from Afghanistan and they had leave his weapon's for tererist dog why , it means you are the frainds of Taliban tererist
are there any contradicting opinions to this?
Listen this protest poetry. All about today's condition of Indian farmers. His words tho
We support our kissan brothers ...
This newscaster is hating on her own people with her fancy English education. Who cares about the fake pandemic or being peaceful under baton charge ? This is life or death for the common farmer. Plus newscasters are supposed to be pretty!
Sir economics 12 plese finish that make some time plz
Police is for citizen protection? Really?
Legend knows opposition is fooling people and the laws were really good to benefit farmersNarendra Modiji is the best PM  a country can ever have as he keep nation first
Corporates happy now.
Delhi police tried best to bring down the flag hoidted by Farmers but Failed miserably 
Koi "Diye ka satya" nahi tha bro. You were mislead by the global tyrants in the name of science. Since you were not educated enough you thought what some people told as science is science. It was an agenda to bring food scarcity and proliferate the use of pesticides, herbicides etc which would eventually turn the farms lands and farmers dependent on some vested interests, needless to say who they are - not the usual Indians as were blamed, they were just vultures waiting to swoop down, instead some hidden global giants who control 97% of the world and its policies anywhere were the real push behind this (and many such "science" to unfold!!!). Beware of "science" when its pushed by teeth and nail.
        youtube      ,           |  subscribers    |           |
State Governments
Ye kisan ke sath nhi h ye election k reaction h  up Ur Punjab me hone wale election h
*operation shudhee karan, systematic rape of sikh women 
Budda bakwas bolta hai what did he do all these years of his life blackmailer
The best journalism corrupt judges must Godse gang must abuse to see the view
Totally BOGUS NEWS.
MSP & compensation for 700 farmers 1 crore for each,
who is this ???
Excellent coverage...thanks for showing the true side of ptotest
TEJASVI YADAV KE JAISA   HAROGE PACHTAOGE.
"Tomorrow is mystery"
From the time Modi was serving as CM of Gujarat, riots have been occuring very frequently under his leadership... Whenever and wherever Modi is, there will be riots....
Ajoy Mishra help his son for this incident. So both are same guilty. So Deshbasi want fansi both of them no any other word.
A group of people ( bhosdkwale people ) who are actually slave and beaten by   masters  since last 190 Y . 
best explanation
besharm media abp news
Jai shree ram
If this happens and at the same time Sikhs continue to sell their land to send their off springs to foreign countries, Punjab will no longer be the same Punjab. Moreover, water diversion to other states will make Punjab barren. 
Some time ago  an IAS slapped a boy and hurled his mobile onto the road, yet another time,  an Officer barges into some wedding function and ... 
pollution dichotomy where fresh raw material (own purchase) and touch (own
They are terrorist
The BJP is working to sell, lease, auction and handover public infrastructure to private and corporate supply chain. Like sarkari schools, the dark laws will destroy farming as it has done to education, healthcare and employment dedicated to the poor !
Beware of BJP Propaganda.     
Say it Brooker gone home
Thats what these hooligans deserve
Comrades Bhagat Singh LAL SALAM
This is real india
He is shamelessly defending brutal use of force !!! Democracy be damned. This man is a 2017 batch officer. This inhuman, insensitive man may work for 35 years more. God save this country from such feudal lords.
They called us ( farmers ) KHALISTANI that united entire India , without any caste creed or sex 
Jhooth bolata hai channel
Real farmers are working on fields
Very good thanks to the farmers
Can't imagine this kind of ruthless Government 
These farmers are going to wake up to a harsh reality. Contracting farming is happening all over the world.
This is a conspiracy by Pakistan.. ISI is infiltrating Delhi as farmers...Undress them and check each farmer,.
---Separated Eastern Pakistan from Pakistan to become Bangladesh in 1971;
But I agree with the question of why no debate was allowed. That's a fair question to ask the BJP government.
Most of the people think the farmers are only from Punjab and Haryanawhat about the 95% of the farmers from the rest of Indiasocialism has won not the democracy
I am comparing :-
What the hell ex-congress minister say current BJP minister
Jab sikh muglo se angrejo se larte they tbb kaun they. Jbb sikh apna haq mangte hai toah aattankwadi kehne lgte ho
Problem faced by farmers- 
I saw a sign for this posted on a random backwoods road in south NJ
Viry nice Taliban  
The ultimate question is why don't these protestors and their followers won't watch these knowledge full sessions and get their facts right?
It is waste of oxygen
Dont show such protest if you are genuine news reports
India's tax collection ~ 19 lakh crore
My waheguru bless you sis with lots of happiness 
Leader of opposition is not effective speaker, he was speaking random things, not being crisp,
All are not farmers yarr How can farmers do protest with sowrds and politics mai ye police ki kya galti h vo to bus un gande logo k orders follow kar rhi h
Why government was on back foot and avoiding discussion? There must have been something wrong.
We can understand indias pain.
Sir apse kattai sahmat nhi,,how can u say that all farmers were against of it....
Abe chutiye you people without knowing anything just simply coming on YouTube if any new law come into existence just like CAA and NRC.. now time has come to kick your Ass along with others
If only farmers understood the overall benefit
9) Where is the money for  3 month long protests coming from? One neta recently went to Italy recently on a "private visit". Maybe MPs are not checked for the amount of cash they bring back?
I'm not surprised this happened in UP.
We heard from so many of you in the comments asking for this explainer, we want to let you know we heard you loud and clear. Thanks for watching, and let us know what other global events you want to see explained next in the comments or at voxvideo@vox.com
Even SLEEPY JOE BIDEN administration supports the Indian Farm bills.  Google it.
All  over the world the peaceful protests are taken over by some activists who wants to make a point by what ever means. In this case by misguided Khalistanis who gave bad name to otherwise peaceful Sikhs.
I don't understand are punjab and haryana people uneducated to know what is in the bill? Why they have to hire terrorist leaders and politicians for what they need? No wonder when you see the crowd they are all andolanjeevis who have no brains and are used as puppets to fill the ground. Punjab and haryana will always be left as poor state due to terrorist,  druggie, murderers and corrupt politicians. Even Bihar has more educated people then them.
Actually the India Hindos just use the Sikh peoples that's why I was love pakistan I am punjabi from India in the new world India has basic division for Sikh temple
Farmers should sell their grains to the public directly either physically or even online....only if they get their rate which should be twice the MSP.. All problem will be solved
Farmers who lost their lives what you can do for their families now.  
Low inflation......
Respected Sir, In-depth analysis
Modi won the election with massive majority but totally failed to fulfill the promise then fails to contribute and befit the country by his wisdom which clearly means he is not capable make good decisions but good actor He benefited BJP his party by way of demonetization made other parties very weak  now BJP is the richest party of the political world We should not trust this dangerous man can harm the nation by dividing India  He hates Muslims and Sikhs but Sikhs are blind not understanding the reality of this man He appreciate Godsey the killer of Gandhi and claiming Congress mukt Bharat  Beware this time if you slip this now will hard to survive
What  is going on in our country??? now govt will try to divert against pakistan and China
gracias por la clase Harshit Sir.
You have no right to target the food producer
In India more than 15 CR job lost
Modi announced today this for only election trend. After modi win next time he will tie tripple rope in farmers neck. 
What about Tikaits property?.... Is he really a very poor farmer agitating for other poor farmers of specific region?
SUPREME COURTS JUSTICE DEPARTMENT A FAILURE IN INDIA  MODHI JI CANNOT ALONE FIGHT BAIL BAIL NO Punishment No PUNISHMENT SUPREME COURT JUDGES AFAIL JUDGES
People killing themselves over lost crops,or lack of money..when other people are fighting to save their own lives .
 ....... on the other hand, this would  naturally welcome private traders / middlemen with their wealth,  resources, education,  tech now how, logistics etc and would be buying produce across states, global at odd times with lowest price given to the Indian farmers, thereby these private traders/middlemen  will become hoarders and this evil would be disastrous for the Indian farmers and the country;  
*China says that historically everything was its own*
In love with the anchor  she's bae
What a tragic life feel pity for them.Thank God i was born in the Christian country.
Well explained. This is a corporate sell out.
The interview itself is so guided and no opposite side argument taken into account..moreover if they were really concerned then y dint the discuss in parliament rather than walking out from parliament
Very important detail skipped by anchor. Ajay Mishra is himself murder accused. He got bail one day before being made Minister of State for Law by Modi. Ajay Mishra has more charges against him. I appreciate ndtv for their reporting and focus on ppl's issues when many other channels have got sold out, but why skip such important detail? 
The last argument against the MSP is that there will be no buyers at that price. Food is a basic necessity for which there will always be buyers. The ultimate sale price can easily adjust to the purchase price of an item. 
@DK Singh dont u think it is very difficult for any leader to do reforms.
they aren't farmers they are middle men at important positions in big unions they are the scum of the poor farmer in no other country would you see the left stand with crony middlemen to protest market reforms that are aimed at benefitting the small workers and farmers.
For congress and other parties its celebration topic and using.as.much as possible to use farmers for politics
Can't they can challenge this decision them in Supreme Court?
Is this lady a recovering alcoholic? Italian?
Rakesh tikayat  and congress party , Prashant kisore making this programme  2024 election s stunts in up
anti nationals and oppositions are miss leading farmers
Even I have kind request of u please let talk to Govt. Right now because country is struck by covid and 3rd wave will be more dangerous so please stay at home.  Our health system is also struggling. 
Good job by Haryana government and police. Shame on Delhi police for being coward.
thank you world good news realty give
So whats the protest about?
Hw can i cntct u
I watched  your channel only for entertainment
Gov. Ki smpathi bhi na beche
Are murkhon,pade likhon ki yehi pareshani ek gol dhikaye usiki ki ghol ghol ghumthe uske agar dikthe. Farm bill ka answer tho amazon ke jeff basos ke paas hai. Kaise ? Dimag ladao abhijeet i really feel sorry get out of your ivory tower go out in the field and see for your self. Clue see the hindi media
Simple And Good Explaination.
The politians are just trying to take advantage of this situation
That he could not see the need of MSP makes me really question his ethics.
This a really a backward move. Simply political move. I did not expect this from Modiji & BJP. 
Wow congress leader of punjab have provoked the farmers my question is why congress never took any steps on msp during their term? What will be the answer by the punjab congress government? 
Great job Police Force.
We are proud of Modiji and we are very sad that some people could not understand Modiji.
Good mediator...keep up the good journalism
Aaj hum sab jeet gye. You all will be remebered with love, respect and honor
Congress is a white collar terrorist in India.
very serious issue discussed
Mr.Abijith Iyer,people should be in power to do good also,isn't?BJP wants to  be in power for the sake of country only,isn't?As a journalist, don't you know  what will happen if BJP is  not in power?Remember  people should be in power to do good also.Grow up.
Ban the nihang committee and  give consideration like terrorist
Mainstream media is so misguided and biased. The protesters are so United and non-violent. They know what they are talking about and what they are fighting for.
Very shameful
It's other way round.
*Do you know Greta Thunberg has give Toolkit to spread this negative rumors about farms bill. She got paid for that... You didn't know that... oh you even don't know the 3 laws either Go research 1st it's was a law to increase farmers income  by remove the brokers.*
All small farmers are happy with the law !!
. Now after decoration from Modiji this jahil tikket group must leave else our court should intervene and kick these jsjils out from our delhi border..
What has happened is bad for farmers with the changing weather patterns. Farming sector is going to bleed through their noses. Any ways we are importing all the pulses from Canada and cooking oil from Malaysia and Indonesia. If government opens up Australian imports of dairy and meat . Indian farmers will understand the importance of these 3 laws
Give us today our daily bread, 
Question for bhkts - now protesters are khalistani  or kishan
Ticket chor and tickait chor me Sirf spelling ka fark hai
@1:12 is that Mia Khalifa
Please remember 600 farmers has lost their life .. please keep that in mind vote wisely..
Jaroorat se jyada democracy & freedom ne Indian public ko indiscipline bana diya hai
MSP is a "racket" to enrich farmers esp. large ones in Punjab, Haryana and western Uttar Pradesh because >60% of MSP goes to support grains like rice and wheat, the main products of the those 3 states. That's why they are the only ones protesting. Most of the poor farmers of Bihar and other regions of India, who really need help, don't even know what MSP is because they have not been able to take advantage of it (there are structural reasons for it). And that's why you don't see them protesting against the bills. Reform in Indian ag sector is needed because the policy has failed to elevate ag sector in a long time. Having said that I am surprised that Modi-Shah failed to read politics of subsidy esp. in agriculture. May be they have become too over-confident having successfully rammed through Article 370 and CAA legislations.
Win of Democracy. Farmers tell us the power of Right to Protest. Dhikkaar hai un logo ko jo abhi bhi kisano ko anti national bol rahe hai. Agar farm bills ache hote to farmers protest nhi karte. 
Great victory for farmers
This is the man who said, "Market economy is the only way". So, it's no secret he is a slave of corporations, not to mention he is a close ally of Modi who we know is a biggest slave of corporations!
The threat of farmers are true.
Plz sir stop #privatization  in agriculture in your #Gujarat
It is very unfortunate that Master Tara Singh shepherd Sikhs into the slavery of brahmins and denied the opportunity of an independent state. The Sikhs have never been recognized by the Indian Government as a separate religious entity. In the Indian constitution, as well as in subsequent legislation, notably the Hindu Marriage Act of 1955, Sikhs have been treated as a Hindu sect. 
These are Terrorists in the face of Farmers. 
All planned  BJP Think tank  Hired few people to do this unacceptable act at Lal Qila. It will divert nations attention from ARNAB WhatsApp chat , fail the Kissan Andolen & defame one particular community.
You are Wright sir....
Stop pretending to speak western accent and jst speak in normal english
If in 1947 People Have TV So we Never Get Freedom Bcoz British Can Buy India Media , Then Media Tell India People What are Benifits of British Rule
20000 is a lot of suicide. who will now take care of their family.
This decision is taken by keeping in mind upcoming elections in Punjab and UP
Such discrepancy must be stopped immediately
hr topic pr hgta hai, detail mae ye bta ki farm laws hai kya kisan ye cha rhe hain kisan vo chah rhe hain ismae mt uljha ajadi ke baad ke halat aur ab ke halat same thodi hai APMC mae ye hota hai vo hota hai bkws kr rha hai   Jyda MSP MSP chila rhe hou WTO ka AOA (agreement on agriculture) ke brae souna hai kbhi uske hisab se MSP is a trade distorting measure and can lead to  impostion of sanctions and only developing nations have some relaxations which India already exceeds. Hn govt. chahti hai ki mandi system khtm hou pr raato raat ni ek smooth transition hou. Mandi mae samaj seva ni chl rhi adti system hai 2 rupee snkda (what we call it in haryana) ke hisab se paisa byaaj pr diya jata hai kisano ko agr koi loot rha hai tou ye adti. Farm laws aaj ke need hai. Modi ka ya kisi bhi party ka samrthk nhi houn pr Dhruv ji aapke sur ndtv se kaafi milte hain godi media media chilane vlae kbhi khud tou ni bikae huae
lets all agree on one thing, at the end its all power game, to win it one needs Money. Whether you accept or not, there is Religious politics going on at Global level many are pushing this Agenda. Only three religions are there. Max Hindu lives here in india, Already Indonesia and Srilanka, Nepal and Bangladesh, Afghanistan almost converted and occupied, except india nothing is left. Hope you agree on this. Second thing, whoes Money is more powerful? indian Rs or Dollars ? who are rich? Third thing , who can be easily divided, Both Xtian and Xlims are strong , they have Global provisions but Hindus are easy target with many divisions and can be easily easily targetted. Phase 1 is completed to introduce divisions among people etc..for you knowledge lot of Funds are sent for these activities through NGOs. How they want to occupy? first stop development, second increasse poverty, thrid create fear through bombs, Drugs and other things, fourth Illegal Migrants who work for them, goonda giri, Killings etc....what this results in? people like you and me Flew away, no one will be left owning this Land easy to dominate and say this is our land . Over time rest will also flew away.   Now Khongress lead by outsiders they dont have anything to take or give with india, they tied up hands with all those who are in for it, looted amount fromIndia through Many Fake NGOs and companies created on Kahul Baba and allowed whatever they asked for and didnt even care for developing india.once they get funding dont you think getting an Activist to post for an amount is easy? they can even get anyone to make their stand Stronger. party or anyone for that matter who take stand with hindus dont have any Agenda , they dont have any Global funding, watever they do its just to stop these Tsunami so that we stay within our control and we have our own rights. In todays world very very difficult to get a person who dont get sold for all these things. its Easy job. If you see BJP dont and cant involve in such Corporate Butchering other than depending on Ambani and Adani. they cant ask funding as well. Missionaries and Xlims are getting Huge funding from Halal and Missionary funds. Hindus have no Fund to Fight, All temple funds are being routed to governaments. Just understand the Game they are playing and make yourself educated on whatshappening with and around you. Dont be a Fool. Jai Hind !
You disagree with BJP you become a Deshdrohi!!
after watching your coverage of Kissan Andolan and Specifically the coverage of the catch of Heroine at  Adani' Port.
This " AANDOLAN " is ( was ) of " BICHOLIYE " & not of " KISAN ".  " BICHOLIYE " r satisfied, they got what they wanted. And that's why now they do not want to continue this " AANDOLAN ".
Aap Ka owner BJP Ka nominated member he
What about TAPI pipeline
It is important that the South of Vindhyas is informed about the details of the Farm Bills and how they are going to harm the farmers' interests. While the country is vast, it is necessary that the sizeable Southern part is not left uninformed. There seems to be little awareness in the States  of AP, Karnataka and Tamilnadu or even in Kerala. In Telangana, CM KCR is repeatedly announcing that his Government wont implement the new Farm Bills as they go to harm the interests of farmers. Excepting this, there is little commotion in Southern States. Generating opinion in Southern States will be an important element for the success of farmers. Country shall speak with one voice. Or else there will be doubts about the reasons and motives of the movement.
To hell with you and your dirty diplomatic poltics
This is a great example of duty with full honesty
They are not farmers..they are slavers of Congress family..
Now they are kisaan and andolankari , earlier they were andolanjivi  and khalistaan wale  .
Wahe guru be with you all !
Aaj Tak Godi Modia ki one of the Biggest shameless and useless channels. Their Anchors are absulately fully promoting Godi Modia's and Government agenda. Gandhi naali ka Keeda channel 
speculative arguments regarding 26th jan
We have to start voting with ballet paper
BJP should change it's name to SDP - Sedition Janata Party
How scared the congress workers are, cant even stand up to their leaders and correct them! That shows why such suckers are they. The ask for justice is correct but dont be deaf
Bhai you need to improve your communication skills to become a success YouTuber.
Fed up of these farmers.
I standwithfarmers. Very dirty trick by BJP.
But still the idiot politicians are not revoking this bill
I am looking for a day when farming should be incorporated style and farmer should be assured with the best price and free of stress
Shame on Republic. Shameless reporting.  Show full video of Suv crushing farmers to death first...
Are Farmers only found in one state Harayana
Loved it
This Arfa is interested to provoke them?! The agitation gone in hands of anti national gangs. Now opposition is interested to utilize them. The polarised political  media must show same interest in responding to the farmers committing suicide all over India with these old and out dated farm laws?! Ex. IAF
Good action by government Panjab jaihind
Baki sab thik hai hamare road open karao ab car k shockers b toot chale hain
Why indian farmers are carrying Canadian flag????
they dont want the helicopter to fly rather to leearn about it ...
This poorr farmer drinks cofee in 5 star hotel only
We need humanity
*Police should stand down. Let the PUBLIC face the Farmer protesters, leaders & politicians who are protesting, disrupting traffic, creating ruckus... violence etc.Let PUBLIC feel the brunt, they will then take action against these fools and support the police*
Sir Meri Apse Request hai Ap Bachho ko padte hai 
What would be the affect on State Government's revenue?
Then, those who played all those games and use the death too for political sympathy, and if a media constantly  makes fake narratives ...
apna mp se wheat RJ me bechne kisan jayga usse jada to transport charg lg jayga
I have subscrib Sadhana anchadamy also
Honestly time to stand together for the United India. BJP destroying Indian future.Sad but true BJP must stop Hindu vote politics and concentrate on Indian farmers problems and economic crisis.Im very disappointed with PM Modiji he is totally changed and not listening peoples problems.He is still acting like third class cheap politician he forgot the value of Indian PM 
Any human knowledge technology medical never know when you're going to be die and they can't save you & themselves! 
Karib 18lac from bhare gaye the or aek from bharne ka application fees 112rupya tha sochiye kitna bada scam kar liya Gaya Student ke sath government ke dwara.
Feels like farmers are not yet ready to make farming like an industry. If I get good price elsewhere why I may not like to sell there? Well it is related to quality of product. If quality is bit bad, I can sell in mandi, MSP is already there as was before, if good I may sell elsewhere in high price. Protest is highly motivated by politics and middlemen.
..guys don't loose hope on our strong pm...keep in mind till bjp is in power no 1 can destroy hinduthva and no 1 can take our NE states from us
Today defeated  .PM
Your channel is the anti national..
demolish it .
INDIAN PUBLIC WITH MODI to hell with farmer protest , its a curruption & anti national leaders(?), PUBLIC kets teach them lessons.
Beard is now getting shorter
#westandwithfarmers
We need new Godse to kill Indian Hitler
Owaisi Sahab the great speech sir
Mody  is smiling, BJP will do more such  things to please the masters
Watch what written on their Flags they are not Indian farmer's
From first day we have seen that the Issue is totally different and the agenda was hacked by so called leftist and groups from abroad to destroy our country.. The people have given a negative impact rather to all country people of India. Is maha pharjee chanel ke to kehne hi kya! Why you are not able to get the people behind this activity if you think you  know what is correct or not. Sikh Brothers ke prati mera samman kam hi hua hai isse. SIkhs were from Hindu religion only and take sikhism to protect the country. But i think they forget Gurunanak Ji's ideology completely. Shame Shame Bro!
UPSC CSE GS (Iconic) + UPSC CSE Optional (Plus)
This fight will be fought till the last kisaan alive in India.
Only Sikh are protesting when test of Indian farmers are engaged in farming.
The reason is we not produce a oil seeds
Whose behind Pulwama attack?
Now it's make sense why largely farmers from Punjub and Haryana re protesting, I dont why I am Cursing govt till now
Bro I feel common people will suffer more instead farmers. And small scale vegetable saler will have no business because of large businesses man.
Ab please ancient history start kijiye
Thanks a tonne!!
It is funny how some dumbo's believe that the govt is introducing this hastily to help farmers. Reliance, Walmart, Amazon will do contract farming and are going to give better prices and freedom to farmers?   From a local small thief against whom a small farmer could have a bargain, farming is going to shift to crony national/international thieves of BJP.
Shameful act by farmers
You should have cracked down on them like how communists do. Learn from China and grow a spine you snails.
Up election k liye khela huee chaal hai
Please arouse your conscience and stop biased reporting in favour of Corporate and Arrogant Bjp govt. The hard working, honest common man is sleeping on roads in cold. Please stand with the farmers 
Ik chotte se dibbe mein suicide ki news aati hai very well said. Still farmers apna kaam krte the but agrr aaj protest krr rhe hai to kuj ton baat hogi... aur modi ji ko 5th ki book se democracy ki definition smjao bcz unhe democracy or dictatorship mein frkk hi nhi pta...jinke  lie law bnae hai unhe hi nhi chahihe ton sarkar thopkyon rhi  hai... biggest democratic country
Wonder what Delhi people eat while sitting around the dinning tables while watching the food growers being shown as foreign intruders and suicide bombers....
Sir your report is fect
Allah blesses the brave.
Support Indian farmers.
Respect to the real farmers but Vice showing half hearted video is just not right. Loved the way you reported on ISIS and China but you havent shown the full story here #DisappintedWithVice
Any damage or destruction will make organizers responsible.
You are an excellent teacher, m'am. May God bless you and may this country have more teachers like you. Hope my kid gets teachers like you during his school and college. Well done.
Is it india China border?
I am in support of Famer bill....
they are not fucking showing the truth 
I remember only 26 January Red Fort.
Lion of punjab
Running brave Rajput singh 
IMPLEMENT IN REST OF THE COUNTRY AND THEY CAN JOIN LATER.
this sandeep is the biggest looser and no one to be given importance. He is Joke in India, even the people who r supporting the protest dont take him seriously.....
We with farmars
They should empty  the roads now they got what they wanted
MINISTER OF STATE MUST FOLLOW  OATH  HE HAS TAKEN & MUST STEP DOWEN OR  OTHER  WISE   B.J. P    WILL BE A CORRUPTED    PARTY , IT WILL SPOILE   NAME & FAME OF P.M . MODI.
Wonderful!! worth watching
Nice class sir jee thank you so much sir jee
Shame on India Government
I hope people are aware of this funds.
I need this bill
I am thinking of same as solution to current situation 
Our constitution tells us that we are democratic and secular country .
Bull shit....this guy is talking utter non sense. These are not farmers but the paid people and anti nationals who are doing this stupid act by getting money and sponsors from China and other terrorist nations. I am also from a farmer's family and I am very happy with these farm laws. Great thanks to the current BJP government who are helping farmers with these laws.
Everyone Indian democracy is dead better start running to any country of your choice Jai hind
Support Farmers                
Unmistakable plagiarism of Vox's documentary and video making style
Or some who is educated but opposing the farmers is ill minded 
Is this situation the direct results of Germany boycott of Russia, please remind us why Germany is boycotting Russia. Thank you
We know most of the people's are corrupted in politician.
True questions shud be asked to the government always but  sirf sawal poochna hi kaam nhi he bro.
This thikat  foreign funding to be proved as well his personal assests
Khub clear but sadharon manusher opor chap bridhi pabe r farera r o barolok hobe..
Hence Proved "         ".
Best be alone than in a bad company
Indian government is democratic so it doesn't fire on people, as like your government did in Tiananmen square 
But remember it didn't happen First time in parliament. Actually you can say it is routine work 
what about the farmers killed by the law , this type of governess will kill the contoury
If those laws were beneficial, so , why did u announce to repeal them?
Get your facts correct.
Correct
Why police start rude behave first punjab kisans are not the spoons of gandhj ji they are the sons of guru gobind singh ji they know how to create the path
Ab tum wo nahi rahe jo tum the..
plz cover them
True farmers are at their homes... These are funded fake farmers.. Trying to cause trouble in India...
India's separation of state and church is clearly non existent, as Hindu extremist run the country
Thank you for your honesty sir
It's not shaking anyone. Don't spread fake news
Rld sp gathbandhan
Where is fool?....Evm machine can support.
Bc  ye house arrest kb khtm hoga
They should storm our parliament.
Now when Sikhs as you say are disrespecting the indian flag, I find no offence  when you feel that they shouldn't have did it, why the hell didn't the indian government take efforts to look into their demands??????? 
This is worse than anything I have ever imagined.
Bhai mere ...communism ke proponent ho ...clearly bata to do followers ko....aadhi baat mat faila bhai...wo bhi example bata jahan monopoly nhi hai private players aane se...air travel,milk sector...countless hai....saale chutiye
Can't agree with this move as the law is beneficial to the farmers. It is time for real protest. 
Protest Main shahid
Reasons  seem logically  correct...& valid.....
Police given permits to this Rally, then why police attacked the farmers, it is shame.
With You From GUJARAT....no more this TANASHAHI GOVT. ...will see u in 2022 GUJARAT Elections We are WELCOMING AAM ADMI party.
Punjab has one of the most fertile lands in the entire world . It's not only ambani or adani but European  big agribusiness companies BASF YARA BAYER  that's why world's largest protest don't get much of international media coverage
Khalistanio koo naukri bhi da dhi this can only be happen in india  
I guess President is still taking about this
Commission agents and power bearers in APMC mandis protesting under the guise of farmer protests.
By withdrawing the farm law Mr. Modi proved that, those who were calling farmers terrorist are the real terrorist.
Congress gave freedom to the country and established democracy.  But from 2014 till today, every moment is ruled by dictatorship.
He is getting money from anti social and national elements
congress and frme aukat mai raho warne tumhe logo lashe beccha di ghai samje
Thanks for being with us in delhi we love you guys aap logo se bohot kuch seekhne ko mila thanks you sooo much 
0:00 Introduction
Shame of you modi farmer's are protesting from a long period dont u feel shame
Proud of u girls
4 farmers dead  8 BJP leaders are Dead
Leftist: jaise farmer bill hata waise hi caa bhi hat jayega...
A answer
The government is trying to do better but people just don't want change for good. If this bill hurts u than protest.
Haur 4 din hogatho jutha lekar marthe kishan logh
Epitome of fekuness
This is why these Nations are funding all Anti National elements like Dacoit, Congress Party and Communists to make sure India remains backward - Indian farmers will keep on committing suicide and Indian Cities will keep on getting Polluted.
The PAFC is following a tripartite agreement between the farmer, the PAFC and the companies providing seeds,extension services and buy back guarantees to the farmers. 
This is surrender by government. Farmers won!
Dear all ,  aren't  v r concerned about well-being of our beloved  Piyush Goyal ji and Narendra   ji ....! Why this bloody  camera hungry   creature  shamelessly  flaunting his  super idiot act that killed so many....
Wow ndtv so muted when he took name of akhileh das 
Nicely explained
Bjp rss go back
Worst prime minister in the history of India.
BJP news..
News channels are insulting farmers. Why you says farmers to Gundas.
Opposition is all about protesting. Ye hu kr rahe h chutmtiye
Prime minister has to sit with gurnam face to face. Without that farmers will not go back. Parliament sessions behind scene will not work.
Such a great video. Great work.
Please realize the life every human born in this world for live peacefuly.......
Sentimentalism.... is progressive left? 
Tikat has been given free hand to spoil country,s environment
Don't go thinking about private profit and all.
BC people are roaming freely wearing terrorist Bhindranwale T-shirt, and how is this not considered problematic.
After taliban takeover of Afghanistan india has suddenly starting take care of muslims....   
TUMRI SAKAL KAAHE BADAL GAYE
Cut someones wrist, then say sorry, is that humility??
Bloody paid trolls with leftist, khangress support. Try this anywhere else and you will see the result. Its time govt acts against these anti nationals.
please attach the pdf of it if possible.....
They are not farmers they attacked our red fort..
90% Youngster From Farmers Family, its our duty to spport  and Fight for farmers future......
Old news
  government                         free me        no        
india is next lunch of talban...
course, the ultimate result will be inflation and destruction of small traders
These r our countrys real farmer .. 
INDIA need ALCATRAZ TYPE OF PRISON FOR ALL THIS LUTHIANS. This people must be sacrificed for bettering INDIA. I   only INDIA 
I was just watching modi's face at the beginning of vdo
Hand up your well explained
Jhooth midia
MODI IS JUST A NON SENSE. HE DONT HV BRAIN TO THINK OVER AT LEAST FOR THOSE WHOSE FAMILY MEMBERS HV DIED IN THE PROTEST. HE DOESN'T MENTION THEM IN THE SPEECH.
#standwithfarmers #wearewithfarmers #farmertalk
and share your views with them . Let us hope u may be able to convince them and the matter gets resolved
Democracy proterter paterkar Sandeep choudhary 
#standwithfarmers #farmersprotest
     information                         ? (          )  APMC  MSP        MSP    ?       ,                                    hoarding                 information                
What kind of human being are those who lathicharge farmers. May GOD bring them to justice.
700 farmers died shame on modi
Victory of unity 
We are with our  farmers
I support you my beloved farmers. Don't afraid. Congress party come soon on centre. Everything favour to you.
So called media has to push their Western garbage turn women to be working force, girl-friends, marketing & entertainment, consumers of Bars, Clubs, contraception & depression drugs mafia. Rather than women stay home take care family are most powerful & productive, honor of our families or social system, need them as someone daughter, sister, wife, mother or grand-mother.
PLEASE DONT LET THE COUNTRY DOWN BY YOUR HALF BAKED KNOWLEDGE, BCOS THIS HAS TO DO WITH NATIONAL SECURITY, VIEWERS  PLESE WATCH CHANNELS OPEN VOICE NEWS  , WHERE EX RAW OFFICER , WHO HAS EXTENSIVE KNOWLEDGE ABOUT EVERY ISSUE OF INDIA, HAS ELOBORATELY SPOKEN ABOUT THE REASON BEHIND SUCH MOVE & ALSO WATCH  CHANNEL OCN BOTH GENUINE RASHTRAWADI N RASHTRA HITH CHANNELS FOR GENUINE INFORMATION , NEVER DEGRADE THE INTEGRITY N INTENTIONS OF A HONEST , SELFLESS PM WHO WITH HIS  MOST PATRIOTIC FERVOUR  IS ALL SET TO DEMOLISH ALL THE DESHDROHIS IN ONE STROKE, PL STAND BY HIM , JAI HIND, HAMHARA BHARAT MAHAN UNDER MODIJI'S LEADERSHIP, VANDE MATHARAM 
20:31 according to this clown at the moment of impact the windshield is broken but he fails to see a black turban sitting infront on the hood of the thar... pause the video at 20:34 then you can see the turban and you can understand the windshield broke with someone being run over and smashing onto the windshield
All about elections
Modi bowing to Farmers protest against Law  which was claimed to be very help ful to  farmers.  Good precedent to Modi haters lobby and  to celebrate .Heavy Insult to genuine farmers who were appreciating the law.
Modi is responsible for these incidents.
For winning an absolute majority in UP, no time can be more important than *NOW !*
Parliament is for discussion ... Not just passing law with number.
Govt and police r only responsible
When the Constitution has given the right to the States to make the laws on Agriculture Produce any laws made by the CENTRE have no legal status so where is the question of repealing these BILLS. THE STATE GOVERNNENTS CANNOT IMPLEMENT THESE LAWS & THE HON'BLE PRESIDENT SHOULD REALISE THAT HE HAS BEEN HOODWINKED INTO SIGNING THESE BILLS AND SHOW SOME RESPONSIBILTY & CALL FOR A JOINT SESSION OF PARLIAMENT AND QUESTION THE GOVERNMENT 'S UNCONSTITURIONAL WAY OF FUNCTIONING  WHICH IS MOVING TOWARDS DESTRUCTION OF DEMOCRACY.
Postmortem report no needed to clearified, whether the bullet was shot or not. In the spot A simple man like me can identify it. Don't waste time.
So the govt thought up this trick to fix the problem by leaving it to the market and get the support of the private players as a bonus.
America Ko Bharat jeisi Countries main Congress jeisi political parties Ki established krke unki Mutabit Loktantra kaam krane main successful hain.Bharat main savhi profit companies America Ka hain.
The cops are showing amazing restraint. In USA, if you charge a cop like this, you are shot dead.
We r loosing the 4th Gen WarFare! 
Yes he is right because it takes time to think  that how can we make happy our ambani and adani
You can be anty BJP but don't be anty farmer
JEALOUSMENT LEVEL AT PEAK.
Thank Allah it was an underwear day, upskirting Afghan men makes for terrible newsreel.
U r lier .....ur shameless...don't you see for how long they are protesting... ever y single farmers n other intellectual are fool accept ur government n ur party...u made this a matter of pride ..that's it . others wise u shd hv taken back this law
They should visit Kashmir also where Kashmiri pandits were shot death.
I love my country  but I hate the government & society.
The drama Queen Malala becomes a Nobel Peace Prize winner for the written work done by others attributed to her she could not even write  in English at that time. She was acting to be shot accusing the Taliban with no traces or solid evidences other than lie so much that you start believing in it yourself. 
Very clear..
Don't never ever underestimate a sikh . Sikh hi h jo aane wale future mein puri duniya ko bachaenge .
Our priminister is World Feku No 1 award winner  big thief
Ye sab Congress AAP aur RJD ka andolan he ....
Tikait has planned to incite Violence to such an extent that The Police will resort to Shoot at The Protesters and tikait can fulfill his political aspirations on their dead bodies
Congress asks questions always during
5. Tay Son revolts 1769.
The phrase reptilian brain derives from the fact that a reptile's brain is dominated by the brainstem and cerebellum, which control "instinctual thinking and behaviour for survival". ... This brain was identified and developed through MacLean's triune brain theory. (FIGHT or FLIGHT) animalistic survival consciousness: ONLY BINARY CHOICES, DIGITAL DECISIONS without subjective conscience .
It's really important to understand that current farm regime in India is highly unsustainable, economically, environmentally etc.
These are few points of consideration for making a better nation with happy and creative citizens.
Today the Arabic Quran reading Fujjar who are reading these verses are preferring bodily and worldly life without considering the soul and Hereafter. They are denoted as worthless people since they forgot the Three-Time-Knowledge Adhikr as told in verse 25: 18. Among them, the hypocrites are greedier for worldly life than the weakling followers as told in verse 48: 6. Long-life wouldnt benefit the Fujjar since they have no soul but have only life as told in verses 10: 33 and 63: 4. Being deaf, dumb, and blind towards the Reminder Adhikr, they are not even considered as human beings as told in verse 8: 22. They are promised with disgrace in this world and severe punishment in the Hereafter as told in verses 2: 85 and 5: 33. See explanation 2: 6-7; 9: 53-55 and 67-68.
Their is no MSP, Jhootha channel....come & do debate....plz stop all your nonsense...BJP must be paying this channel to speak against farmers & people of India, Bcoz what you are trying to say is replacing small fishes with big sharks of corporate houses. Plz show some decency for your own country.
Govt wants to give the farmers land to their rich friends . ..Ambani nd so on ..
Simplified many people see farmers as a lower cast they believe karma has forced them to live in bad conditions it says their past life has made them live like this.
This shows victory of Khalistan over Mootstan
Shame on modi govt.. i dont support repealing decision as a tax payers whose money goes in kissan loan waiver during election for vote bank appeasement. If kissan want to remain in whatever poverty shit state , it is in now .. let them be.. why wasting my money in waiving their loan ?.. Modi govt. the coward for vote bank in upcoming elections did same appeasement politics insulted nation parliamentary democracy of majority  no more vote of my in the name of modi the zumle baaj.. 56 inches chestwala this is suppose to happen when illiterate run the nation ..coward lied on demonitisation, lied on chinese Ladhak encroachment..Godhi media still shamelessly defending now also ..
Why the govt doing this to them .
Rahul Gandhi is a loser....lost Amethi seat
Bycot Zee news 
no wonder we are a 3rd world country
When govt agencies scientifically determine the MSP , they consider all the factors of each acre will produce so much crop , crop quality will be average, and these are the diesel cost, fertilizer cost, seed cost etc etc 
Great  work
Rakesh.daket.chor
I stand with farmerprotest
Modi ji great pm in the world
If you are protesting on this bill than why it was in your party manifesto 2019?
Kisaan Ekta Zindabaad.... u guys are already sold out , u only show one side story.. police attacked brutally at peachful going protest...
If government is tolerance with Tikait...
Because of the rich farmers of Punjab the poor farmers of rest of India and also of Punjab will sufferextremely selfish of  Punjabi farmers
This was a revenge for excess force used by Police - Smoke Bombs, Plastic Bullets, Lathi Charges, Barricades ... 
Such a great explanation 
Basically I also feel personally that some other calculations apart from the election theories prompted this decision. Also as someone has pointed out in this comment sections., You need to have power to do good to people also.
Ye hota he thook kr chatna
True ... so well said....i support farm bills ... its just so sad they playing with farmers to gain political stand ... just so low
modi ji pllzz try to send those farmers  to their home who lost their lives just because of yoyr ego... their families are waiting to welcome them
It was hard to determine that what type of crop will be grown by farmers.
Based on your analasys,  these 3 laws are not beneficial to farmers,  you suggest few guidelines to make farmers laws. 
The power of election turned him into 'desh bhasi pyari'.
Here the new bill can increase the hold of private sector on farming which may leads the higher price of Agriculture Product in retail market and lower profit to Farmers.
10. Hitler, after he came to power could not manage to end any problems, but he certainly managed to destroy Germany
Well-done as usual WION in fueling the matter negatively.
Owaisi is definitely right
Sara khuch politics hai, aade se jada kisano ko to yeh bhi nhi pta hoga ki farm law h kya, bs bhed chaal main bethe hue h
Joint Kisan Morcha should keep the condition that tikait should be made p.m. of the country and Kisan leaders should be made ministers.
16. Hitler always used to say, I, me, I, me, I, me always
Respectfully, only normal citizens and businesses using road and rail suffer.
O my God....what is happening hww 
Are those killed all farmers or others also
Brahmins are believed to achieve a higher level of success than the average population.Brahmins possess work ethic, tenacity and discipline characteristics. Brahmins receive relatively higher education, higher representation in managerial and occupational occupations and higher household incomes and higher family / martial stability, as well as less criminal than others. Brahmins separate themselves from the rest ofsocietyas a group itself. They establish their own services, and maintain their owntraditionsandcustoms. By remaining in a reserve and in isolation, Brahmins preserve theirculture intact as long. Brahmins self-segregate to avoid integrating with other groups to protect their culture. Brahmins marry within themselves rejecting those from others as unsuitable for marriage or other close personal relationships which encourages group affiliation and bonding .Brahmins use it to stay ethnically homogeneous over a long time as distinct combeliey within society that have other practices and beliefs. Brahmins resist the complete integration, as it encourages group solidarity and ensures greater control over group resources. It thus help brahmins to survive as separate community over a long time, in society with other practices and beliefs.
Panjab ain't kashmir which you can easily suppress. We will f*ck you up.
U should have big debate over this.
Simple: you can't expect someone to travel on bus from kerela. Plus language and food barriers. And lack of support available from known people
Are supreme Court ne apne samgyan le liya hai islye dikha rahe hai
I wish them well. They need to protect themselves. I am sorry to hear that Modi is considered to be worse than Trump. Thankfully, we have removed him, but our country may never be the same. Climate change will exacerbate all of these issues in the coming years. I will pray for the farmers in Punjab and all across India!
e)  It is of utmost importance that uniform pricing policy will actually reflect the contribution of farmers to GDP which is deliberately lowered by manipulated pricing system prevailing in the country. 
They will finally go to prison because this protest is backed by China & Pakistan through their beloved politicians.  Who are in secret agreements with them.
Very Well Explained ..Sir..!
India or any other country did not have any stake in the formation process of such terrorist groups. Because India do not support state sponsored terrorism. 
In UP elections the opposition parties should use the farmer's protest to project that upper-class castes are against giving MSP to farmers as most traders are Baniyas and BJP is a political party of upper-caste Hindus only and all other castes should vote them out.
Pls encounter and kill all these broker mandi agents then let farmers live peacefully
Just shut up ! You have sold yourself. You need self evaluation.
Legalising MSP will make govt to buy 23 no of commodities without any adherence to quality and quantity.  This will require Rs 17 lakh crore with increase of 5 - 8% every year to account for inflation & increased production.  India has tax & non tax revenue of Rs 22 lakh crore. Govt has to take loan of 8 lakh crore to meet budget deficit.  Agriculture sector contributes just 14 - 15 % of GDP with much lower net exports and need a subsidy of US 90 billion dollars or Rs 6.5  lakh crore every year.
Why hasn't the minister been sacked and arrested yet??
4. Yadda is paid by Modi from gst, 50 crores to maratha votebank ( who never asked for it) for son's entry into election forcing  state welfare orgs to organize karnataka bandh to overall show bandhs have no meanings and to shadow delhi farmer protest. He also shut down powertv which exposed RTGS scam after the scam of buying judges 100 crore each.
Blame  amith shah for this, they should be trashed and put in Jail. these fake farmers dam, hell bent on destroying nation
 We stand with farmers protest 
Modi bhahk might be thinking these are Congress workers and not farmers...
Nice information
he said nothing wrong. canada always stand for right of peacefull protest. whats wrng he said. india react like he said stand with violence  dump media dump india int minister
Pappu tho pappu hi hai 
Only north Indian 6 ! What about vegetables which need the most? Reliance lobby with ashirvaad atta and acidic bananas.
So sad about innocent bjp workers sc must do proper enquiry
I think he lives in some parallel universe. Or people following him do.
Ye saab gunde hai kya police shame on  thuuu
True media sensation , keep up the great work , Scoopwhoop always comes correct with socio political issues ! The research and development done in all your videos is commendable !! Please make more content like these 
Notorious headline !! Ladies and gentlemen presenting, Urban naxal prestitute for you !!
Very nice sir
Incomplete and biased views of crony capitalists
Strong message must be sent to the terrorist groups.
2. As long as the agitations continues so many more people will learn and starts Kitchen with other facilities to support 
Congress AAP ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS BOTH PARTIES HAVE NOT DONE  NO GOOD FOR THIS COUNTRY
Butchering other than depending on Ambani and Adani. they cant ask 
I hate BJP and Narendra Modi 
Forgive us the wrong we have done, as we have forgiven those who have wronged us.
We are indian.
You are absolutely right sir Rahul ji
Iski baato se saff hi congress party ke khilaf or bjp ke support
Juth juth juth
Golden age of media 
Label as anti-nationals, terrorists, andolanjeevis, jobless alcoholics.
Isi world one
Our brother
Can we please put a little faith in the ruler and allow him to tackle a certain situation we , as a common people may never know!!!!
I m really happy for farmers
Why Rahul Gandhi or any spokesperson is not visiting J & K where 3 Kashmiri Pandits were killed by terrorists .
the public has started questioning the politicians for which there is no answers. bjp has understood that it can no more fool the public. the public will not vote in the name of HINDU MUSLIM AGENDA. caste and religion, STATUES AND BUILDING. temples; amritwmohotsav. lollipop yojanas and TIPS.
Any buddy did this get arrested but not supporting to these fake farmers ... Just to join politics tiket also doing same like Kejriwal..
Good job bro easy n short video
Truly horrific and they killed nine and old men as well. The person  who did this deserves to pay!
Breaking of temple...temple of democracy
One thing is clear ,he has no FORESIGHT. AND NO HINDSIGHT. 
Soon wait for the next foolishness
Please Don't be a follower slave!
Now we can understand that mob was throwing stone  and one was hit driver  ,he lose control on car and incident occur
Pakistan think that they are helping Taliban.. But reality is Taliban and USA are friends.. And Taliban is just following orders form USA
Victory to farmers of India!!
Aurat nhi item hai trp wali
This is one of  the most informative channel in malayalam.... Hats off
This is the most unkempt, unprofessionally looking news presenter ever.
Proud of kishan unity shame on police wala
KAHA GAYA YE YAAR.. PLEASE SAB ACHHAA HO JAYE
SG , your analysis was spot on and has been vindicated today vide Modi's declaration that the farm laws will be withdrawn.
i don't care if i was removed or not, but the place where my lovely india flag should only be was volieted, they  should now face the consequences of doing that beating police did u saw how much aggression did they show. o my just think if they entered anyone's house that time, carrying swords threating someone it's illegal.
BJP party khatam h sale in the
Mr. Reddy, We should not trust Government because 15Lakh does not came to my account. In 2016 In parliament Modi said by 2022 Farmers income shall be doubled, till this day there is no plan to implement or even consideration to increase the income.
The interviewer is useless. You should've sent a better interviewer.
Sad to see the much needed reforms going down to the whim of illiterate thugs. But hey...India is democracy and this difference keeps us backward.
thanks for discussing this
NDTV Make a correction, These are farmers of haryana and punjab not whole country. we are supporting it.
Police should have some shame getting paid by the tax payer and still beating Farmers who produce food.
Rioters
Jay bhart 
Kya hora hai desh me college youth protest farm protect next kaun bachgya
PM MODI IS A INCOMPUTANT PMIME MINISTERS , INDIA EVER RECIVED , AFTER OUR INDIPENDANCE.
104 terrorist killed wow
Thanks for providing true imformation
The moment you call it "peaceful protest". 26th January left the chat
I am in trouble with the phone number
This is when godi media shows you false image of farmer protest SOLD MEDIA BJP IT CELL 
Slowly lallantop is becoming only up channel
Love and support from England to the farmers. May they stay strong.
What exactly caused this? Is anything getting resolved?
Actor hai yeh
Thanks very much NDTV showing everything godi media sleeping the moment
*Eagerly Waiting for abhi and niyu's comical justification for taking back the laws*
Misleading the people
Let's take example zeba Shamim( Formal education) and khushbu( Informal education).
Tkait  SAHIB  mhan  ho App  l salute you for sorting out these media  walaas they l have failed  App k samne we kissans r v lucky to  have you  WAHEGURU App  ki chadthia  kla Rakhan and Deg Teg Fateh Rakhan hamesha  l prey  Dabi  chal kissana  jo hogwash hoga JI Jawan Jai  kissan
Talking style is brilliant
1. The protest was violent
Thank you very much.
If any other country minister would have Resign long back 'Shame on India"
Veru ethavathu thingiringala
That's why India is a soft state.
Yes he should resign
 And have a better discussion to form an amicable decision thus Modi can announce all the three laws will be repealed.
You wanted OROP, got it. MSP got it. With all these money you purchase Agri lands in Australia, Canada, USA,UK became rich. Still you fleece  Indian tax payers money when real and poor farmers are languishing in the hands of middlemen. Congress! You talk of 60 farmers moterdom. When 1000s of Tamil fishermen shot down by Srilankan govt, you, BOPARAJI you and your Congress never spoke a word. You the congress, creating one more Bindramvala.
They charged 7 percent from both side ...seller and buyer side madam
take back the bills and let current old system work as it always has .. saale inko marna hee hai mandi mein jaake toh amrne do ... aur wapas kisi party ne famr laws laanee kee kochish kiyee.. toh usko bhee tod marod kar thook daalenge hum .. lets see fir  kya hota hai.. take back the farm laws and bring in the old mandi system .. fuck these farmers and fuck their political supporters .. lets procure fod from outside india .. bahar se khareed lenge .. but inh chutiyonko jo chahiye wahee hone denge !!
This world is for everyone! No one is slave here realize it!
Now bjp will rest
STATE 1,30  CORE PEOPLE IN
modi is deaf who does not listen to voices of his own people
Just hate this reporting
I am Punjabi and stand with farmers
 CONGRESS,  AAM ADMI, SP, AKALI  will PAY in 2022
Be aware if bjp win
Indian people very important clever 
So why was there no consultation, with the people it effects, stop filling the pockets of the rich. You are a money grabbing hideous and pathetic excuse for a person, let alone prime minister. If you really believe in your laws, go to the protest. No one is giving you any credit for anything, get that clear .
Nothing wrong in the bill
Great Content! Thank you!! Lil' work on different accents needed!
That means the protest is taken into the heart of other people, not involved directly in this protest.
Proud of Modi Government
Yeh hai meri desh ki police the only and the best thing they can do.....
Except Kejriwal no leader has the capacity to challenge Modi.
Simply . THANKS A TON 
Cheap publicity to win UP elections. More than 600 farmers have lost their lives. The Parliamentaey process and procedure of passing bills into laws has been made a mockery of. It is too late now. What about the second wave Covid dead. Any proposal to being them back ?????? Doesn't matter, go back you will, back to where you came from, both in 2022 as well as in 2024 !!!!!!! Once bitten, twice shy, the genetic design stays the same !!!!!!
If u (BJP) have guts then make barrier and concert nails like this in the China border...
Look, this is what it did to its neighbor countries.
Salute to our farmers of Punjab and all India
You are a truly a Godi Media. Shame on you.
Farms laws were going to befit in long term
INDIANS CHOOSE UR LOCAL LEADER WISELY
*Honourable The Supreme Court Of India* : Why protest when laws kept in abeyance ?
Farmers not backbone but this kisan(street dogs) are virus for nation
Thats not how a real farmer would stack sugarcanes in a trolley. Clearly this is scripted. Those farmers didn't even know the laws.
SIR, RAVISH, KUMER, JI, THE, WONDERFUL, JOURNALIST,
watch in 2X
Support for the farmers from Alabama USA!
Now the society is changing. Technology  is changing then why not farmers....?
Why doesn't the media cover the true root cause of Afghanistan's turmoil: Religious laws.
I think this act was good for  indian real farmar.
Pawar to join .....joke of the century
Good accent when this guys says Taliban lool wonder if you wokies could say rasta like that on TV...
Ashamed on this behaviour, one people die, Policemen injured, why police didn't take actions
Election stunt
Only citizens are at loss, not govt!
Farmers from the past 70 years have paid no taxes. Just want everything for free. It's us the middle class that needs to bear brunt of all these farmers. Now as they have been repealed. Still why protest. That means these farmers are having a lot of money. Just want protest. But dont want to pay any taxes. sad and shameful for farmers
Modi government supporting the so called  Khalistani people  ..
AIM has lost it he any ways has always been some one who is out of touch with reality.
Free khana free sex
it would be explained in better way
f)  Assets value of the apex body will be the total earning - inputs by govt.  for  formation of apex body-expenditures on input costs for technical guidance and collection and stock handling of yield till disposal in market. 
5. who is at loss due to this farm bills of 2020 are 
MADAM PRIYANKA GANDHI.
2 years ago but still relevant 
Govt of india is responsible for tht not farmers
he Shiromani Akali Dal (Badal) president Sukhbir Badals wife Harsimrat Badal who is promoting her act of quitting Modi cabinet as big sacrifice against three farm bills introduced in Parliament, made a U-turn saying she never said the bills were anti-farmer.
Congratulations  farmers on your Winning 
Naveen Prakash Singh Present chairperson of CACP
India confict with taliban sham taliban involve in afim chars business why india talk with terrorsittalban this is moral and cheracter ofindian pol. China entered in afgan with havei weopans he rowup roots him business he know where oil and gas at there inthis bussi.rassia with china.
Comrade leaders even defrauded money from villagers to finance Delhi protests. 
Govt should not have closed all the criminal cases against this so called farmers. I guess the centre should not have given up for the elections and vote bank and I doubt this people will support the centre.
Court who has 4 crore pending cases and work 193 days in a year only,gets time to list / hear every road block case by blocker (not by victims) within 1 hour of incidents..
Pls don't show manipulated and news without any base of credibility
Very few have the guts to take a call between yet or no. I respect your vision, honesty, dedication, passion and Humanity. Today you earned Respect & Honour that's Speechless. No certificate or medal can honor your work and experience with reality. Hats off 
Justice in favor of Farmers, Govt immediately should repeal all agri farm laws and work for Farmers and common people in country and not to work for Ambanis and Adanis
It is shamefull american at saigon and kabul air ports did same
Shameful how education has been deprived in the region....
Laughter is the best medicine
Much more controversial at the part of govt. to facilitate private players a level players and on long run crush the middle-class.
Fake farmers will be taught a lesson for good
Now people can understand who is Desh bhakats or Andh bhakats
60kg khol(cow meal) is around 1600 rupees and it's milk price is just 25 rupees per kg, sir then why people are angry against government
I don't feel it's good for end user or buyer. We can get for less price in market but not in malls.
Stop sharing spurious information.
Each person pay tax in whole country, even farmers too so farmers also have right and what about that time when police dump the roads and try to stop farmer to go delhi when they were going for a pueceful protest.
Reality - he was defending himself
700 famers dead over this. The Indian governement have MURDERED Sikhs for decades, when will they stop
strong , they have Global provisions but Hindus are easy target with 
Now we all shud protest to remove the evil mandal commission & get rid of reservation quota & dirty politics .
Elections ke time pe Guru Govindsingh bhi muh se nikalta hai inke...gandhe aadmi Hain he ye religion ko politics ke liye use karthe hain
What can be expected from B n D channel. Also talk about 3000kg drug at Adani port!
He is the son of rss affiliated bjp rajya sabha MP. So what do you expect from him to do. Janta sabak sikha degi aa gaya kisi din gaaon mein.
Again Repeat of Rhetoric of Tikait  !!
Why are you silent when mob do vialence on 26 Jan
Owaisi is a great leader
Shameless BJP govt !
If farmers think this bill is not good for their future, so drop it because you are passing it for the vantage of farmers.
Never seen these protests in any of the MSM in India  not even in Social Media.
Video evidence of his son is still not out..
Let's see what the government do.
Uska kasoor tha, ham sab ke bap ki pagri utari thi but they should not do this we are living in Great INDIA we should to follow our Greatest constitution,
No secularism india is a hindu nation hindu unity forever 
Pass no judgement, and you will not be judged. For as you judge others, so you will yourselves be judged, and whatever measure you deal out to others will be dealt back to you.  (Matthew 7: 1-2) 
BJP TRIED CREATING A FAKE "KHALISTAN NARRATIVE" AND FAILED MISERABLY...   LETS AGREE AT THAT
Shame on you..you are trying to defame farmers only....You are trying to create fear among masses through your cheap anchoring
Oldest vedio in paracham classes ,ja he ek vedio hai Jo 4 year phela ki hai aur series 2020 ki Hain !!
Jut bolrahe hain
 joint committe of farmers and govt will finalize the law clauses that will benefit farmers or not. But unions are adament.
All shall know Him from the least to the greatest.
Shame on Modi & Khattar government 
and No money for anything else
Bjp has to pay for
I can't believe here is democracy if government is for peoples and people's are not happy with new farm laws then why govt is not repealing them ??
Suppose a company contracted with you for 100 kg of tomato of 3 inch radius if u r not able to provide them with there specification they will recover their input by aquiring your land
But looking at what happened today. About the farmer rally. I feel a bit different towards farmers.....
Why not at least 20 states...
This article totally justifies the topic in every aspect. 
The BJP representative has no clue. Hes a joke
Our.selection.is.best.but.our.election.is.bogus..
Sir 11th me agriculture lena chate math week hai
Very nice explained.  The bill is not good for farmers
Please support them and connect with them to yourself
This owisi Bacha/Lucha is not even equal to CT Ravi. CT Ravi gave kadak answer
Oh yeah. India is real diverse. No women. No africans. No Americans. Oh, so, diverse.
Shame on you BJP Sarkar and all police prashasan Jo Aise ghatiya prashasan ke Kahane per Apne Hi hi Bhav bhaiyon per Atyachar kar rahe hain
BJP IS  threat to this democratic country
finally democracy won
It's  high time Modi put a stop to this farmer protest.
Exact explained 
Thank you so much sir
     47 M subscribe      20k view  
In  future  kids  have  a  questions  at School  Exam  paper ?
BJP is in big trouble now! Modi made a mistake of underestimating Indian farmers!
Who cares..?
Great decision! Thanks to the farmers protesting for their rights  A country where farmers flourish, will achieve win over poverty and hunger.
Guru Maharaj dedicated that Shabad to the all powerful Waheguru/Parmatma/Parbhram - not yo Shiva or Devi
Such people cannot be humans they are simply playing their own politics because of the vested interest they are getting
so..again Thank You so..muchhhhh....
I think they need education .... education of farmers billl ......
Jutha
Copyright bachcha hai
Indira killers rejoiced once again
M from haryana state i know updated news
When your father brother sister slapped by police .... Then you know what is shanti. .. rights aise nhi mil jaate ... Sab kuch karna pdta  hai .. shanti bhi or Josh bhi
1) why your photo is hanging in every government office when you r still alive(just beside nehruji and Gandhi ji)
Please do a series on "How 10 of the most important Ministries of Government have performed in last 5 yrs?"  e.g.
Wasn't india better under the British rule ? Their was order and law at least.
thanku
_Covid-19 Makes India's Poor Stare at Decade-long Poverty, But Wealth of Top Billionaires Swells by 35%: Oxfam_
Tickait is too difficult to handle for BJP... Or any ruling party... 
Thank u mam for your explanation
Than why you talk about Australian forest fires and death of blacks in usa.
Farmers should not be attacked
does stubble burning only happens in Punjab or in any states too?
Every one talks law but none uphold it . In Rajasthan farmers are beaten but none talks . Every one talks about farmers deaths but none talks about lynched farmers . Regressive attitude of opposition .
We will win support our food brigade s
Why are the farmers supporting  middlemen? Both the families of Amrinder Sing, CM ,and Badal, are loosers in the new system.  So why landless and small farmers  protesting? A few years back, the middlemen supported by Forward Block party in WB, stalled the establishment of Metro  Cash and Carry in Kolkata,  fearing that small farmers would be held economic hostage by the company. But after 10 to 12 years, you can see nothing of that sort happened  and the farmers are happy with the deals. Those middlemen  sought other forms of employment.
MSP is given only on wheat and paddy because government buys it while the other crops are bought by private buyers at even less than half of MSP. Government should try and focus on that so farmers move from one crop to other.
Moji ji abba ... Please don't do same with CAA and 370 and 35A..  Also start implementing UCC asap ...
Can someone please tell me why 90% of indian farmers were not protesting?
Thanks for you
Respects to a farmers in India for the strength they are showing in fighting for their kids future .. God Bless theses Protests in All States
Thank you very much for detailed information 
One nation one election ka matalab samajh lo fir bolna ......
watever they do its just to stop these Tsunami so that we stay within 
Indian media kia gaand phir jli because they cannot use afghanistan fo terrorism now
Framers we are with you. keep going.. love and support  from kerala
thanks vox...love from Punjab
Youth are the only hope in these dark  times..
90 percent of protesters are not actually farmers they r the brokers whose income will be put to ground and they  r the once who exploit farmers the most like the rate per kg in mumbai for tomatoes is 54 but farmers get just 3 rs per kg. Can u imagine after modijis law all farmers can directly sell thier products at cost thats reasonable for them as well as us this guy is providing just half information.
Sir part two bhi  bataye  plz
We don't want this kind of shameful farmer leader
Hello sir , let me know the process to join the course !
Bro all ur episodes are great. But this coverage won my heart.. luv ur work as always and now even more... 
Disappointed with PGurus for this episode...these are just AIMs opinions...no facts/analysis here
Farmers very much benefitted by this bill ,New era is  to be seen in the field of agriculture sector.
Now, The recent talks has made some changes in bills. Government has made it clear that MSP will be provided in written. The problem is with taking the knowledge till farmers and make them understand. In 2019, Many opposition and farmer groups protested to implement this act. The best way to analyze this act is by implementing it for a year. This should be studied as a case study after implementation but not on assumptions
MSP would allow the govt to set the prices an year in advance and the farmer to plan in advance.
THANK YOU FOR BEST THINKING OF FUTURE INDIA.
This video is nothing but a classic example of fear mongering.
At 2:20 proof that being english speaker doesn't mean that person knows what he is talking about 
Mostly because of angry middlemen and politics. 
First pay for the 500 life
Vadra had not gone to Rajastan were so many rape and linching had taken place Will all Gandhi family will regine
Amazing way to make people understand
BJP and Congress both have expressed the issues with 'APMC' mandi having lots of issues. Kerala n many other states do not use the Mandi. Rice grower of Kerala are not protesting. The projected roles of Adatiya being glorified by this lady. Why is this protest , since the large growers of wheat do not know the tax payer money of 33000 crores , which was coming to the states, what will happen ? Govt has been buying the wheat , its reaching the PDS shops via APMC and not that all the goods sold is class 'A'. In fact the PDS ration shop wheat is not palatable by a common man.  This means a good grower of wheat lets say 100 quintals , in reality is selling 200 quintals in APMC ( out of which 100 is stones and not real wheat ). Then the money related to this wheat , goes to middlemen and farmers.  Ashirvad atta company or similar ones do not buy this wheat.  When farmer dumps his wheat in APMC mandi , who finally buys it from there and where does the wheat gets utilised , has the real answers for this protest.  Why does Govt still imports despite bumper crop ( or farmer does not export ) , if he has done excellent quality and has a fear of the price drop. ??? Few questions are based on fears. These are away from reality...On ground , the news channel should visit APMC ware houses and show the pictures of rats and rotten wheat laying , lack of disposal in time and usage. That will clear all the muck. The channels are not spending time to show real ware house conditions.
Punjab BJP government hota hee too aise nehi hota. Congress ka pura support.  Congress desh barbat kiya economically
But the question remains that if the mew laws do not affect the MSP, why are the farmers protesting?
Ye politics bhi subscripted hota hai 
What next khalistanis
There are so many anti-India forces acting against the current regime. They jump at every opportunity to malign the governments image. Policies need to be discussed in all regional languages so that farmers know that their interests are being taken care of and what they lose or gain in the bargain.The conspirators need to be exposed but at the same time people have to be reassured.
supported the same reforms in the past. Now all oppositon parties change their stand and making farmers scape goat.
Bahot khub. Aisa hee hona chahiye. In congress walo pe itne case daal deni chahiye ki aage se jhuth bolne ke pahle sou baar soche.
They are not a farmer
Stay inside bars is better. Don't play stupid games in up.vadra.
Farmers carry seeds and fertilizer . Farmers don't carry Swords, Iron rods, Stones . Only rioters and hooligans carry Swords, Iron rods, Stones .
Very nice and clear explanation . 
These people could have protested in their home State Punjab but they didn't.
BBC is showing video of opposition parties of India? Isn't showing video and asking is enough? I have witnessed horrible violence at the time of Mayawati govt, Mulayam Singh's rule, and congress rule. They are telling the govt to take action. At the time of congress, my dad was attacked by knife in the hospital and still none of the police could catch the person who hs attacked. That was congress govt
 take care bro
INC is calling out BJP on farmer laws and this incident while 1984 sikh riots happened bcoz of them, ofc they never had army brought in  :)
Some seheri paplus are padhe likhe chutya... They don't the ground reality of farming
Good work by farmer
Ye to taleban ke pass he jutt q bol rahe ho
Why is this happening? No more being civilised?
BPSC mains ke liye super important topic
Acche din ageye finally...
Good evening Sir
Sometimes what I feels like ,even after being a Indian m saying it !
The people are finally revolting. Capitalism is about to crash
Option is C
Government's fault government didn't  used these middleman correctly.government challenge middleman and the middleman show what they can do.. they have use middleman like mehbooba mufti..
Great 
This is the end of American Supremacy at global stage.
Yes Modi is right,only 5 % farmers who are very rich are looting the 95% of our farmers.Being from a farmer family we Are with MIDI JI.
Even Indian media is prejudice against farmers
Dear Tax Daats, lets go and settle in domanico, with Mehul Chooksi.
Punjab and haryana are the least productive state and they use both alarming amount of water
Thanks..
As expected
4. Modi Government created false farmer parties and gathered their support certificates and never came to ground zero for talks.
If this was Pakistan there would have hue and cry  plus propaganda and what not on Indian news channels.
These people should go to LAC . They should show their bravery on war front . They are creating problems for common man . .
They want Civil War in India.
police doing well need srmy kill them
In fact if the price goes up then farmers can again negotiate with buyer that he wish to sell as per market price and buyers has to oblige. 
If the can attack you surely you can fight back!
Now Tikait should say sorry for the death of 700 farmers on whose dead body he has gained his political mileage.
The 700 souls will haunt Modi and Amit shah for several generations narcissistic Government
Long live anti-greed!
Now the opposition will also not agree on the repeal of farm law because they wanted to poltiscise for their vote bank on the farm law.
Less education
Godi media doing their job by defending bjp
Brokers ne kida utha rakha inmein
I think it's a good law for the farmers but government should also ensure that APMC Markets will be continue In such a way as they are running now
Annaji please try to become honest ur kejriwal
This video was released 1 year ago.. Let me tell you today's story.. Now in my city Uber charges are too high... They charge 700-900 to go to south kolkata... Which previously used to be Rs. 200-300
Your wording "few lives lost" is humiliating to the farmers.Around 900 farmers lost their lives and for you it is "few lives". What sort of reporting is this?
Supreme court is right 
its wrong  if you think that laws are only for farmers...laws for all including consumers ....being a consumer i say these laws will benefit me...why i should see repeal them
Waste Modi farm Bills 2020...
They should have dragged them out and kill them at the spot
This jahil tikket and his group will not stop untill they get focus and election tickets..... Only rich farmers are participating in this protest and other small farmers of India are against this.... If this jahil tikket group  do not leave then our court must intervine and kick these idiots outbof delhi border..
agar balance karna hai to laws ke saath elctricity and water subsidies bhi repeal karo. MSP ko statutory banao but polluting farming practices ke liye strict law banao just like they made the new motor vehicle law.. sab balance ho jayega.
English class ar hoyche na keno
Farm protest -Goons and rowdies at their best
i cant even see the video.. forget everything... what is wrong with humans.. is this the way to behave..so much hatred for people you dont even know.. what was their fault... this is so sad... really sad.. shows how the society is degenerating...
Now time come for good Governance or Gundaraj
I  have never Heard so many Lies after Lies by a Female Journalists........She is saying that Mandi Agents Help Farmers sell their crops at MSP........this is perhaps the biggest Joke of the Century........In India less than 10 % farmers are able to sell their Crops at MSP........plus MSP are only available for Selected Crops not for all Crops.
Hats off to you sir
Punjab ki shan ho tum. Tum zinda ho tu punjab zinda hay. Ghayrut mund marshall race    from this side of the divide
Rest world must stop every relationship (political, economical and aid relief etc.) with Taliban  and will be ready to retaliate on joint platform if Taliban miscreants do any cross border terrorism to be noticed with any of the country against Taliban.
Well come ,welcome you are great 
Great sir 
 "IF THESE ACTS THAT WERE DONE BY FARMERS  ARE NATIONALIST THEN TERRORIST ARE THE TRUE NATIONALIST."
Sir, now let us do some numbers here. Total Rice and Wheat production in India is around 123 mil tonnes and 110 mil tonnes respectively. If the government plans to buy it all at MSP then the total cost comes around 5 lakh cr. Our tax revenue is 11 lakh cr. And that has a part of my income in it Sir. I Sir, am a tax payer unlike any of the rich farmers who never paid any tax (And no political party has guts to even broach that topic). I believe you pay taxes too. Would you kiss goodbye to education, healthcare, defense, sanitation and infrastructure funding to buy wheat and rice at MSP, which is the artificially inflated price of these two commodities? How about my sabziwala who goes street to street selling his farm grown perishable items? He is a farmer too! When was the last time you picked up a fight with govt. for his safety net? For his share of MSP? So sir please do not tell us that this was an all inclusive protest where every farmer from every part of the country was included. And the reason for that is 88% of the farmers in the state of Punjab and Haryana sell their crop at MSP. For the farmers in rest of the country, do your own digging sir and trust me youll be disappointed to know the numbers there.
Iss desh ka kucch nhi ho skta....wo khte h na it only happens in India.......
Thank you soo much sir...u explain it very nicely...sir please continue this series as it hepls alot
KAHI JYADAA TO NAHI HO RAHAA HAI 
Very good fight against taliban
Absolutely right 
The farm bills are very much needed.. Point is.. The farmers who don't get good price in the local mandis can sell their farm products anywhere where they get a good price.. What's wrong in this??? 
*Death Count Rises In Armenia, Azerbaijan Clashes Despite Calls For calm; total military losses to 84*
Magic of election, before election fuel taxes reduced,farm laws repealed 
You are meant to Serve the People.
What is democracy without politics. Simple answer is Pakistan.
Its strange only in Punjab this is happening? 
Where is free Palestine supporter
Then only modi will withdraw the bills
Instead of sitting in a open space, let them sit peacefully in a room counting the bars in a jail.  Apt place for these fake farmer leaders.
Details about agricultural land sowing etc would have put an end to unlimited sales , including brought from outside states at MSP
Well explained in brief however there must have some explanation about land aquistion as well. Overall it was good resource of authentic knowledge for me.
See this video on 2X speed you will find that he is pro legend
This video is quite similar to khan sir's video 
Congress desh ka phele Sai hi kha rahi thi aab uske chamche khaa rahe hai..
Farmers be like, ab to sch bol de chutiye
SUPER FLOP SHOW. THEY ARE GIVING SUCH A TYPE OF PICTURE THAT THE CROWD WAS HUGE. NOT MORE THAN 10K.IN CRICKET  CITY BECOME A JAM WHERE THE STADIUM CAPACITY IS 14K. THEY ARE FOOLING US. THEY ARE DALAL OF MANDI.
Police are Scapegoats in order to get sympathy to govt and blame protest.
Maine kisan bill bht YouTube channel pr dekha pr sbse ache se samjh mje ab aya. 
I hope everyone understand the situation of the farmers and stop calling them anti-nationals it is not good for the country and other neighbouring countries can take advantage of that.
bro can you  make a video on what will  happen if MSP is legalized 
Farmers, never forget the hardships they put you through  Never ever vote for this gobar party
Thank you BBC news for sharing such kind of true story
My country had made best use of corona, through IPC 144. Only to crush dissent. No other country has got this idea.
Sik / Farmmer are the biggest Strength of India.
Instrument of exploitation can't be branded as reforms.....  
Can every body enjoy for sometime because rajdeep sardesai and shashi tharoor are booked under sedition
Suppressing any kind of dissent in the world largest Democracy supports sanjay raut's statement...
Sudhir sir you are  great apki reporting smjh me ati h
Like CAA protesters used Indian Flag as a disguise for their violent intentions.
they r not farmers
It's sad because haryana government had decided that they want 75% reservation for local people and they were going to pass that bill.... it's like saying that newyork corporation needs to hire 75% people only from newyork....not from other parts of United States....so modi had to withdraw farms bill..... it's not the first time, State governments in india always try to implement this rule......they don't want people from other states flocking into their state.....mainly targeted at up,bihar....which are most populous states in india....so alot has been going on in background and it's not a win it's a total loss of india if you look in terms of country's prospective
Worlds largest protest for over a year now come on man please come to some arrangement now .whats so important that it cant be un written its been going fine for years why change if people obviously dont want it changed otherwise they wouldn't be on streets for over 1 year yes 1year its a long long time to protest peacefully
Congress ki chal h
Modi is the biggest disaster ever happened to India after independence!!
Kashmiris r benefitted by 370. now elections , developed, roads, highways colleges  sab ho Raha
Accept my respect and gratitude from pakistan...
Thanks to India there will be no more Sikhs left to fight cause of the genocidal attempts by the government: 
My India can never become a Super Power
This BJP Govt is Creating Unrest in allover India. 
He is not representative of all farmers
Where is our slogan : jai jawan jai kisaan. When kisan is injured how jawan become  strong to save our india. Really too bad incident happened due to politics. Both are two eyes of india..so  supreme court should take action on those culprits who lati charged on old people..Kisaan is back bone of our India.When The Kisaan is strong india will be safe and cool. Jai hind 
Formers murdered brutally BJP members  
WE RELON LIMITED IS AN INVENTOR AND MANUFACTURER OF THE WORLD'S 1ST LPG GAS LEAK SAFETY DEVICE. THIS IS A PATENTED PRODUCT AND APPROVED FROM THE GOVERNMENT OF INDIA LAB.
Down to this pathetic system against Farmers...
Abhi to ek bacha bol raha h nhi school kholenge to aise hi hoga
Singh will destroy Modi
One day they will pay for this remember
No its not, its the loss of millions of hardworking farmers across India.
Thanks sir
Those who still give their vote to bjp, they are the actual destructor of this country.
Good reply of Rakesh Tiket ji. Kisan unity Zindabad
You stop fake news stop your Chanel you only give support godi media OK
70% population is Linked with Agriculture, and protesting since June 2020, why GOVT is forcefully want to INJECT this 3 new farm bill Medication to 70% population of Indias Farmer, where Farmers saying we dont need it. Farmers saying if GOVT really wanted to do something then should make long awaited MSP as law for 23 essential crops as per CACP govt department.
Sawal bhi poochna he government se , Saath BHI dena he with government for nation building.
Opposition now working for China and Pakistan 
Human brother-in-law should only lathi-charge with such people
Assam's 6th Community Koch Rajbongshi janogosthi ST Status big issue plz solve this session No ST No Rest
Very good Lado Rani
Election Effect.....
Only Big.problem is storage India Need to make a very Big Storage.
Thx very much medam yur explanation tooo good .....
Solute to our farmers
No Farmer No food 
      " scorch earth policy"        
Anjana om is a specialist in  not a specialist in chamcha giri
It's very important bad
It's shows clearly they are fully funding from outside to Rakesh and wanted our india never and ever be developed country
*Govt: Those Spreading Rumours about Covid-19 Vaccines to be Punished under Disaster Management Act, IPC*
As long as you behave like them, like a braindead zombie, they will praise you, and the moment you question, they will bite you like a mad dog.
U are not farmers , u guys are enemies of India get out fake farmers
Hindu-Americans Rank Top in Education and Income. Hindu-Americans have the highest socioeconomic levels among all religions in the United States..
Anthbakt bolega ye video graphics hei 
Remove this old man
Shameless fellow, some one kick him out of his office
WHY  THIS  NOT  TERROR 
By the people
We are with farmers
Those are note farmers they're Khalistani
raising issue is fine but at least use correct map of india  
Power of unity
Farmers please:-
Did amazing Modi saw that now elections are coming, sweets should be distributed first, later after winning, I will count the dead bodies of people again.
To all the illiterates our there .. 
Madm sawal puchna jante Hain Dena nahin kahate Hain channel number BJP is not le rahe ho gai isliye
Another reason to love the great nation of India. Thanks for a very balanced analysis, I understand the situation much better now.
when this Circus will end.. 
Shown at 3am when nobody is watching the news. Typical BS from the BBC
Shame on u
government fraud with proof
These bills are a huge favour for the corporate.
Ma'am you are so beautiful thanks
They brought innocent farmer at border in cold and not playing emotional card over them. Khalisatni used common Sikh feeling. Very sad.. 
K.P Mouriya you are a slave not the Dalit leader
Bad decision of indian government...
#ElectionEffect
These programs will uproot BJP
A is the right answer
Be like Ravish Kumar.. unafraid & more importantly saying it like it is!! Pls become aware of this.. many fears of tax raids etc, but otherwise, what is the point???
First read the Farmer bill, then come with ur shitty comments..half knowledge ""Bawli G**d"" ki tarah hoti hai..chomu log
Amrinder offertunist jai kissan farmers never forget atrocities muted on farmers abuses forcing loose police goons etc dont forget bros
*NHAI withdraws TOT-4 as it tests recent policy changes for monetising road assets; No reserve price*
if agriculture is a state subject, then why ask government for MSP ?
U r right ye to soch smj k ambani adani se puch k aye h
I respect you..Hats of you...from kerala..
j) Basic policies should not be changed. But,  additional options may be introduced for safety of farmers and the organisation. 
All thanks to Biden's poor plan for U.S troop withdrawal.
Will the states not get an option to adopt the act?
I m big fan of your sir ji
Bjp activist deep sindhu is responsible for this watch it https://youtu.be/-PAImxBFxR0
Indian Occupied Kashmir belongs to Pakistan. You reading robot.
So this is all about farmers not wanting the government subsidies to disappear and the privatization of land? Unless there is a need for these crops to justify the subsidies, perhaps not so many Indians should be in farming at this point.
we support our beloved farmers
Thank you for this breakdown! Here in my country the USDA is going to start taxing livestock farms for their methane. (Literally a tax on animal flatulence) I feel like the governments around the globe are messing with the food supply
Good morning NDTV news 
Very funny all looters are speaking
The Taliban was built by the United States for its own purposes  ,America escaped and left its terrorists
Drama, is this a press conference. When this up will grow up
He is so used to cameras So wants to show his Tobra(face)till15 and will find out new kand to do
Government has failed to trace his foreign source of funding. 
YUVA VIGORA 100 KHA KAR BAITHE  TERI LAL HO JAYEGI
Tikait the fraud
3. Tear and disrespect to national flag on route.
aare bhai Muzaffarpur Bihar main h. Aur Mahapanchayat Muzaffarnagar main hui thee. Kya bhai recheck bhi nhi krte ho. Whatsapp university dekh rhe ho kya
And  with stress and empty pockets lost
Waiting to see yogi ji in action mode ,no doubt that it's a political conspiracy of Congress, leftist, anti-hindu, anti-Indian.
Have u read farm laws ?? None ??
We won't Ravish kumar sir at this time. Government is doing very bad politic
Dont see rahul with them
Now the best example for 
The PM is adopting Chanakya Neeti.
 Our Farmer is Real Hero's....
But due to lack of purchasers(/    ) a farmer can not think if growing these.
Where is khotestni,which are slogan" our one is able to fight with seva lakh"
Great Anchoring 
I come from an India where comedians talk reality and politicians do comedy.
AGER OWAISI KO SATTA ME BHAGIDARI NAHI .
Next revolution are coming to remove the parliamentary democracy.
Chusssss............
Jatt.  Dalit.  Haryana  kisan.   India farmer r. Same.  We give vote to. Bjp.  They.  Use us.     Trust.       Is.     Problems.     We.  Fight with.  Congress.    About 50.  Years.    Bjp.    Same drama.    We.   Request.  Our.  Prime minister.  Media.   Water levels go down.   Please sir. We Dalit farmers.     If u stay in mandi.  For months.  And nobody care.  For your. Rice and wheat.  Think about  if we  grow vegetables.  Price like zero.   We. B.  Farmers. Send  next generation to.   Europe or North Americas.     Drama.   Dont help every time.
Aap sirf yeh batiye kee desh ka economy ka bhala hoga kee nahi chahey farmers aur opposition bhad me.
Now that's for theory. However, on a realistic level, what produce does the company hope to secure by offering 500 for something standardized at 2000? Do they plan to disrupt their model and go out of business without the raw product?  So, this 75% price reduction seems far fetched. Ultimately demand and supply forces balance things. If companies offer 1500 and less farmers contract for that price leading to less supply, demand rises and players emerge to offer more than 2000 now. The company offering 1500 finds itself in a touch spot now with lost reliability and fewer contracts.
Government should start taking with farmers they have been there for a long period. They are losing money and livelihood. As a finance professional I strongly support the farm law but I don't support the way gov't dealing with them. If what gov't  saying about the law which will increase the farmers income then why don't it make law about MSP
This is like feeding veggies to the kids. 
Kerala to South 
I'm requesting all viewers please support this channel by providing gifts(money ) as it supports them to give more quality as well as quantity study material. As I'm upsc student I have experienced that for upsc we have less study materials and kannada teaching teachers but in this channel we found them. By this channel we(kannidiga) will compitate for upsc. I think so...
Clear and crisp lecture 
Shame on ur reporting ass holes
Why NRIs who are supporter of BJP return to their own lovely country if govt is doing too good ??
Your love and respect for Punjabs and Sikhs is  a blow to the communal
In PDS, local commonities like Bajra in Rajasthan, Maize in MP, Jowar in MH, Mandua in Uttrakhand, etc should be included in PDS ( means instead of wheat about 5-10 kg Bajra for BPL can be included) so that local procurement will happen and will save money for Central Govt also.
Farmers ll attacked at night time bu the govt as per their planning n meetings...They wana crush them thinking it ll solve issue once m for all "apparantly" on media n hiddenly for  corporates.
abp news Congress ka spokesperson banana wali news channel hai
This is only a part of the story, certainly not complete. In such short span video,nicely captured.
Secularism is alot better
This open market policy is not new it is already there in many states even in my state of Tamilnadu it's already there that's y my AIADMK government is not opposing the bill. In many other states it's already there now it's becoming act that's all. In Punjab farmers currently farmers  can only sell to Mandis no open market policy  there that's y they are protesring that means middle men are higher and state government is heavily dependent on Mandi charges. This shows that more than the farmers Middle men are more affected.That doesnt mean there were no issues for farmers yes there but like water shortage and some other issues. I support the government wholeheartedly in this.
Let me ask something..what kind of system actually we have in kerala for Marketing farmers products?it will be really helpful if u give an answer..
Well ordered SDM and well implemented police  dissent can never be allowed to take form of violence  Waiting to see Rakesh Tikait being beaten the same way
                I think...
So if you are comparing mandi with govt. School then it should be state owned similar to education each state should create their own mandis and stop blaming centre we all know centre is always failure at ground level...
Very nice explanation...clear voice
The centre has to examine and change laws  to punish you we recommend
We are gonna die out of hunger once the farmers decide to stop working in the fields
Taliban Afghanistan Kabul. Don't fight each other.. you should love each other.. Don't let china own other countries..they have own country. we have own country and own culture. let's spread love and peace.. watching from Manila Philippines 
Proof of undeclared emergency no common people allowed in hathras and now bjp govt. Anti common people blocking the public roads using teargas etc. on democratic movements
If you need benefit from the govt, you have to follow the instructions and rules, you may have earn the money in a short span but remember one thing, later if it go to co operate company. We should be accepted theirs demand and value of the product.
This is how we celebrated our 72nd Republic Day 
Now the Taliban is truly turning on its master. Previous Pak-Taliban fighting was more about show than substance, with the government mainly just using the Taliban as an excuse to reassert central authority in their Northwest Frontier Provinces, but this time it looks like an actual conflict brewing.
Ya akhilesh bhaiya ke bharose baithe ho?? 
This is Congress led States
Anybody labeling Farmers is a Anti_nationalist
national statistical office cheyyunna pravarthanangale kurichu oru video thayyaraakamo?
In Majority We Should Hv Sharia Law
Why don't government remove this laws when they didn't require
Ab Jao we Indians are dying in hunger please farmers you didnt want the law to implement now see PM is now scared 
MSP ke benefit ke liye Punjab farmers multiple Wheat grow krne ke liye bohot zada chemicals use kr rhe h jisse Punjab Cancerous state ban chuka h. Punjab me cancer ke rates bohot zada tezi se badh rhe h.
Imo farms would not look like farms in the future it's both protestors and the govts problem
im making a documentary to raise awareness of this issue, can i use this footage with credit given to you in the documentary?
Well I support for farmers but a flag agnist indian flag is completely different thing
Answer is everything would function.
They really are a beautiful community.
so pakistan supported taliban with weapons and food to defeat usa . Now USA left taliban now is doing the payment to pakistan by turning over its political system to pakistan USING DRAMA.
Feel proud on farmers, Respect  
Took control from states and made 1 act for whole country. 
God shall write His Law in the hearts of men.
Tissue paper Media....Shame on u
SIKHS DALITS MUSLIMS CHRISTIANS SHOULD ALL BE ONE AGAINST RSS MODI THEN YOU HAVE A BETTER CHANCE 1 OF GETTING SOMETHING OUT OF IT THIS KISSAN PROTESTS UNITY AGAINST RSS MODI IS THE BEST .FREE KALISTAN
These Gandhi Vadras always rake advantage of situations to Toti Seke.
Majority voters vote BJP ko de, aur phir mudde andolonkari, opposition denge aur Bjp supremo unke demands sune, Kya itna Chutiya hain  56 inch, has he no guts to say those bloody rapists looters to go to public with these as election manifestos  and win election and do whatever they like, 56 inch is leading the country to total anarchy,
Thank you sir .... explained very well
They are not formers
No farmers only terrorist
LET THE LAW TAKE IT'S DUE COURSE.
there are different ways for everything and anything, when ways are applied things gets done.
I am not impressed with Abhijit's argument and  election theory. Abhijit please do your home work again. But I agree with what Abhijit says reason behind Amarinder's exit from Congress.
5.attack on red fort
Everything modi does is *historic* and for him results don't matter
In that bil one is there Contract Farming due to that our land will go to Ambani hand
Kese kisan hai ye supreme court ko bhi nahin man Raha hai. I hope government will take strict action against Rakesh tiket and their popets.
Same on modi you are give year prime minister you make country transhcane
Finally
Thanks so much ma'am
Rakesh  ji is very respected Kisan Leader
We want nothing more to do with serving or helping the beggars that cannot even protect their own sisters and mothers from foreign invaders 
I know he was a actor 
I pray to God that Modi and Yogi should /must win next election and then they should teach the dakait a good lesson.
I stand with farmer 
I dont support this incident, but I can see what has been leading up to this. 
Rakesh Tikait is a criminal poltician leader, when he will be arrest.
Well, would Indians FINALLY understand that non violence has never led anywhere? 
1USD = 168.19 rupees today  he's a great leader
Excellent IT cell has done good job 
Love you AAP party.!
If the media of the world is so much worried about the conditions left behind by the Americans, they should provide aid to the Afghans with no interest and return.
Also, farmers in Odisha are agitating for a while against BJD govt that the token system to sell produce to the mandi is flawed and how many farmers haven't been able to sell. Sonepur and Bargarh are the rice bowls in western Odisha and they are unhappy. Others too,but they are more visible. That is also where Bjp wins in Odisha.
Shut up puppet
Afghan-Indai Friendship Dam
Tell me plzz Rahul sir ap k time par defence , research  and health sector ka kitna amount  allot hota tha budget m ....
This Canadian stands with Indian farmers.
And now the laws are repealed 
they're language is weird lol
Another jumle bazi
Why this nut is getting the platform every now and then ?
All because of disgusting government who made black laws
The answer is 3 only
C T Ravi  spreading wrong information, and city corporation 2021 Gulbarga election time Gulbarga Dalita people saying C T ravi from local media next coming days Buddha Bihar not safe
There is no greater love than this, that a man should lay down his life for his friends.  (John 15: 13) 
Wooow thes best video about important things i have seen
GIRGIT HAS CHANGED THE COLOR. HE KNOWS WHEN N WHERE TO SAY SORRY, WHEN TO CRY. JUMLEBAAZ PM NEVER BE TRUST WORTHY N LOYAL TO FARMERS EXCEPT AMBANI ADANI..
* Government will repeal all 3 farm laws, it's in Parliament's Winter session.
wat makes him so happy?? repealing acts that enabled farmers to get legal aids..
Newslaundry please cover the Neet PG counselling deferments and reservation case. The nation is heading towards ruin
Last time pfa was there and now khalistani.  Funny.  
osm explanation 
No support to these broker middleman mandi walas
Thanks sir nicely explained
Who seeing this video after repeal of that laws
They ain't peaceful protestors and farmers. They disrespected national flag and sovereignty of India. This is politically motivated act of violence. Teach them a lesson.
Possibly BJP has ensured a win thru this ( may have been the counter demand to fulfilling al of farmers demands)
Ma'am mai aapke current videos dekhta hu regularly, aaj ye video dekh kr lg rha hai kuch v ek din me nahi bnta , everything needs continuous effort.
America has to lie now because they lost the war, their diaper army lost
Great 
Salute to republic DJ. Controlled the volume quite well
Prove me wrong
Finally some relief to the common man, screw these nuisance.
Shame on Modi, Amit Shah
2) 370 abrogation 
Why do you permitted for the trally on a particular day of 26th January, it is a ridiculous action. You made a block mark on our history and great insult to our army brothers those who living at highest altitude
You will remain Indian whether you hate it or love it.
Since 2001, India has invested more than 3 billion in Afghanistan and helped in nation building. Whereas what did America do in 20 years??? The US not only failed to eliminate the Taliban, but also equipped Pakistan with military aids, while Pakistan has stabbed the US in the back since 2001 and has always provided training and monetary support to the Taliban and also a safe haven for Osama bin Laden be provided.
RESPECT 
Respected sir. U r WRONG WRONG WRONG TOTALLY WORNG...ON THIS .. PLZ LISTEN RATHORE SIR VIDEO ON THIS REPEL OF LAW SEPICAL LAST SECTION OF VEDIO
The best thing to do since India has shown so much enmity towards them.
There is corporate pressure on the bell.
Message for these people:
Time changes same kind of incidents happens during British rule.
Dus bar bolne se kuch bdlega thodi
Samdish the best 
Yogi or amit shah should take care of Bengal goonda adhir Ranjan & Karnataka Mallikarjun Kharge ,they don't respect their age also such abad behaviour
All doubt clears thanks sir
I love Godi media for their dedication for Government....WE SHOULD APPRECIATE THEIR swami bhakti....
He thinks hell get them to vote for bjp? I hope not
one small reuest,background music is disturbing pls dont use any music while explaining..
I don't give a *uck about ya'll because of Casteism, Atrocities from Police on normal people, and corruption. Other reasons are hatred for other religionism, languagism, regionism.
Humiliateing behaviour by BJP and central government
Only. Bjp
Ane wale UP election me BJP ko ek bhi vote nehi milna chahiye
Priyanka vadra should be arrested
Shame on you.
Government must make MSP a law to assure poor farmers
Opposition got only 4 min to speak on bill
And this is also like a monopoly game lets see who wins
1.There is no legality for minimum support price 
Thank you for your true reporting sir 
IS NOT ACCEPTABLE MODIJI
Mam ur so clear in teaching, FYI I came across dumb teachers
Giving in return pollution & water depletion...
Super Ghaint Song
Salute to this SDM 
This is an India's internal issue.
Abhi bhi ye voting card khel rha hai
Very good explanation ...
Remember Modi Only Done this For Punjab & Sikh.
These Andolan will flout all rules. Shame to see AAP, congress behind scene.
Thank you for your wonderful, crisp, clear explanation. Hats off to Modi Government to help the farmers, it is the middle men and political parties who are at a loss... sincerely wish the Farm laws are brought into the governance.
I salute to brave heart farmers to stand against such dictator government. Very very egoistic Prime Minister india have right now. I hope people will understand and bring back the democracy
Isnt Agriculture in the state list?? Cant states legislate the required reforms as individual states??
Chanels are not supporting to protest 
Don't even try to make people of India fools.
No more sweet candies...it's enough
Sir confused hu.. 24 crops samil h msp me syd
Taliban is not an internal matter 
So, can you please also explain why mostly farmers from Punjab are only protesting against the laws? Why don't you highlight the real reason behind such conjectures of fear? Why don't you highlight what the condition of the farmers were during the time of the Congress government? And also please tell me the who the farmers you actually spoke to.
I think Bengal should cancel rally fr BJP
He is more dangerous then taliban ....  aur taliban ki videos cnn pr hai ...
Come on in Kashmir and fuck all indian army
- If government is anti-farmer, how come state procurement has been at a record high?
17. Hitler used to love giving speeches on Radio (there was no TV those days)
So the son of the minister ran away
2..Liberate POK before the next ellection.
what's the point of protesting for too long
Shame on them.Keep away.
Real winners are America and China, Not the idiots celebrating these Reforms being dropped.
This is murder attempt
boycott modi
Supporting those company, ologoko desh se vagao.
I don't know why I'm here but when I hear  about this then  me means india youth opinion is that the bills which was passed by government is right because these bills is all of our country and now why the farmers are protesting but on the other side farmers also right and one of the side government is ALSO right then what was the propoganda on this I don't know
Hathras Sonar Uttar Pradesh 
The Opposition party members suspended was unconstitutional , obviously BJP speaker and BJP will do everything to stop discussion in Parliament. It's a failure of Democracy in India
Master stroke will come in the results of UP elections & finally in 2024..
Then why you people voted  For Modi??
Shame on indian media
Pakistan has been slave of west for getting paid to keep the ISI. Cia had a base in Pakistan and in returned they got paid for it.
Mahander(Rakesh Naresh)note done
If mandis have not succeeded wherever implemented then why continue with the same model?
Some courage she got.
We already seen many dangerous disease caused by virus and bacterias, many had dies since 1970- 1990- 2000, ...example: Calra,Denggu,Polio and many more...those were more dangerous than Covid 19...but the world had no caution and no stupidest restrictions like wearing mask because that era unlike present day which with advance digital technologies like smartphone,QR code,Wifi ,Internet ,Facebook ,
Anyway I don't understand or my IQ is dropping I dunno.
Insolance of power surrendered before the humility of farmers. Non-violence of farmers once again proves it's Mahatma Gandhi's land.
Cost of cultivation also increase 4 times
Information is key to sucess !!! Unfortunately nobody keeps their videos simple clean with clarity . Until I saw your channel . Keep up your good work. Well explained video straight to point not taking sides .
BJP Govt is Destroying Democracy & Constitution. When Farmers r Opposing their 3 Bad laws & then why BJP Govt want to impose on them forcibly without taking the permission of all States. 
God bless all Farmer
Times now is also sold like abp news, zee newss, and aajtak .. RIP TIMES NOW
Ironically the Nation Lost, but people Won. Phekus loss or gain is irrelevant. He only himself to complain about.
 Khalistanis in the disguise of farmers is not farmer agitation.
Shame on him and his Party
Thank you
If violent mob attacks you, what one will do, garland them. These are not farmers, these are there to just create violent situation
I can just laugh on these fellows..... I have lost all respect for these fellows
Congratulations to all farmers 
~By lovely friend 
Farm law was passed without discussion and repealed without discussion,what is the used of Members of Parliament?.why not let Modi alone sit.
*Honest Farmers, who actually had physical produce, will remain free of this rut.* 
Modi is our fathet
These are goons disguised as farmers.
Did they watch Mars attacks? Because they are using the same tactics.
Not an   
Appreciate the withdrawal of farm laws  by our PM & His team  .. what ever their motives may be  now.  If it was done earlier it could have saved many lives.  We also appreciate if he and his team enhance the EPS(EPFO) pension for all the concerned pensioners which is pending from a long time.
and the day so much near by already govt started digging every life now and then 
Modi is a fascist who is destroying India by hurting minorities
When rioters wielding swords and spears attack police and destroy property, they should be shot dead not pacified and allowed to regroup.
The Indian Military & Intelligence departments know how to avert and protect the Nation from any kind of threats to National Security.We as Indians have immense faith on our Solders & Intelligence departments, so we are not scared of any eventualities. No matter how much the opposition political parties from within and enemy Countries from outside try to disrupt peace and stability in India, they would not be successful come what may. The evil desires of the enemy both from within and without will go in vain before the resolve of its people and Military......Jay Hind.
We waned to know the scenerio.thank you sir
Correction: Ran Over not Ran Into.
MSP = minimum support price not minimum selling price maam kindly correct it
No farmers will come.
That's how aspirants deceive interview panel. Good case study to introspect for UPSC..
The Congress & Leftist Roaches averse to the Modi Govt have been resorting to LIES & PROPAGANDA To MISLEAD  FARMERS into believing that the 3-Farm-Laws are  against their interests. 
Why they all are crying now when the laws are taken back?
They are from all the parts of India .
In retail you have Spencers ( recently acquired natures basket ) and Dmart apart from reliance .. 
Really the greatest democracy Hero Rakesh Tikait
Modi repeal 3 Farmers law immediately.Bow down to democracy.Nothing wrong
Peaceful and resolute protests defeated fascist arrogance. Next is CAA/NRC.
CANADA  HAS BECOME THE PLACE FOR SEDITIONISTS OF INDIA- ALL FOR VOTE BANK - THE MORE WE ARE FLEXIBLE THE MORE 
Where is Peng Shuai? Boycott the genocide Olympics
Wth i just saw im f furious as shit. Are these farmers or dome goons. They don't deserve to be treat like farmers but like some inhumans. These congress and liberals have corroded all of our mind. Why it is not popularising.  Because half of the nation is asleep and half is against bjp.
Please print the tshirt with quote "Stay mad that's the only way"
"WE WANT CONGRESS BACK"
ek toa ye log modi ki announcement koa sunte nahi bara bar aur muu uthake aa jate hai, modi clearly said he is not happy with decision of repeal the law but now farmers are not understanding they have to repeal.
Moga city  de Police thane de bahr 
Well said Rahul Gandhi in fact pm should vacate his office more than 700 farmers died due to this farm laws . He must be held responsible
Because farmers market and freedom for price of grains decrease and poor farmers can't against any decisions , farmers laws only for richest man or business men 
Tell only about the kishan bill, do not explain what is saying the kishan or opposition leaders.
Ultimately bjp govt is in benefit, it was good for farmers ....
pta to chale vahan ke local kya sochte hai
In gunde MPs ko punished sternly&  sacked.
WOW I LOVE THIS CHANNEL ...., REAL NEWS ! Strong WOMEN ~ made me think about how AFRICAN WOMAN WERE THE WARRIORS !
What a F****** Shame
Do u know al economist and expert supported farm law.
FROM THE ENGLISH LYCEUM: A TRIBUTE TO  AN INTREPID GENTLEMAN & SCHOLAR ,  SHEKHAR GUPTA.  Sir, my humble contention, however acrid: You speak what you write, and  for writing, you need  strong  grounding in English grammar and a stock of 2000 words that are recited by you every day. Gesticulating of hands so frequently will abate considerably, and your talk will be more  intimate.  I am at your beck and call for a demonstration class for you and the members of your staff.                                                                                                               The books exclusivity:
Most others states do not have mandis. So its a win for all.
He is taking stand for innocent Farmers who are protesting peacefully because in Canada it never happened that if people are protesting and they got attacked by the government. At least he has guts to say it openly.
Modi should understand  the importance of declaring OROP now with out any further delay.
This is absolutely shameful
The farmer is a end loser in the current market and he is one commits suicide in the end. 
But he can never cover his true colour for long time
Thanku  you well presented .............
That was you 
A family witch killed thiusands of sikhs is ruling in  pun----.. Thanks to loyal pets.
Raise ur Voice People, They were killing our Democracy..   Really Unhuman Act 
Choukidar chor  jasoos 
Kya hamare pm jhuthe nahi Bolte Jab Doosare P M the to bol rahe the petrol DijaL mahaga ker diya
Modi has raised his stature by repealing the laws and being honest as to why has to do so.The unholy  combination of various vested interests proved too strong in terms of financial resources to finance protests.These interests are basically anti national  and should be destroyed in due course. Till such time Punjab will be siphoning off incomes from other states and destroy their own environment.
Agale election se Pahale 370 restore keliye tukada gangs and supporters.
Can India Today tell how much APMC earned in last 3 years ??. Especially in Punjab and Haryana.
Very good reporting..... Thank you and keep yourself safe.... BBC must take care of their senior journalists.
White jhuth
Mr Tikait needs to go to Afghanistan to really experience the Taliban ! He'll then realise how lucky he is to live in this country !
Ppl should explan farmers ...which is good for farmers...
They complaint about current condition of Farmers and don't want reform..what is this hypocrisy 
RSS is next Talibaan if not stopped.
Instead of advocating law why don't you put your view on its advantages.
If someone doesn't agree with this reform, then they can still use the existing practice.
Not good Yet the farmers will still loose for a fair price who  will be left in the hands of middlemen hoarders and corrupt politicians who will control the price. The rest of the farmers of India were so happy that they got a better price for their crops and accepted the agricultural laws. Leaving only Punjab farmers under pressure from middlemen and foreign funds to protest who were not even paying tax and controlled the price. Shame
ROOT RAILWAY TICKET AVAILABLE
Tarek Fatah sab love and respect for you....God keeps you healthy 
Where they r in majority they do not have any problem where not ,seculism in danger
I'm your big fan but you always come up with a reason for being late.... 
Please bjp hatao desh bachao
Protest and  lives of people doesn't matter to him 
Farmers opened the real face of Corporate PM Modi who talk too much not work for people and farmers problems  Modi is big disaster for Indian people same like Donald Trump in US 
Sorry to our hardworking farmers 
Shanta kumar have done survey in AC room. Not on ground level
Shut the mosque or madrasah down where this Maulana Mohammad Ayyub preaches hate crime .. 
Who  fight  against   BJP  government ?
What about 700 farmers lost the life? Election coming.
Sari butchery ek  tarfee
Been more tham s year... When will this end and we'll get justice
Good decision, people are fool who believe in these three bills
Farmers - dismiss it otherwise we will destroy indian property as it costs nothing and we will ruin republic day which meant a lot respect to India
    wars and gun fights;
I am so happy that the common man in India has triumped over those who would convert India to a system like that of the US where large corporations control the farming.  We have suffered an increase in childhood and other diseases because the corporations are more concerned with their bottom line than they are with the health of our citizens.  And I congratulate the farmers of India for making that dog Modi back down!
Greatest leader ever in indian history
Being a indian I am very proud that our farmers getting so much respect after  throwing our NATIONAL FLAG - Tiranga
America to world:- We are powerful, Super power country.
Person should have guts to talk infront of conference.
Life of Modi. His announcement of
I have seen closely power of conspiracy....
ye sab murders hai agar wo politician hai to wo murderer hai 
That's  Taj
Salute Indian farmers 
The rakes, shovels, tractors, and pitch forks are all coming alive
Islam allow only autrocities and harassment. Is this peaceful Islam, this is how they are promoting peaceful religion. How on earth???
We are not protesters.
Zee news bakched hai
this will only and every farmer market will sell as much the same , middlemen will do the same trader subsequently same thing corporates will play near future as any role under them 
And there is a subject in upsc called ethics
2)removal of intermediaries
BJP is already a Terrorist s and Militant party so if his party is Taliban then what happens?
These criminals are hiding the truth
This is the value of human life they believe. What a tragedy !!!!!
please review the new hrd minister's degrees and academic background
MSP should be a legal rights.
all the weapons and horses are symbol of khalsa panth
Farmers mauled over by BJP vehicle : True; shown by The Quint : Yes
People in Pakistan assaulted 4 women. Made them walk naked on streets.
Middle man are going to gain and  real  Farmers are the loser. 
Asaduddin Owaisi - Please remember, Yogi will not be the Chief Minister always. Modi will not be the Prime Minister forever. We Muslims will not forget your injustice. We will remember this injustice. Allah will destroy you through his strength. Things will change. Who will come to save you then? When Yogi will return to his mutt and Modi will retreat to the mountains, then who will come?"
I feel very sorry for Indian citizen when you have people in the government telling people do more crime and you will be in the government high position after you come out of jail very shame for BJP
When goons of Muzaffarnagar riots run a state, nonsense is bound to happen, everyone knows that a certain someone dismissed cases against some people.
Print is nothing but Andolanjeve as PM categorized them .. Andolanjeve makes their living by doing protest. They are nothing but organized PR to protest, to pull crowd, its an organized industry. And these people are part of it. They even can't have a open debate on Farm lawa
Anyone if don't know, farmers won!
Instead of asking is our govt deaf and blind ?
This is very good encouragement for farmers growing pulses and oilseeds. It will help farmers shift from paddy & wheat to alternate crops.
Government ka hamesha andhbhakt ban ke saath dena is not right and also hamesha government ko criticise karna bhi achi baat nahi.. And you are totally unbiased nitish bhaiya 
NDTV please don't be Goohi Media
Congratulations
Agenda for the up elections
This farmer movement is an historic event and history is always written by blood!!
d)  Farmer can only sell the agri yields to the apex body at the price calculated by apex body based in particular with pricing policy adopted for other products of market. It is note worthy that pricing policy needs to be only one for home market covering the total nation. 
Nearly 700 farmers died in this  .... hope people will remember this during election... yes ,a new beginning should be done by giving our nation to a good leader ......
Stool mantri
Wat a hopeless government........ farmers are our back bones.....not ambani or adani......treat them respectfully 
If only more debates were like this lol  
Since BJP took over india  they are taking back to india in 10th century
It is nice to see that a publisher named "Hindu" has remained objective. While other medias like aaj tak have become properties of Modi
I am with rights of everyone. But in this case, farmers are being unnecessarily and unfairly phobic and dismissive.
They are hoisting Khalistan flag in place of our dear National flag. Such a shame to support them. Shame on NDTV.
Not like some 5 cr 7PC employees who gets Lakh+ salary 
Thanks sir, You let me understand very well about MSP
Much needed act. If you tear guru Granth Sahib your head should be chopped. This is what guru gobind Singh Ji Taught us .
Back of this movement is true journalists# hatts of # THE RAVISH KUMAR
Watch 4 lions (2010) movie ( Islam in a nutshell) Dark comedy
Chant Hare Krishna & be Happy 
_Global Covid-19 data analysis indicates every 250th person on the planet been infected by the virus_
Itna lack caror rupy kharcha krne se acha sirf 139 caror me apna kam ho jata india ki population 136 caror hai sab ke account me 1 caror daldo
2. How will these laws incentivize farmers to move to other crops?
There will be Famine , if it continues like this... govt should do something... Sowing of grains is about to come 
I seriously have become disillusioned with opposition in India.
I dont think it can get airborne though
#Farmers_Protest
This is not how  the democracy works.
Please all Indian people's are support  to farmers ..
And those who are blindly supporting these protestors, can you imagine what common people are suffering through daily? 
Good work Farmers  good new's chanal good work
Pulis wale madrcoh h
The BJP in India has a problem that can only be solved by spreading hypocritical nationalism and racism in Pakistan and China. The Indian public consciousness has changed so much.
Shame on Bollywood
I Am Thankful Of BBC
I don't know why I cried seeing the thumbnail...!! 
There is no shortage of power
BJP will not do because they know vote bank politics of Hindu-Muslim...
Reporter did not act as independent reporter. He was not supposed to act and ask questions in this manner. I condemn his conduct. He has acted in a biased manner while asking questions.
In most corrupted,polluted infected communal anti farmer country in the world,God Jesus died 4 ur sins n arose frm tomb on the 3rd day,trust Him u r sure in heaven.c Easter in google.
These laws r  like this.
    - - (Flag of Sikh)      // ( )
Thank you so much sir 
May this country overcome all the difficulties its going though !
Can we have less of the Gandhi family please?? 
I hate his face .... Poker face
Correct sir thanks
RSS should name terrorist organisation
Some farmers must have experienced the benefits of MSP and laws. Now with this withdrawn they will see the impact.
Modiji can't just guarantee msp .... What a shame for pm
Charcha nahi hai. sir ji yahan 20 lac people are sitting on the border of delhi
wow, hats off to the punjab farmers .........GOD BLESS THEM
That's called a true news 
Beautifull, great work farmers!
Comedian trying to earn is devil stomach in partnership,simple.Vir das who lost his saving in 26/11.
Now, the States are competing to get more allotment of vaccine from the Union Govt based on their performance !!
All your lectures are interesting and upto point, I have learnt a lot just in past few days. Keep growing and guide others 
More than 600 innocent lives sacrificed.
Better ask forgiveness for the lives lost in this struggle,which u cannot give back ever.
a happy news three days ago farm laws are cancelled
Not a logical move from bjp when the threat of china still looms
According to my opinion, as I have spent one year as a visiting professor at one university in Haryana, the main problem is the private trading at the wholesale market, and the entry of the big corporations in agriculture, which the farmers do not like as they are afraid about their future. The wholesale market must be in the hands of the Government, FCI  should extend the minimum support price for all kinds of crops, food, and non-food. There should be new investment by the government to build new storage facilities, more irrigation for the whole of India. This is the European Common Market agricultural policy and it is successful. India should not follow the American system. The problem in India is that most economists want to follow the American system, which is not a success. They call the introduction of the American system as Reform.
nother murderous party TMC worse than Taliban
Remove modi from india because sold all india to Coopurates
They still have not been able to arrest the alleged actor Deep Sidhu. 
SP Congress are also murderous
government of  India distroy the fundamental rights of people's
New india why....... 
My brother(Ola drivers cum owner) was making 1lakh plus earnings per month in 2015 now become 30k-40K per month
2) Was he going to double the income by giving guarantee to the farmer?
Thanks sir for raising this issue.
Tikait has destroyed chances of job creation in rural areas by his agitation to 3 farming Bills. Like his father he will criminalize rural areas.
SDM  has the power to  do  whatever required for maintaining law and order , if so  called  farmer create violence then  reply will  be given in  violence. he has said right
Amit Sengupta, you sound nice!
Very disciplined people ..........
8. Spirit Soldiers rebellion against private warlords 1926.
So it was intentionall violence
Mota bhai simple Business he corana me 100%chalta he ek bar dekhke to aavo
If this man knows how and who is making money , he should go to the police and report .
The government doesn't care at all for the public opinion  they say this help will gain more profit for farmers and for us in the coming 5 years or 10years 
Justice for ssr disha
Such a SHAME.
boycott these with China  and khangress.
Thank u so much....
22 or 23 crops???
#8___ #8___ #TakeBackFarmLaws #IStandWithFarmers #FarmersAreNotTerrorist
Rakesh Tikayat,& Chaduni both are Haramkor, Dalla, Gaddar, Deshdrohi, Anti-National. They are interested only in Money. If they continue Andolan the will get Bribe from Congress, Khalistani, Leftists, Aap
Driver- innocent
This is not the way to beat themto blood atleast to old farmers
Shekhar we are happy to contribute but let us hear some good things about Hindustan and build a strong narrative of Hindustan. Not against the establishment or government. You support people and media who are anti nationals like Rahul Gandhi, likes of Mulayam , tajaswies , mayawatis , captain amrinder etc. This is not good . Give a good narrative of strong Bharat/Hindustan.
Thats it
2 month ton thand ch baithe lok ni dikhde tuhanu
Mandis have created LAZY MIDDLEMEN and LAZY BOOTLEGGERS....they will NEVER allow EASY MONEY to get blocked.
Happy Republic day 2021
Modis time has come to resign and let Yogiji take over! We are fed up with his appeasement politics.
Boycott  all tex
This is too much same on u  all current  party..
Bhai mere friend ne bola k crypto currency ban hae india mae???
Watch it in 2x speed you will hear clearly and fast fast 
Gandhi and other good hearts saved from British
Agriculture..is the part and parcel of indian culture...JAI..KISAN..
Opposition ko bs instability chaiye, progress se to lena dena nahi h
As I have heard from many farm economist , there are very scarcity of water labels in specially in punjab and haryana
Real farmers in field s  , Rakesh tikayat making election stunts in up  by planning  Prashant kisore
I live in America  but Im on the side of the small home mom&pop   farmers this is how these ppl live THIER way of life.ITS ALWAYS THE BIG CORPORATION THT WANNA COME IN PRIVATIZE STUFF CUT THESE PPL OUTTA THIER HARD WORK LAND AND MONEY  ITS JUS WRONG KEEP FIGHTING FARMERS!!!!
Thnkx sir
Very well explained.
Farmers are being cheated wake up Indian farmers so sad 
One and only reliable news source ..... thanks sir 
Mr. GOODI can't come outside delhi till the ELECTION .BELIEVE ME.
Thank you for explaining it . It's really good 
Don't call them farmers. They are paid gundaas of opposition. They r not protesting but disturbing economy and functioning of state govt.
farmers had attacked the convoy with stones, and that one of his cars overturned as a result, crushing two farmers. Angry farmers then attacked and killed his driver and three BJP workers travelling in the convoy
I would like to know if any industry faces the same odds 
Download our app - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.studyiq.android
We support Farmers. Farmers feed us food. Farmers now protest for every Indian and Indian's future. Protect our Farmers from Sanghis.
This is not any victory, but big loos to future of India.
This channel should be banned
I think that u are not normal teacher,, u already qualified IAS EXAM,,,  YOUR WAY OF TEACHING IS SO FANTASTIC,, JUST I CAN'T EXPLAIN,,,,, SALUTE SIR FROM SHAURYA VERMA
Hate and studpity are bad and dangerous combination. Feku followers are so brazen with their ignorance they lost the ability to differentiate right and wrong, they are so engrossed in hated and in racism and into all that letting Feku and his Gang get away with loads of atrocities
well, the taliban defeated USA, they should just walked over to pakistan
markets they collect both  from seller and buyer each 8.5% . These new 
Don't leave any body in da dirty riots of Delhi on 26th January 2021. Bloody goons, anti nationalist.
As layman I have been listening these debate for a long with both who in support and in oppose
These are reform orientated Farm Laws.
Why new beneficients vs old beneficients debate while the debate should be efficient use of resources to improve farmer income?
Option A
What more to expect from Indian police : pets of ministers.
This farmer are so scared .they know if they will march to sandad bhavan then what if
I'm from India and this BJP government is not good for indian democracy
kisan itne nalle nai hote ki 2 months tak bethe rahe, mere gav me toh kisan khus hain iss 3 law se, delhi border par bethe kisano me kisan toh 20% hi he, baki toh congressi gunde, bicholiye,modi virodhi he, kisan Union ne khud kaha ki unki rally me koi bahar se log aa gaye he, 
How could India government let this happen. I am so sick to my stomach.
The news zindabad
Now  supreme court entry in  politics
Everything kept a side, so this the power of Article 19 of constitution.
Samdish, why didn't you ask any of the farmers about masks? We're you afraid?
COOK OIL 165 DALI112 PETROL 98 GOVT BJP HAI .GDP 5 TRILION HO GAI
I was very confused but after seeing you video I have no doubt, THANK YOU!
SUCH A FAKE PROTESTERS HAVE NO IDEA WHY THEY DONT WANT THE BILL.
Will begun ha ha ha     this is india today english standard 
All the profit is gonna go to USA and its shareholders lol you Hinduz are selling your own land to USA .
Display of Sikh power
India is a Dictator country.
Secret news leaked "tikait & anti BJP deal of 5 crore was made and upto now tikait & some farmers leaders received 4 crores"
Mam plz tell the right ansewr in next video.
What if that farmer who died was your family member/s??? 
Indians stands with farmers... Modi's bill only for corporates
Proud to be Bihari 
Theyll end up crashing it anyway
We will never forget this you deshdrohi
How the journey of success start 
Thanks 
It is delicate issue to be planned with  the some time to time examine to enable to get succeded.
Rather than protesting, Change the elected Party. Problem solved.
Rahul Gandhi Zindabaad, Satya ki zeet. Come one Come All To Congress, Long Live Congress
Such an embarrassing situation for India as a country. The GOI is weak and doesn't hold the capacity to carry out their promises. Farmers of 1 or 2 states have decided the fate of all the farmers in India. What a horrific situation.
This is the best explanation... Thank you so much mam 
Yeh acha... Clearly he belongs to mafi gang
The most unimpressive PM of the world lives in India haha.
Turning off the cell services to distrupt the protest..........
Why is Rajdeep not talking about these so called farmers who were wearing Bhindranwale shirts? Which farmers were Bhindranwale supporters? This is all a ploy to create instability in country!
28 September 2020 ko ... thanks sir ji hamare liy Etna mehnat krne ke liye thank you so much 
Bhai you are really rocking
Central government should think about farmers(kissan), not about Mukesh ambani or adani(business class).
Farmers are so uneducated they don't understand
JAI shree Ram bolo Jai shree Ram bolo Jai shree Ram bolo
Told you I will make ypu bow
BJP has completely failed our nation, chaos everywhere..
Jaise demonization per chrcha ker Kiya tha..Jaise lockdown GST etc.
May god save them
Dirty minister ashamed of himself
This farmers protest will bring down the modi government, The government should stop showing favouritism to Adani and Ambani. This will be BJP'S Waterloo. Mr.Modi is very much required to be in the center as we have two hostile neighbours, China and Pakistan, only Modi can Stop them. So please solve this Farmers protests ASAP , drop all the EGO and find a solution with these so called Farmers. If they don't farm then there will be a shortage of Food.
Jay jawan Jay kisan we stand with farmers
Spains top court rules to remove Catalan chief from office over banner that called for the release of imprisoned separatist leaders, was displayed on a public building ahead of 2019 general election
Sir 1st point Ali state to state selling ge permission ela Andre some farmers eglu foreign ge export madta edare edke yav laws apply agutte
The farmers are also FEDLIES  that demonstrators are dying in the protest while the government is simply watching over.
 And they are barking about TLP Protest in Pakistan.  Beta pehlay apnay ghar ki khabr lo phir bahir muh maaro.
America's message to the world: After sacrificing the human rights of Afghan women we will focus on human rights of people in Xinjiang China
PHIR TUM KEH RAHE HO SHAANT RAHO TO CHARCHA KARENGE!!!!
But it is well known fact that this bill was supportive for small farmer and was loss for rich farmers
Jay javan jay kisan thanks to gov to accept the people requeat 
BJP govt has no fault the all fault is of Andbhakts who blindely follows them. 
Farmers are not stopped to sell APMC then why so much opposition
Not a single neta or big news channel discussing about this topic
Next what? Again imposing Article 370 in Kashmir ? What about NRC, CAA ?
It has been observed that some persons have more than enough allergy to congress and they seem to be living in dreams.When the issue is that of farmers they talk of congress as they are more than enough sticking to certain party may be beneficiaries of this partyHalf knowledge not knowing that state government has passed resolution to Governor who is sitting on it.
These protests have fizzled out. These farmers cant tell what is wrong with the laws except that they want the new laws taken back. These protests are by vested interests and only around Delhi by Punjabi and UP rich landlords. There are NO such protests in west, east or south India.
Buddhe .. agr raato raat nhi aaye to.. unhe implement krne ki scheme hoti hai koi sarkar ne pehle desh bech diya corporates ko abhi agriculture sector bhi bechh de
Thank you   very much it was very helpful
Akash. Looks like Pappu loves your standard. Modi is brilliant. No worries. U keep on earning YT money. Lol. U love it. I know. Wink wink 
Taliban has there own Islamic way of Democracy like presidential System of Our Caliphate Abu baker , Omer, Usman & Ali 
Very helpful for video sir..
#BoycottJio
Why are the borders being sealed? If the government can pass a law, atleast let those that are most impacted protest! You can't have your way in all situations!!
But, but, but... Bill Gates has come to help them. How is it that they're not happy?
The  MSP  of the produce  shall be  fixed by  taking  all the aspects  into account  in raising  such crop
fir kahin act of god bol k kahin msp mana na kar do aaplog!!! constitutional duty hote hue you have denied gst compensation (14% increment alag se hota) . "co-operative federalism ". sorry if my comment hurts anyone, but economy pe dscussion hona important hai abhi. agriculture is doing good in this pandemic but cant help much gdp wise . package lao msme bachao sir. warna k sahpe recovery se only achhe paise wale bachenge. logo k opinion ko padhiye and suniye.all newspaper cant be against you .
6. Opposition requested the bills to be put forward to a select committee. The chairman denied them that opportunity, again against the rule book.
B. K. Nayak has given  27th September 2020 in the book, now in this situation, who would we consider to be correct.
Bro we want Bilingual language explanation i.e(Hindi+English)
This is the best researched documentary on the Green Revolution
Now farm bills are up to states matter. Both Congress, local party ruled states and BJP ruled states will modify the bill and implement as per their needs, time and context. Ultimate victory has to be for producer. Its a bill demanded to ruling government irrespective of its party. Till then Agriculture reforms will keep on coming with re-packaging.
These actions make some people still doubt farmers intentions.
Both party are  chutiya parties
Very unfortunate. What is required improving Agriculture and rural India.
Shameful BJP government
   B. the punjab licensed commision agents (who are mainly punjabi sikh jat caste landlords )who get 2.5% 
HAHAHAHA GEO FARMERS  Love you from Pakistan 
Nawaz laundary show the both sides of anything
    1.1 price assurance ? Prices established in advance through a legal agreement to protect them from pvt orgs .
Nobody believes Fekujeevi except for Bhakths! Fekujeevi you better pass law regarding MSP as quickly as you passed those 3 black farm laws!
Guptaji, stop hypocrisy. If u agree to laws as reformist n good for Indian farmers then why  not talk against all who opposed it? 
	Credit subsidy.
This channel is the most bullshit news channel on earth, you get ridden  a vehicle on your family member and what you expect yourself to sit and clap drivers good deed pathetic brainless journalism covering false things tellin see the violence on both sides.
6) As onions, pulses been removed from essential commodities there are chances of black marketing.
This is anything but transparent  media
Plz make sure that all govt companies run properly with new jobs in it, without disturbing the capital n share holding..
In science theres a saying if your ideas are good but if you cant communicate them properly then your ideas are worthless. Government should seriously think about coming up with infographic presentations before an important bill. Im sure same miscommunication will happen with one nation one election.
in 1947 they left us homeless, in 1984 they took our lives away, today they try to silence our voices but we only roar back louder inquilab zindabad
Hats off to Formers ...they are warriors..Bjp allowing India moving towards capitalism...this is not good for country....
Now just forget caste based reservation reforms.
Good content.Missed marginal and landless farmers in Raithu bandhu (Telangana).Better information flow and storage & market facilities may give anticipated results..
Its no dangerous to gather in large numbers. Lockdowns dont work
Railway exam date p
Will Rakesk Tikait or any other farmer leader take responsibility if a Pregnant Woman fails to reach Hospital on time or if someone's Family Member or their Pet animal in critical condition dies in ambulance? 
Taking law in hand, now face the consequences.
Why is a committee needed? The murder and act was clear and straight forward, what's the committee going to find out now?
Finally a good decision by the government
200 farmers die. Liberals: oh let's focus on women
India breeding ground of covid-19. China the source.
B active
First
And it is all about happened due to politicians,they seem like that they are not human being
Shame on them...behaving like this & especially on Republic Day such a SHAME.
Mr ankit I challenge u on this debate u r mould by fake news by  gvt propeganda I bet u as normal farmer
Dr. Vijay Paul sharma
_Moderna says Covid Vaccine Effective Against UK, South Africa Variants; 6 fold reduction in antibody levels was observed with the B.1.351 variant but levels are thought to remain above what is required for protection against Covid-19_
We are all Indians support farmer 
Great Propaganda Machinery
Miss you Punjabi bhaiyo , love from Haryana 
Its all done to fill the locker of Ambani. jio mart advertisement is the only one popping out for every Google search.
absolute power corrupts absolutely
Deep Sidhu is a loyar he is augicated
Please make a video on building tax...what are the benefits and why are we paying
Thank you .. watched at X1.5 
If there is no farmers no food  nobody can work than no business no companies no cities  nothing can work without food how can modi forget he eat when farmers grow work hard  shame on modi
Great video, articulately explained. I'll like to add something which has not been covered in the video: protestors against the farm laws have been raising a matter of legalizing MSP i.e. asking for Govt to make it illegal for anyone to buy below the Minimum Support Price which will be above the equilibrium price. 
What is rule if rulling party do it then it is called rule if opposition do it then tgey are anti-national, this matter goes to the president but what President do, he is Supreme leader & also called head of state & keeping the constitution & democracy live but the president nothing do , its our democracy & freedom, its the fault of President, its the starting of fault which is assent by our President & it will happen in future then why the india need President, I don't know....... 
No idea about farm laws but  demonitization was also not brought overnight.  Let's hope this doesn't do disaster like his older brother demonitization did.
Modi and Amit Shah should resign. It's a shame . Second riot in delhi
Wah ri government.
Good job done by priyanka ji..congress was always an educated and literate politician ..bjp is full of sadak chaap ..mawali type leaders..with no civic sense and education only they know how to bark like a dog on street
Power of FARMERS 
Salute to all the farmers
13) The farmers simply rejected every offer for a clause by clause threadbare discussion & were trying to dictate to the Govt! Their attitude was "My way or Highway"! Clearly, they were never interested at all! Now that people are against them & they are fearing a backlash, they are saying "violence never solved anything & they are ready for talks". Get lost! The time for discussions is gone!
These are brokers/middle man mostly concern about there cuts.
BHARAT KA AK HI PADOSI SAMARTHAK THA AFGANISTAN AB WO BHI GAYA CHARO TARAF JITNE PADOSI SAB DUSHMAN MODI YE TUNE KYA KIYA.        AB KYA TALIBAN KA DAR DIKHAYEGA HINDUO KO 
Justice for Rabiya
BJP people top to bottom ready tell lies haryana BJP CM is also not exceptional
Connect the dots of Shamibagh demonstrations RepublicDay riots and the  present  Lakmipur  violence One can easily surmise  and get the answer
BJP is the Nation.
Aur yeh leaders inko hi apas me larwa rhe hai
Modi and Shaw either do not understand or are deliberately helping the traders and the corporate owners by privatizing everything. In a corrupt environment, Punjipatees will become infinitely rich after eliminating the small professions/professionals the corruption, greed and fear in the system will help in exploiting the corporate employees and workers to no limits. They will use greed/fear, reward/punishment tactics in hiring/firing and controlling salaries of their employees. They will exploit the self desire for existence to the extent that a PHD scientist may be forced to work as a Clark and a janitor may be hired as his boss. People will destroy each other while fighting for their existence in order to make their monthly payments for medical, vehicle, home and retirement insurances, house tax, state tax, federal tax, house mortgage, vehicle payment and on top of that the fear of losing job, breaking marriage not being able to pay for their children education will remain every second they live a life of slavery. That is the future in a corrupt system where politicians will have to beg the corporate owners for their existence and the corporate owners will keep on doubling their wealth every year regardless of what happens. This is the extreme picture when corruption, fear and greed exists in the  society to extreme limits destroying the freedom and democracy of the country. Wake up Rashterwadio it is already too late drop your religious differences and save your childrens future. It's in your hands today and farmers are showing you by protesting and fighting for their future existence!!
Homage for the martyrs
Supreme court works like pupet of modi
 His opinion on spinelessness of Modi as compared to a robot like MMS and LB Shastri is preposterous. Yes Bajpaye was a tall leader and great orator.   His middle-path and  policy was against National interest. When Kargil happened armed forces were not well equipped as stated by the then COAS VP Malik. 
please realize we are human we want humanity all over the place in world
Those police involved should be terminated...
There are 96 Thousand tractors and 12 million Farmers protesting on the border of Capital of India "New Delhi". Dear World, it's the Longest March in the History of Planet Earth by Farmers for roll back of three laws imposed on them by present "Government of India". Please Support Us, as the "Farmers Produces" are daily three times on your Dining Tables. Indian Media is paid by Agencies and are fabricating the protest. Support Us, in writing the "Most Beautiful Chapter in the History of this Planet Earth". Just forward this text to everyone in your friend circle, this is the only contribution we need from you. 
But why, in the first place, are the international prices low? Because the foreign governments compensate their own farmers by giving them a hefty subsidy. And what else are the Indian farmers asking? Give us a compensatory subsidy if the produce sells below the MSP. Give us an assurance. They want it to be a law - NOT a verbal or written guarantee. They, as we commonly hear them, have had a bad experience with the past promises and the meaning-twisting tactics of the political class.
God bless u 4, for walking for farmers 
This is pseudo terrorist gang which works as a the mask of a Neo-Nazi organisation, which openly propagates bigotry and religious knavery! 
All r there..
6. Closed minded : proud apply shariah law but the people of Afgan are full of conflict, sressful, chaos  live under standar wherease the Atheis countries like japan, china, russia, the people in those countries live prousperly, peace and leading.
A 10 floor building did not have a lift, so people had problem climbing up and down. Specially the elderly and the kids, so the society started exploring options.
1. Reduction in fuel prices in *chillar*
How turn the tables .
BJP trying to damage the Congress in Punjab will only benefit AAP. Both Congress and BJP are better than AAP whose mismanagement led to so many COVID deaths due to lack of oxygen cylinders and who spend so much on advertisements out of Government revenues. However there is no negative comments against them due to fear of AAPTARDS and Dhruv Rathee army.
How will government harm farmers, the government is always standing with the farmers
This is so crazy why farmers are treated like this. They provided food for everyone. With out farmers everyone will starved for food.
New low for media
Can someone explain if as he said, 94% farmers are not using APMC to sell their produce so I believe they're still being exploited regarding pricing as they do not get MSP. So why are farmers protesting if most of them don't use the present services? It seems that he didn't cover the entire situation and there is much more to it that what he's describing here.
Saty kahane me kyon hichakichate ho?
These NDTV is a jaichand 
Thanks ma'am , you are an inspiration.
Conduct elections in Delhi now.. Modi government will push lakhs and lakhs of people for their campaign. But, poor FARMERS cannot protest.
The whole world today is socialist Germany.  The European Union is pure Bolshevism.
Salaa these gundas dont face any action, officers face action for doing duty
We are almost 7 millions haryanvi living in Pakistan Punjab andd sindh provinces
Sikkh jite ge love from Maharastra Marathi people's 
Is it democracy or autocracy 
shorturl.at/lrCDT
Another lie about Bihar as it flourished after apmc abolished. 
Instead of tackling the myriad problems of the APMC system these acts only aggregates and accentuate these. Its akin to replacing a lesser evil with a greater evil. When the government doesn't even want to guarantee(in the form of a law)the MSP on Wheat and paddy what can be said of the other produce.
Most south indian states and west states dint have problem with this law also they knew the benefits of this lawcongress and foreign funding (sick minded ) want farmers to be in a pithole so that they can maintain vote bank by blaming bjp gov tat they din do anytg also no true poor farmer would sit for months in delhi bcs they hav mouths to feed this is all a well planned protest by congress sick ppl
Election ane wale hai kya dimag laya
It's fake farmers
Blinded eyes are now see farmer easily  its called farmer protest
We are India's youngsters and Doesn't let these foolish government to end our democracy
Punish the culprits !
Real art. Historic.
Excellent SKM & Tikait supportive move to resolve Kisan Andolan Agendas in Right Direction.... Zindabad
bjp rss hindutva terrorist sucked 
For example.. if a farmer think selfishly who can culitavate for himself and his family... We never get food please support farmers .
Anchor Sudhir Choudhari you are not dying any debate Petrol. Gas enemploy ment. Etc. you are BJP spoke person. God I media. - Dislike you & Your Chanel
Narendra Modi has already embarked upon diverting Punjab water to other states. He wants to hit Sikhs harder than Indra Gandhi. 
rip fare and lovely  hd glow
Stop calling them farmers they are politically motivated Khalistani terriost
Who protesters are not a farmer they're congress party person. The formers list should be taken how participate in the strick. Real formers can not do strick long time. All protesters list should taken and find real formers.
Thank u
Truth has been spoken. Thankyou Rathee ji
Gov unpe tear gas chode to Achha, aur o kishan ji apne hakk k lia tear Chae to bura, kaha se laaate ho be ye doglapan
Makes no difference to the government
Thank you sir for the video... Irony is very few media houses are covering this protest.
unapologetic bureaucracy with bully govt, we are just their theory subjects
WELL DONE TO THE SIKHS WHO ONLY TALK ABOUT SIKH FARMERS! Modi and his media have played you like a flute  . FOR MONTHS THE GOVT. DID NOT HAVE A WAY OUT. He wanted to divide farmers. He wanted religions to turn on each other. He wanted people to call you Khalistani. You fell for his trap. You gave him what he wanted. This is no longer an Indian Farmer Protest . This is a Sikh Farmer Protest. This is a Hindu Farmer Protest. This is a Muslim Farmer Protest. Guess who loses? The farmer. Special shout out to Lakha Sidhana and Deep Sidhu for helping you achieve this.
Superbly explained 
9. You talk about truth but you yourself don't abide by it
First is the consequence of second one , if government reluctantly to take a ordinance such a pandemic time why farmer not protest !
The farm laws were  good for the small farmers and hurt the middleman and corruption.
Everyone need Food + Clothes + Resident!
so drones are up to see if mischievous activities are taking place in farmers protest.. Why not send these drones over parliment and gujrat to see any mischievious activities taking place there
How you fly a helicopter without any blades?
Regardless of the tense situation and unruly protesters,  such stern instructions to the  Police could invariably force in the untoward happenings.
Madherchod government he
Keep going and collection of social requirements information
Actually ground pe ye hota h jo chhote chhote galla vyapari hote hai  bo khareed k season me sadak kinare yaa gao me lagne bale chhote bazaro me.kisano se unki fasal khareed k further use FCI jaisi agency ko bechte hai aur ye chhote vyapari MSP pe nahi khareedte h generally market driven hota h price wheat rice k case me lagbhag MSP ka barabar rate pe hikhareedte h 50-100 rupay kam pe FCI k direct khareed center har jagah ni hote h aur unhe apni khareed k target pure krne hote h isliye bo in chhote vyapariyo se khareed krti h aur kuchh khareed state ki perchasing agency se krti h aur FCI payment MSP pe hi krti h
NDTV NEWS COVERED THIS BETTER  they have questioned the protesters as well, so go and know the facts please.....
Bjp should be dealt with like polio...a disease to be eradicated once and for all... this should be an opportunity for people to come to a realisation....never bring to power a party with a religion based background...be it any religion for that matter...their prime intention will always be to establish dominance of their religion over others...the welfare of the people is the least of their concern...these mad fascists have caused so much damage to this country since 2014...India has never witnessed this much violence since achieving independence...
Good coverage, time to gauge public assessment of recent events once again
App to sher ho sir
Definitely sir we have faith on you .it is only most important medium through which maximum benefit can be provided to maximum people of India because India is a agriculture dependent country.
All coz of upcoming UP elections....
(Also they thought it could not be seen by including 1 or 2 people of opposing opinion but they could not have the screen for complete 10 seconds even.. just brilliant work
Know democracy is disable...
Shows how difficult it is to bring Reforms in India. 
Much needed action to resist the Taliban menace.. unfortunately the Taliban threat has become a never-ending thing.. surprisingly Afghan govt has miserably failed to better d security arrangements in d la
6. Anti rent war 1845.
Very informative bro nice work
Police is not for public.They are for protection of CHOR netas
These are mother fuckers have no usefull time they have a only job of killing the time
These are not real farmers. Every political party and vested interests are utilizing the protest to create chaos and dent India's image. They are just not able to come up with a counter-strategy to defeat Modi in elections. All they can do is identify idiots and provoke them.
What msp they are asking and for whom they are asking ? Even if the farm produce is below par quality they want government to purchase it what blackmail is this
The bill is to benifit the farmers.
My good wishes with you and study iq for ever.
Please show the whole video , when that is running over the farmers
Modi is wise Abhijit , you should learn from history . Modi did a great job , Sikh is a different breed.
Mamtha bhakthi avasarvadh & pakhand was and always will be the lifeline of this dirty creature
101% agree with her
Hello INDIA to BACK DAYS INDIAN Farmers Narrative 63 Days people Life Tamil Nadu DMK BACK DAYS INDIAN STOP 26 01 2021 ???
Please scarp new farmer law.
Congress lao desh bachav,industry railway bachao
Coupon code - DHRUV20 for all other times
Evm hato desh bachao
India and citizens and people pranav Raj regmi and boy people boys yes citizens pranav Raj
"Reform in India takes place only under compulsion"
1:32 WHY are you show his face!!?
People from JNU should go there and support the women. Where are they now?
Specifically big thanks to nidhi you are awesome brave girl
Choudhary Rakesh ticket 
Actually car was attacked they are just telling half story...political agenda to demean BJP as election is about to start.
Maybe this was done personally by MODI Jis driver 
To kyu bethe ho ghar chale jaooo private corporation se itni hi taqleef h to khud private organisation bana le na chutya panti karte rho bas sale anpadh gawar log kahi se bhi a jate h sadko pe beth jate j
Karma is here! 
Talaban in power is way usa  going keep war on terror going.
I am from Tamil Nadu, I do not know Hindi . Why you not post  videos in English
As I m from south india I don't no what happens in india.....just one or two media talks about it other medias are just asholes and cowards... Atleast u talk about this I appreciate but please make it Viral our government should take action on the minister and his son  
Only punjab farmers are creating nuisance ..Khalistan and Pakistan guys
Ticket kaha ka economic h.  Suspand constable delhi police
What a cm. Bogus
Perfectly explained
Modi gov. Failed everywhere..modi ji only Ambani and Adani agent...jumla.. unemployment increasing.. petrol price increasing day by day...selling everything...modi first failed PM ...shame jumla
It is a question to all of you that why this kind of inhuman incident are done by upper caste people only??
Drama artists fake ghandi
bill passed now they are trying to capture farmers attention for upcoming Elections if they really oppose then why Akali Dal still with BJP.
Kisaan traders are protesting  not actual farmers
Agar Sir Bipin Rawat Cala case nahi hua hota toh sabko aur Khushi hoti Rip legend still cant believe 
Was just here to see how you spin this story around. How do you sleep? You are one of the most shameless journalist world has seen.
He just wants to oppose Modi. 
Mam plzz upload more vedio related to economics , ur teaching style is very good
As  long   as   MSP   and   compensation   for   farmers   assassination    are   written   solved     by   Modiji  teen     go  bck   because   there  is   lack   of   trust   from   govt
farmers end). And at the same time, if mandi agents can be corporatized, or
Globalists want Agenda 2030, people be damned.  "All I want to say is they don't really care about us." Michael Jackson
Thanks sir 
CONGRESS SUPPORTS SDPI,SDPI IS PFI,PFI+ PANNU canada=Congress plan
They offer seed in low price and in attractive name .but when you use once you are bound to use their seed .
Where is NDTV in the scenario of 3 LAKH+ farmer head of households killed themselves. Where are the Ravish Kumar types who are only interested in stories of political victories and defeats.
Catastrophic, political, military and intelligent failure.
Very nice detailing Sir....highly thankful to You...
There are not realize yourself you never understand behind the virus politics all over the world! If you take medicine or not you must be die in one day! 
Horrible face
I dont know why everyone is connecting farmers protesting with this revenge
if this would have been done by a bollywood star,or a muslim... imagine what headlines and strict actions and godi media tamashash would have been made.
State funding on a per-vote basis is a simple solution to remove the root of corruption. It is transparent and it is incentive-compatible. It has been successfully implemented in many countries.
2) apmc khatam nahii hogi yeh bhi government keh rahi hey. Private players ko bhi taxation lagu karne ke liye government agree hey
why afgan army is so lame, OMG
Please cool sir G PAKISTAN
100th day issues coverage ?
12 millions + farmers protect 
5 people killed means in actual 5000 people were killed
MSP= Tax payer money..
2 month tak road pe baithe the....govt should clarify the problem.....govt is responsible....
Such civil servant have no right to be on post.
One of friend he is a farmer from raichur Karnataka.... He used to farm tomatoes and wen he goes to apmc they u used to bid for starting from 10 rupees for 25 kilo... Max to max he could get is 30 rupee for 25 kilo.. So he stop 
Gift? Are u serious?
Where's God, why innocent people always die.
The action should be taken agnest the officer...
In these strikes farmers not involved.  In Punjab Congress led Government sponsored program.
Rally should be in discipline way. Breaking barricades not a solution. It is a bad thing.
God knows what may happen 
Who are you for India  today!! What you did for last 75 years !!!   This is the result which we are suffering today !! The government was on your family and on your hand too..
What about the rest 4
(Ap kese bache...) wow ye koi question  h ....shameful
You guys were Always there for us 
Now I got this.
Our country is deeply divided into more and more ruthless factions having completely opposite views. I am really afraid for our generation!!! 
This is helpful for my preparation, sir!  I am forever grateful.
Sir i am not agree . Politics  ki jeet hai aur real chothe kisanon ki har hai. Sir main problem msp ki thi wo ab bani hui hai
Farm laws are beneficial for farmers.
In India they will not get citizenship or dignified life as liberals and some peacefull gang will start protest and riots .
Those who understand cold chain knows that this is the only future. It's similar to the way that right now air India is sold back to Tata, Indian govt. meddled in many things during 20th century which they shouldn't have meddled with this is one of those thing, APMC just did one thing that's to improve life of few farmers from a specific state.. 
What a real shame for BJP . Barbad janta party
In addition to this, 99 bigger irrigation projects completed under LTIF (> Rs.95000 crore) - Doubling of farmer income irrigation plays an important role, , PM Samman Nidhi (> Rs.75000 Crore), Agril Infra  Fund (Rs. 100000 crore), Dairy Infrastructure Development Fund for Cooperatives, Animal Husbandry Infrastructure Development Find, Fisheries & Aquaculture Fund, Linking of 525 Mandies through e-NAM, Formation of 10000 Farmers Producers Organisation (Per block for direct marketing by Farmers) and Per FPOs more than Rs.25 lakh for formation of FPOs is being given to CBBOs( Arthiyas or tRaders are trying to be a member of FPOs kindly never allow them), KCC interest subvention, PMFBY (Where Ist time Pre sowing expenditure was included in case of no sowing), who will be benefitted from these schemes. Kindly visit all these schemes and then analyse the Govt.
Now Khalistan and (drug)farmers protest makes sense doesnt it? Jai bharat matha. Jai shri Ram. Jai Namo
I like his statements, it's very ruthless, clueless and so funny.
Matlab Match Fix hai 
I AM GLAD SOMEONE IS HERE ON YOUTUBE TO CLEAR THE FACTS.
The farmer protesters are not real farmers.. they are criminals & hooligans. They came to disrespect & destabilize Modi Government.
This is bill is good but I dont know why farmers are protesting ??
Delhi Railway Station par bhi Kisano ko Vote card diye Jaye ge  !
Shame on this fellow
Which tool (Software)do you use for animation ???
In the name of farmer protest they are now defaming India . Such a shame .
Why Youtube disabled Dislike numbers... People need to know how many persons are with their disagreements. Why are the Likes numbers showing up????? This is manupulating the world.  no one to questions their behaviour is what running these kinds of behaviour of Google...Be fair to everyones opinion
His body language says  it all he is lying rip democracy
Mr Trevor Noah 
Sa mate lathi charge...nyay kro to todu jra pn khotu nth
Wishing for Pollution free, Pesticide free (Cancer Free) Indian Agriculture by 2025 with:
This Government is pathetic..can say anything to prove itself right..SHAME
The republic Taliban of India.
29 November ko Khatter Sahab aa rahe hein sab blackmailers ko uthane. Don't worry.
Both China and America are laughing behind closed doors
That's the reality. Enough of this drama
Pehle MSP was there for 25 crops only even before these laws.so will that change if these laws happen ?? 
Why dont you cover broker, how they exploit the farmers in Mandi system.
GHATIYA CHANNEL JHOOTA MEKAAR TO VASA HI ANDER SE KHOKHLA HOTE HA KOI BAAT NHI TUMKO ACHE BURRE DUNNO KA HISSAB DENA PEDA GA YEMRAJ KOI AFVAH NHI HA TUM JESSO KO TO JEMDOOT SEJAYA DATA HA CHAHA TO APNI GITTA HI KHOLKER DEKHLO SUCHAYI KO TO AAP DEBA NHI SEKTA WAHEGURU JI KA KHALSA WAHEGURU JI KI FATEH
Thank u so much 
i think farm laws are a way to empower farmers, the laws may not be perfect as of now but at least their is an initiative. Presence of government agents, middlemen has dwindled the ability of the farmers to grow from a labor to  businessman. some may be exploited but that will thrive them to grow. people in India want to have the same lifestyle and income as rich developed countries like US, Canada but they don't  want to work for it, they want it be handed to us by the government for no extra effort or cost. people need to grow out their mindset best form of governance is self governance.
We lost our heros today who really cares people of our country. These all political liars dont care anyone.
Arbaz Bhai ne bhot ache se samjaya he bhai
Jai Kisan . All Citizens of Bharat with Kisan
Ban communists party in india.  Chinese party ko desh se bhagavo
India also no business with Afghan govt
All support to the courageous farmers of Panjab. God be with you. Win the battle never give up. Fight
What happened that day is an expression of dissent by the farmers who have been peacefully protesting for 2 months and losing their loved ones amid cold and covid. Almost 150+ farmers died in the protest. The government passed the laws amid covid and declared postponing it just days prior to Republic Day for their reputation. They care less for the farmers and more about their image. Police clearly fired unprovoked tear gases to the peaceful protestors and the whole mess began. Thats a ground report ! Protestors were seen distributing water bottles to police and protecting female police from the chaos. Yes they hoisted their Sikh faith flag but whats wrong with that? The National flag was way up higher and untouched and the Sikh faith flag is a reminder of the dissent of farmers who have heard zero response from their democratic prime minister about the farm law protests since day 1 as if pretending the country is well and stablilised. Guess what? The government stopped/slowed Internet services in the capital to prevent the authenticity of the day get out! 
What kind of half shitty information you serve us, please give the full information them blame them( tali ek haat se nahi bajti) dono ka point of view dikhao fir kya bolna ha kya judge karna ha public karlegi woh tera kam nahi ha
It is beyond any understanding, that our Home Minister Amit Shah is putting another pre-condition for talks with the farmers! After so many months of relentless protests of our brave farmers, the government without any positive response till now, how can he put another condition for resuming talks? It is ridiculous from the side of the government to talk like this!
Population control in India is always something decent!
It's a political event
#Supportfarmer #AgainstThisprotest
They are calling the same farmers terrorists who started a 'green revolution' in 1962 Indo-China war and fed the whole country. It's a shame that the one who feeds us, is forced to take his own life.
Please vot for the right candidate or else  our country will be under dectatorship I already feel like that way in case of kangna insted of her if any person in india would said such words for freedom than we know what would happen and please  educate everyone u know the importance of a vote just for a alcohol or a saree  we cannot compromise our life
Farmers are done this for their future  generation.... Congratulations farmer ....Sorry Godi media and adani-ambani
There is MSP on most crops but farmers can only sell 2 crops on MSP right now. 
1.40 "some police were injured" 
I request all the farmers that don't do protest because the government is so cruel...
Sad to see there are so many people falling prey to this news-media's propaganda. I would urge everyone to please go through the former farm laws, otherwise Youtube-journalists like Newslaundry will take you for a ride in upcoming years.
victory for khalastinis, congratulations !!
Absolutely beautiful and truthful explanation sir. Thank you so much sir.
I need your help. Send me plz your mobile number.
You are impartial my a.. Why didn't you mention in your news that Ameeica destroyed 70% of the airport before leaving Kabul. Is this what civilised people do?
Exactly...
Their strategy to stop voters to vote bjp
shame on this news channel
As British Raj alongwith East India company was thrown out of beloved nation.
Thank you
May God bless you all
BJP ministers Car rally at roads will clear highway 
These ppl make so much noise. They should teach manners, how to behave in sansad.
Congratulations lebelars
Not much social distancing or masking. Surely there was a massive rise in cases and deaths after this protest. Surely? No? Interesting.
I thank you from the core of my heart 
Proud of our kisaans who wake up united   n showed true bloody face to shit media n government  country is with u my anndaata
Arrest this titkat or whatever this so called antisocial name is....disguised as farmers leader...he is a FRAUD 
It's accident, followed by mob lynching of the driver, and we dnt punish for mob lynching, it is cool in India..
Salute to all those policemen .
*Those who are not farmers were supporting farm laws without even reading it.*
A grand salute to all our beloved farmers. United we stand, divided we fall.
Combine 3 laws and then analyze it. 
It took One year to understand the issues of farmers. He is either Idiot or is Acting. National waste! He is disaster for India.
I pray someday India will be islamic country...
thank you guys for such an incredible explanation much appreciate your effort for DISCUSSING  FARMERS MAJOR PROBLEMS
Pakistan  with you guys stay strong  wait we send you help soon
Thank you sir. You are the best for modern history . Every exam covers modern history.
Modi dictator, your time is over now, how many you will kill, we are ready to die, we won't let India be china
Arathiyas exert influence like no one else while charging usury interest. 
please repel new farmer bill
Only these people are making fools and doing nautanki.only bothered about votes .
Amazing content . . exposing the fake media
He is democratically elected PM of India ! Modi ki policy pe sawal uthao  , as a person usey target kyu kr rhe? 
Hi people who voted to bjp. Feel great now?
Democracy lost today
There are Thousands of  Tractors and millions of  Farmers  protesting on the borders of Capital of India " New Delhi". Dear World,  it's  the Longest March in the history of Planet Earth by farmers for roll back of three laws imposed on them by present  "Government of India". Please Support Us, as the "Farmers Produces" are daily  three times on your Dining  Tables. Indian Media is paid by Agencies and are fabricating the protest. Support Us, in writing the "Most Beautiful Chapter in the History of this Planet Earth". 
ab kissan ko virodh bnd kr dena chahiye ad go back own homes...spent some time with families..
If hypocrisy has a name then that's BJP !!
this is how u k that the Indian government incapable of anything lol , trying to fight off the Chinese army at the border while having its domestic affairs look at  a shetshow
Nek niyat hoti to chor drwaje se kyu leker aaya tha be jhutler...
Can we get pdf please
For what now??
CAA good for india, NRC and uniform civil code should started soon
Chhote chhote bachon se lekar 85-90 saal k bzurgon tak, they allll are emotionally connected 
In India 75% are agriculturists then WHY this Govt. is not understanding the problems of  farmers?
Allis rabbish
SC should be blamed in a way for this for its comment to govt to clear the roads. Even after knowing that this govt is capable of bloodshed. Did the SC really want this to happen
The same should be done for being an MP/MLA.
Farmers poors Students workers have no idea about the power of Modi...
China purchased India in 2018. Everyone is doom.
Damaged private company telephone tower, which affected common man.
Specially sikh farmers... 
Gurpurab vich good news
56 inch matlab geedar
with FAM
11. Delhi police booked 300 rioters based on jan 26 2021 cctv camera footage and upon delhi court order. But on 6th feb 2021 farmers unions
Like a thriller terrorsts disguised as farmers and with the support of media channels, oppn N Soros fooled the genuine farmers and created unrest, burning public properties, insulting National flag
Congress bhadka rhi h news channel walo sahi m reporting ki h kabhi
    in  Farm laws they will make more lies than reality.
So called university "educated" people and intellectuals need to learn a lesson from farmers. UNITY AND PERSEVERANCE PAYS. If you are united, you can face any difficulty, including the pompous BJP Gov who thought they could roll over the farmers and gift a huge market to their "funding agencies" ... the Adanis and Ambanis of this world. Hey you can all eat crow now!
They are not giving food for free we fucking pay them. Its a job like any other gold smith, iron smith, shopkeeper. Fuck keep your food to yourself only to punjab and haryana farmers. We gonna purchase from uttar pradesh uttarkhand kerala tamilnadu kisan. 
"Modi Government has been wise in cutting their losses and retreat", OMG the completely unnecessary CAA crap that Modi threw on this nation ended with Delhi Burning. What was very wise about that retreat? The Print has lost its mind because of the repeal of the farm laws.
The bills were introduced by the same govt. and after the long protests by farmers,they were forced to return it.How much did you guys get paid by them,godi media?
Come on farmer 
they only want to portray sikhs in the wrong light and give sikhs a bad name, similar to what doordarshan did in 1984!!!  Why havent they showed UP protesters??
why stick to corporates only. even co-operative societies can work with farmers.
Bjp government sucks Balls. And will go to any length to screw the farmers and the common man for the profit of the Rich. We indeed need a Revolution to overthrow this current Regime.
you will be happy to know the laws have been repled
Show off 
supportfarmers !!! modi horrible leadership
Had the government instead of bulldozing this law, referred it to Parliamentary committee or standing committee and then had passed with sufficient debate in parliament this would not have happened and this good law would not have been repealed.
Sach me to hindu khatreme 
Today we lost another information war. Corrupt people succeeded in manipulating farmers for their own benefit.
  .foreign exporting effect,  contract  ,    .
America kehta h to sab jhoot h
Government should have avoided this. This is most unfortunate. There are more people here than at Republic Parade watchers.(25,000) The entire india at confrontation state.  what a mess. For the same 2 people(Adani and ambari), they are sacrificing, the citizens. of india. They are interested people like Malaya, who will one day abscond from the country.
They should have not attacked rather they should have used chappal to beat them.
But why my brother you not one video Kangana Ranaut please one video please bhai your good my hero of you
Why show a BJP supporter as a Political Analyst?
The end of Rakesh tikait career by N D modi
U r right mam
This officer means
Well crafted satarical facts.
This is lawlessness .. shd be sh*t
RAKESH TIKAIT KO EK BAR AFGANISTAN  BHEJANA PADEGA .
Sir please start videos on ancient history..... Your channel is the best
Farmers are not protesting for no reason they know wt is it with farmers laws so only they protested for this long and had wt they want 
They dont have a story yet what happen but they have already decided to turn matter on cast and religion. 
Only punjabi celebrate not Indian's as we don't use drug's and by the way DW Punjab do most of global warming in India hope you support that to
Proud of Sikh brothers.
How come every Indian I know or speak too hates modi?
We have miles to go before it's citizens can sleep. We have to get the two demons out.
Privatisation of agriculture nothing else,
This Music of video is copied from Pakistani youtube channel "Naya Pakistan".Khud bhi kuch bna lo
Watching to get goosebumps again We are ready for sansad now
farmer has to pay 8.5 percent fees( 3% to market yard improvement, 3% to
When Freedom to protest turns into Anarchism..
Islam. Caveman religion
Extremely inferior intellectuals of this country has no solution for any of the basic problems faced by farmers...for last 70 years continuously farmers are being fooled by these criminals....what an irony farmers who grow food are committing suicides but people living in city who have never even worked a day in farmland are enjoying all types of food items.
Daughter of the manusmruti
Now opposition will ask for resignation of Modiji
British raj officials? Or Indipendent Indian officials?
MSP should be farmers basis right against fluctuations . We owe it to them
Buy by BJP
Big bullshit corporation should be talking about COVID in Uk.  The stupid journalist doesnt know the background of issue.  Whole India has formers and only Punjab formers have issue!  Use your head BBC!
There is a difference between doing the right things which strengthens a country, and doing the popular thing. This would be another reason why China was able to grow at over 10%/year when it was at India's current level of development, whereas India can only grow at 7% (often even less). Without deepening market reforms, India is going nowhere. Unfortunately, sensible policies are also often unpopular. Say you try to build a road, and you have endless opposition for years before any work even starts, you have already lost.
   great h bss 
watching 56 inch tv...full jn dhn khataa...new currency notes....gst paid....jio sim..
All Indians are with the farmers hopefully!
Jhoothe ki har baat jhoot hai.
Fuck the supreme court and rss bjp. This is punjab not bihar.
Congress politicians are power-hungry if they are elected the country will sink into corruption again
India is no longer a democracy - the world now knows it is an elected autocracy!
This modii guy is basically Hitler 2.0 lol
Banyiya sarkar wants to exploit each and every cast and religion just to benifit 2 baniyas Ambani and Adani . 
Most helpful session
You are highly biased in your views Mr Khan and that too when you dont have domain knowledge.
5.	Distributives (each, every, either, neither). (Underlined at Page no.58)
Khalistanis is on the rise after Congress and Aap came in power ..
Best PM of India  Modi
Taliban has stopped trade with all countries except Pakistan. .. why do u people more then required importance to such news... dry fruit is not come under basic requirements. ..
"Singhasan Khaali Karo Ke Janata Aaati Hai" - on behalf of the oppressed students,  farmers,  doctors, workers,  artists, minorities  ,the entire lower and middle class of India.we don't knock...we knock out.
But let's wait for his next innovative steps for the welfare of farmers..
Good work by farmers
If I was you I would have said 
Not Abuse and Harass them.  
But some farmers have  lost their life.who is responsible for this
I don't blame them for protesting, the India people and farmers have been treated badly for a long time. American farmers could learn something from this. Farmers of America are being told what they can grow and how much they can grow.
Leaving behind Jinaa Mughal  matter behind bjp must think to provide jobs to Youths, resolve farmers issues, must maintain peace and harmony amongst the communities. Jai Hind Jai Bharat.
This is not a victory of the Farmers.
Report clearly - when the incident take place 
Vir das what said proves here, old minister's don't wear mask.
Shame on Police shame on shame on 
If the APMC ACT, 2003 were adopted by 15 states only. That means the states had the right to choose, whether to adopt the act  or not.
2adthi gst %,?charge how much
Uncle ji tussi Sikh a isliye being respect bt sorry don't stand for d rights of ppl .which right bjp is giving to ppl frm 6yrs ? N stil u r with thm. Aur farmers pe lathi charge k baad b aap bolre ho will sit discuss ab hum alag nai hongay cz lathi aapko nai paddi aur seat pyaari hai . Sikhs ka naam kharab na karre uncle sikhi definitely ye nai sikhati
Sad to hear, he should explain reasons  behind
Mein Abhi Delhi CM office mein hon ,Kisan apne vote card Lete Jana !
Vallabhbhai went to Bardoli for the help of the farmers, one protesting lady called him Sardar
Please do not stick farmer sticker
Honestly.. you'd think actual TV news would have atleast a scruple of sense into them but hell no. USA, India's political ally, is paying the farmer's to cause internal mutiny.. because I don't know.. India is suddenly successful like USSR and there's a cold war between us.
cooking) play important roles. As pre-cooked / tinned / canned food has few
I would appeal to folks like Devendar Sharma to make changes to the Farm bill and put forth a proposal. This would change the discussion from Pro/Against Farm bill to the meat of the matter.
I hope your thoughts on why farmers were protesting is changed after looking what happened since you made this video. They were protesting to get this bills repel. The farmers those who were protesting are those 6% farmers who gets the benefits of msp. It would be great if you had also covered why only few sections of farmers were protesting.
Why can't they protest on somebody's farm? Why do they have to block roads? Baap ka road hai kya?
Another side of the story !!!
Sir You are the best
Another indian mad leader
thank you
This police man got millions from govt. that's why he is licking 
Even patience has a limit. What this stupid Modi govt is trying to do has surpassed everything. It seems even Judiciary is staggering to express itself on many issues of the govt. The only available mode is people's movement to resist the evils.
How to deal with this problem, because in our system, always there are loopholes or lack of interest in implementation
Totally disappoinyed wf govt not taking action after Red Fort attack
Matter of fact is not who is right or wrong , but being journalist you should remain neutral and show both the sides of coins . Let the public decide then . Shame on you for being so biased towards one political party
People who spreads hate should be punished. This guy has no right to desecrate Sikh book. This is Modis hate coming to give results. India will break and Modi is responsible.
Farmer unions themselves saying the protestors are not farmers and anti social elements. Govt should weed out them now
They are here b/c they see a certain death with these laws and so they see no choice but to stay here in harsh conditions. Over 216 people have died while sitting in these dharnas.
We want a video on whole nagaland matter
Farmers should be Categorised, 
well im here after the taliban took the entiry country, so the answer is no. it didnt stop them
Election aarahe hai.
Beautifully explained...Love you Rahul Sir 
He must resign and sharuk Khan also must quit bollywood
You mean they even have such a term...
And the new laws are optional, very very important, very very optional. 
Why the Indian police force use water cannon and tear gas on peaceful protests? The farmers dont have weapons...This is so brutal...
I had an opinion on mr.modi as a leader who had guts,this handling of protests just shows he s just weak like other's..mayawati,jeyalalitha and even mamta banerjee would have handled this better..farmers can't keep on vandalising everything and govt should have guts to use force..BJP has failed and will appease any1 for votes.
Farmers will be crushed. This government is too powerful. Farmers should tread carefully. I suggest to go back home.
Shithole country
An image is picture or build on facts.But CM modi built on development.  Development now is negative in all parameters governance  both internally & intentionally   .Inclusive also  a lie and take  today journalist, farmers,effecincy & effectiveness in ruling..importantly  collision partners. Bring down Modi Shah  rather speaking about Congress Raghul which is good to country your motto of good journalism
So my suggestion up to 5 years put tribunals with spl powers within 2 - 3 ?months. 
Government should fix  FRP for main main crops
It is scary that we selected a government whose supporters are like this. A government who forcefully silences opposition. 
Modi must be having bad day again poor guy that sells chai for living, Indias elections are rigged fraud govt well known fact
Besides he is not apologising for the pain and suffering he has caused to the farmers. He is apologising because he could not convince a section of farmers.
India and china? Godi media need to work on their scripts.
Plzz update us about what happened in the meeting between farmers and government. Did they came to a conclusion
Hi All, this video was posted more than a year back . Now after the laws have been repealed, please comment and suggest was it right or wrong ?
What conditions need met
Watch dhruv rathee's latest video if you haven't...to know the whole situation he explained three different versions of this incident
Why should Farmers allow free movement? Did you ever thought about their need & voted terrorists to power?
How roch these farmers are...how can they sustain without working for a year
An excellent debate on Times Now unprejudiced when the intelligent anchor Padma shut all the dramebaazs of SP, Congress shut off and they didn't reply, but deviated to irrelevant issues.
Modi media is Crying 
Its restricted only at #Punjab
_What a shame Modi & andhbhakts used to call them atankwaadi, andolanjeevi under the influence of godi media without any of them actually visiting the protest site_
Who is kalistani? All are indians
Mem letter writing video please both formal and informal
Rahul ji..aap govt clg ko Mandi se compare kar rahe ho..Mandi se kishan income karta he and clg me money spend karte he....
3000 kg cocain bust?
wtf is police doing ?? these are goons.. itni padhai kr k ips bne or ye baat nhi pta chl rhi ?? dumb people.
Yes Because the government officials. Were appointmented by US! Afghans are NEVER happy with foreign interference nor can they accept it- not British, not Soviets, nor USA.
Ek trailer to bnta h lallantop ke liye bhi
Kyo in Naughty ko kashmir ki maut voilence nahi laga? Bengal ka voilence nahi laga, jo aur 4 log marey wo voilence nahi laga?Citing that Voilence they are doing Voilence in Maharastra. Wa re wah. Ye jo karengey ye punya kaam wahan jo hua wo voilence? Immediate President Rule is the need of the hour. Immediate
Shame on PPL like u who don't know, but for the sake of openion make comments.
*Don't argue with fools they will first drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience*
Modi may appoint him as Deputy
World and who can go to any  low level
Well explained!
Watch this 45 seconds  
* Farm laws will enable selling to  open market . Where is this open market ? Is someone maintaining any historical order book on what pvt organisation have been buying. 
And hoarding
Nicely explained a lesser known fact about this issue.
Said by Ajith doval
Many respect for you sir.
We need democracy...nothing else...you can't give corruption free govt services like PDC, transport,  health,  water , EC, education, insurance...that's all we all need...nothing more...no need for lecture
Modi is not good for anyone he just cared about what he think is good  leavdmodi
Let's not give another chance, saap ko pura hi khatam karna chihiye.... Andolan bhai don't forget he is the same PM who called Andolan Jivi
Now it for each one of us, the Patriots of India, to stand with PM Narendra Modi in this hour where he is fighting 2.5 war, rather than going ballistic against him and defeat his efforts in neutralizing 0.5 war with enemy within, including the Lobby Judges occupying sizeable seats in Supreme Court. 
LOL , AGAR YEH BRUTAL HA TOH ,WEST BENGAL WALA TOH DEADLY THAA ... USKOO KYU NAHI KRAA COVER ??
Its your best chance delhi. Students, intellectuals and every common logical person should join these proxy protests. We've brought the biggest in world. Along with international media. But we are stopped at border. Its you 'delhiites' that has to work parallel to mainstream media to channel the information to the country. believe it or not, Its now or never.
I know farmer how they are do u see farmer raising there dimand like this when price of something goes low these are congress trained terrorist.  To make congress will in election . But they will not win  .
Ghante ke tumare law and orders....i support our farmers
 1 saal se uper ho road pr gand marva rhe h
NICE JOB SLEEPY JOE!!!....idiot!
Shame of ZeeNews. All that so-called journalists should mass resign from this channel if they got any humanity left. Let Shah, Chandra, and Malavya run the show directly, don't sell your soul to the devils.
Good work officer 
Tribute to those farmers who lost their lives
My question will any leader stop hos corrupt practices by changing party, he changes party for power and to be away for agencies(IT,CBI,ED)
In the end it was a great attempt to help farmers by Modiji , though obviously farmers do not have advanced vision,  or blocked by corrupt interest groups, that all educated population fully understood it from day one . Hope some day farmers  wake up  with a new vision , like Modiji.
nw see whose corupt under relig wat business gng on.. sham.. its owner who misusess.wat did for peopl
End time is near to BJP government
People: "WE DO!!!!"
Adani farm laws will come back after elections with a different name.
humble request to farmers...to stop protest...
All the best to u guys....
Only Kisan can teach them lesson Shruti kissan please come forward and save our country
Anti bjp agenda running in this show..
Why don't the Kisan Leaders start co-operative forums for marketing of farm produce to avoid middleman and get fair prices. Amul is the best example in this regard.
They wanted their agitation to be continued but disrupt others.
boycott zee news
Problems with MSP 
IT IS VERY PROVOCATIVE WHAT YOU SAY MR KEJRIWAL. IT HAD BEEN WISE IF YOU HAD ASKED THEM TO GO BACK TO FIELDS  WITHOUT FURTHER ARGUEMENTS. THE GOVT HAS SHOWN GOOD WILL AND NOW THE BOLL IS IN THE HANDS OF FARMERS. EVEN IN WESTERN DEMOCRACIES IT HAPPENS THAT GOVERNMENT BOWS TO  HEAVY PUBLIC PROTESTS/OPINION. ALTHOUGH THE PROTESTS HAVE NOT BEEN COMPLETLY  PEACEFUL IN THIS CASE.
The window of the thar where the driver side is cracked even before it hit the protester if you look closely you can see so that evidence that there was stone pelting, anyways the one who did the crime is also not anymore.
I support the protest. Law se ab kuch nhi hoga... Sirf appeasement hi hota hai bharat mei
1. In first bill middle men can also participate in private mandis
Inka bas chale to ab ye baccha paida hone par bhi protest Karen
Mam aap ne contents aacha se samjya issue to bhut bda tha but short information me samjya aap ne iske liye thanks 
Please help one another regardless of caste and religion and language and race.
 soon this so called kisan neta will realise what can govt do with their power. And how useless their foriegn funder will be at that time..
They are not farmers. They are goons of local political parties...
We love Indira Gandhi family. Jai Bharatham
Government of corporate,by the corporate,for the corporate
Respect farmers of the world
When will people understand the reality of the virus
Please note voting BSP is like voting Bjp. They are working together. No Bjp No bsp
It is so beyond sad to see people all over the world in those STUPID masks.
So..farmers are protesting and it is justified .... 
You are better then Dhruv Rathee
Why Farmers still Committed "Suicides " before Laws ?
Where is akshay kumar he always support modi
I am Muslim support kisan Brothers Itna din se delhi police kya karyhi but power full kisan brother 
Jai hind 
VOTE for SP+RLD+OP RAJ+ MHANDAL 
Boycott Bjp everyone
15. You say 'logically think' but at end of video you support the bill inspite of yourself showing so many loopholes
We won .... As Farmer
Free Punjab and haryana  hindu terrorist must be stopped     UK supports 
Script straight out of a movie......now govt will easily dissolve farmers protest...these things are cliches even in movies nowadays.
This is horrible How can a person drive his car on humans. Bharat desh MurdaBad BJP Rapist RSS Murdabad and they call this democracy Modi is Bloody cheap person In the world 
he is supporting peaceful protest not interfering in internal affairs as we all know we have a foolish chai wala as our pm so we should respect that person who stands with humanity.
I am the resurrection and I am life. If a man has faith in me, even though he dies, he shall come to life; and anyone who is alive and has faith shall never die.  (John 11: 25-26) 
Germany's farmers are protesting in there country against of new law . You can search in Google. Euronews is showing that.
TATA is Investing in BigBasket . So They can Make Farmers rich, selling their Produce (Products) abroad.
From national interest point of view, its really really bad to have party in center being untouchable in Panjab, J&K and Northeast. Hope this change in approach will improve the current scenario.
11  TAREEKH  KI  WAPSI    HONI  SHURU  HO  GAI  THI.RAKESH  DAKAIT  KI  MAN  MARJI  KAB  TAK  CHALEGI  JO  15  TAREEKH  DI.
MY FATHER IS ALSO A FARMER HE HAVE NOT ANY PROBLEM TO THIS BILL HE SAID IT IS GOOD MOVE BY GOVERNMENT AND ALSO WE ARE UNDER KISAAN KRISHI YOJNA.GOVT GIVE US 8000 FOR BUY SEEDS. THAT'S WHY WE DON'T OPPOSE OUR GOVT THIS 8000 COMES EVERY YEAR WITH RESPECT TO CROP SEASON 4000 IN FIRST SIXTH MONTH AND 4000  NEXT SIXTH MONTH SO DEFINITELY IT IS GOOD MOVE.
News 24 " sabse vishvasniy chennal ho chuka hai
Discussion  between  Govt and the farmers is the only  way.... Vandalism  is no way... Discuss  and understanding  of the bill and regarding  MSP already  it is there.. So more amount  of freedom  has been given to the farmers against  the middlemen who are actually  looting  the hard work of the farmers ...Discussion  and proper understanding  between  the farmers  and the Govt is the way out for better  tomorrow  for the farmers...
Modiji hindustan k PM hai or janta ko bahrose me lena PM ka farz tha.. now PM should work in the direction of developing new framework of the bills and have proper discussions
This video fulfill of all information about the conclusion given to New person
Proud Indian Army 
Delhi police tum sab se Kuch nhi ho payega bas baithe baithe marte raho mar khate raho
BJP goons party ....BJP paid Goons  were pelting stones and throwing petrol bombs on tents..He was trying to protect women protesters..Did police take action on goons ?? Answer is "No" bcoz they were sponsor by bjp...But police detained Ranjit singh for protecting himself and protesters.. Shame on Modi
And why would any farmer stay antil their need in their farms? Why will they remain wasting their time in protests during their Sowing and Harvesting season. No farmers who would actually be suffering would wait for so long for any purpose during their Sowing and Harvesting season. Starting from 9th August and continued for 7 months and 2 days. Can any farmer stay for so long. No they can't. Then who are these? They are the fake farmers or Not an Indian. Because no Indian would create Chaos on the Republic Day of his/her country India!
- Govt then provides these grains to poor people at 1% to 5% of MSP ?
In the name of  farmers
Media who has no soul and full of dalali is call Republic
Only a is true
Godi media kl de bhonk rha hai, Pehle so rhe the kya
They are not farmers okk. Farmer's are anndata of Bharat. They only do such silly politics only for election. Whole India know that they are not farmers. Plzz don't harm public property
State Bank of India
Let them return Padma shree and Padma bhibhusan award or even form a union/polarization of religion. 
700 farmers died and this channel is still supporting prime minister.
Akhilesh YADAV next cm
No more respect for punjab and punjabis
Why are India and Indian Media crying?
If the Farmer protest fails, this will be the last protest we are witnessing
2.The farming produce trade & Commerce ( protection and facilitation) bill 2020 
Civil society pollution
NIA should investigate the stone pelting movement seriously !! May be Bhikharistan ki  support hay yeh stone pelting drama and it's real mastermind Pappu Gaji ko !!!
* Farmer will earn more by moving away from granary. What he will move to ? Does a Farmer who has been growing granary all his life knows what he should grow apart from granary?
It is for Uttarpradesh, Punjab and Goa election. Like people don't know
Sir it is necessary to do Msc after BSC ag
These are not protestors, these are vandals. Its really interesting that only the rich farmers of Punjab have a problem with the new laws. Clearly they want to continue to monopolize the agricultural industry of India, and policies to benefit farmers across all states of India is unacceptable to them.
Aur Punjab main already contract farming chal rhi h, Kerala mai masalo ki contract farming chal rhi h. Phir desh level par contract farming ka virodh kyu??
Cong will lose deposit.
Why muted the name of culprits ?
bhai bhut se kishan padhe likhe nhi hote ya jyada knowldege nhi hota wo bdi compnies or vyapariyio se mol bhav kaise krenge...wo log to kishano ka shoshan krna suru kr denge jaise pehle jmidar krte the.
Riots happening all over the world. Media Fascists does not want to inform people about this. Stand together people!
Who's up?
It's like leading a f****** horse to drink water same thing with a Afghan trying to Pilot a helicopter
Great work
The congressass wants to kill this country hormony
	Ministry of External Affairs
Rakesh Dacoit and his peaceful protest
Good for India for backing Afghanistan! Jai Hind
I feel ashamed that people in order to support a party defend the brutal killing of farmers...Today,a video has surfaced where it can be clearly seen that the TWO cars were too fast and farmers had no time to react..They r depressed and now if this happen then riots will take place out of anger..
This is not right!
Should have bombed Pakistan where the Taliban headquarters are located
No farmers No food 
The mainstream media is not showing the Opposition at all.. So many people never come to know about such incidents.. Jai ho Modiji..
2 month hogye hain ,meeting pe meeting gussa ta ayega hi , police violence kr rhi aa farmers nhi
These nihang sikhs are true and honest people... This tikket is a politicalaly biased and carrying out a sponsored expensive agitation. 
Goverment should ban 3 black lows this diwali this is gift for farmer's
APMC Should be the key players between Farmers and Private Corporates
These are the fucking farmers were about protest and march peacefully with their swords, laathi etc strange. 
Also does using force mean using violence and being disrespectful?
         ,  , Italian choot   
_India: 6,143,019 cases, Recovery 5,098,573 (83%); Active 948,095 (15%); 96,351 deaths (1.57%)_
God bless you and your team
Group of khalistani and anti nationals trying to provoke the constitution of India, we can never expect ordinary farmers to lean into such kind of aggravation, what a shame, both liberals and bhakts will agree to it
Hail mudi and allies
Sir you are also RAVISH KUMAR AND TRUE REPORTER
Too late too little. People have no trust in PMs words.
Farmers will win because they have god blessing 
5) Mandies system almost finished, 
The one " lousy" state election which Iyer-Mitra refers to are actually two! In Punjab there is a need to support Amarinder to eliminate Congress in one more state and gain an ally in both houses of parliament. In U.P. there is a need to strengthen Adityanath in the long term interest of the country because U.P. is critical for 2024 and Adityanath may be a strong choice when Modi retires at age 75 as it seems likely. Other than that, there is the Khalistan agitation, supported by Pakistan and possibly China, that is raising it's ugly head. None of these threats, leave alone the bankrupt opposition with no constructive propositions to offer, existed at the time of Manmohan Singh. So with all due respect I propose that Iyer-Mita should hold his horses and think a little more before using his considerable standing as a journalist to express opinions that may harm in the long run.
Good to here some sane logic on these acts.. ,,
The worst and partial media in the world
BJP out
GARBAGE FARMERS... Vietnam rejects Indian rice as not fit for humans, ... Pubjab already uses the new Farm Laws to allow Kisans from Bihar to sell rice massively in Punjab. And amazingly most of the Farmer Unions protesting are Panjus...  the average Indian farm size is only 2.28 hectares, they do not have tractors. Tikhait is Coongi ally and failed in elections. Seems these farmers are only BLACKMAILERS
Its happen only in India .
Wish main stream media showcased this.
*_Astrosat, India's first multi-wavelength astronomical observatory Completes 5 Years Of Mapping Stars, Galaxies In Space_*
very short but detailed information. keep up the great videos. I also like the accent and clarity of the newsperson in the video
A very nice lecture by  Prateek sir. Thank you so much sir. Sir, would you please make a video on liberalisation that occured in 90's decade?
Good Presentation, Alex can you explain about Indian agricultural commodity markets, it is meant for hedging the risk and price discovery, but the farmers participation is very less. Can you explain the reasons
Inn achcha to   hota hai
Many hindus are with zero IQ for them any one is God. Calling Modi God or any one God is shameful. 
Lakhimapur kheri World famous ho gya duniya me..
We innocent Indians follow a supreme leader no matter where he leads us...
Congress party chor hai
Accha hua kisaan ko marna hai to govt kya kare no need to do any reform for farmers
Wow indian mohdi government is so horrible to these punjabis.... khalistan zindabad
Police officer na bhot acha faisela kiea ha from Pakistan
It's not possible.
Govt gave time to people to go there nd raise flag nd then turned the way of movemnt ,
But well at the end he's from RSS/BJP they are not ashamed on anything.
Government making inflation high, so that farmers income doubled... PM is a mirage....
Ho gyga...Bhut price increase ab waqt hai change k ..kisi educated insaan ko pm bna chiye ...
Don't fool people please
What institutions will he knock & plead to for help then.
Many of them died in covid..
I didn't know bjp means country, that any attack on bjp leader signifies sedition.
Who is here after pm modi's announcement of repel of the bill?
Chandhuni chor
After the election, these laws will again pass in parliament. BJP and RSS are not trustworthy.
The REAL reason behind all these laws is this: Import of food grains is cheaper for the Indian government because international prices are low. Some economists have advised the government to import food grains rather buy them at a higher price from the Indian farmers. That way the fiscal deficit can be controlled. This thinking guides the three laws. But why, in the first place, are the international prices low? Because the foreign governments compensate their own farmers by giving them a hefty subsidy.
The demands of the farmers are very reasonable. The government should accede to their demands without further delay.
Why are you put wrong headlines, the people killed are bjp workers by so called farmers
It looks like the Indian government is considering farmers as an enemy. 
You are demanding too much money for for pdf in your app.
At the end of the day max welfare of farmers, environment should be the goal if their land goes shoot ambani, adani's office.
AGRI is a state subject so there is an issue to implement the PM AASHA
Hon'ble PM: No Agricultural Law will be back. It is in Favour of Farmers.
Shame on you Republic TV. You can't say this is exactly video, where is the jeep hitting to protestors video clips? Except NDTV shows the real and exact video clips.
Logo ki lack of  knowledge ke wajaha se, Haar Gaye Poor Farmer , wapas poor farmer ke paise middle man khayega,.....
Rip real farmers not brokers.
very good...lecture
Fassi is real justice
this is all about politics
 farmers had done a wonderful job in the initial years of the Green 
Why the opposition members can't sit down and vote against the Bill.  The party like CPI, & DMK want to act like supporters of puplic but they really doing anti national activities and against public. So its clear that the opposition is not having majority and they want to waste public money and time.
Really??  Again with u Belgian farmers??!!
Hon'ble Prime minister Narendra modi is a very good human being, he had been misguided by his very own people whom he had trusted. He should think about it.
Nobody really cares what this guy thinks.. He is irrelevant now
CBI should also keep watching on BJP leaders so that they may not run away from country(like frauder Neerav Modi etc)after sailing Public Sectors properties to 2 private corporates under NMP Niti.
Completely agree with your thought about "small cuts". I still remember when I was kid my mother used to tell me to stay away from muslims. "Beta woh log bhot aggressive community hai..kuch b kr denge..sidha mar hi dalte hai..to unse jaghda mat kro."
One of the dumbest prime minister india have
Humanity is dead !
ZBNF farming is the way forward. Govt schemes  though well intentioned will be squandered by  systemic bureaucracy. Selling at MSP ,MIS is a result of  not adopting  marketing , value add  or  forecasting methods by the farmer.
In the name of kisan they are regular protesters. They should be crushed
Jihadists are emboldened cause they have the full support of vote-bank hungry opposition and the sold out media
Taliban are sinister and evil what right have they to tell woman how to  live  they are backward people  living in the past taliban in my opinion are the scum of the earth
I wish BJP loses in the elections. I so do!
Msp for 22 crops and frp for sugercane
We are supporting ourselves 
MODI and Shah Fall To The Knees BEFORE Farmers Hats of for Farmers
if this takes votes away from competitors I guess I can see the value.
The sheer suddeness....
Ankit oye Ankit, Are you new in journalism? or you are getting paid by BKP? 1 random person saying that we are going to takeover does not meat that the whole "Andolan' thinks the same.
Not weak, those who go back two steps, whether it is a lion, Swatantraveer or Modiji, now you also join hands, don't force them to jump far..
Rakesh Ji, very nice person,he is a capable for Leader, this kind of person is supposed to be chief minister 
Lets know what are farm bills
Ask govt to  implement price list of 20 other msp crops.. Only wheat and rice bought on msp of modi govt.. What about other  crop list. Sir dnt tell half truth on msp..  We are ready to change farming to oil seeds crops.  Si many farmers already did this and get financially loss for years..Can you tell me where i can sell my crop on msp.. Nobody pay  msp..
1 Taliban can fire 100 rounds in 1 Dollar.
Totally manufactured witness he is thought & trained. PM Modi a Killer ( Godhra, Pulvaama Fame ) Home Minister Amit Shah a Murderer & Tadipaar ( Godhra & Justice Loya ) State Home Minister Ajay Mishra a Murder accused/criminal  & on Bail then from whom you expect justice.
Talk in English otherwise Hindu both at one time is very irritating....
Revolutions have always started from Panjab.
You are doing well for people awareness...
Important topic hai sir thank you
These are not facts. 
I'm not against Thailand and Cambodia, but why is that they are allowed to enter Korea and ban the other countries, if the reason is the active/daily covid cases per day per country? I mean other countries can follow/copy the protocols that the two countries are doing to enter Korea. EPS per country are vaccinated already prior entering Korea (mandatory), though it's not a assurance that they are not virus carriers. They still need to undergo 14days quarantine prior deployment in their respective company. So why? Favoritism? Diplomatic issues/government issues?
They think they are so intelligent but they cant even debate or even talk without interrupting each other, look it is only mr singh who shows the most respect
2.	G. C. Whitworths three golden rules  for using the articles in English.     
godi media we will rule this country soon this country belongs to kisaan and someone frm everyone of us is still a farmer they feed us.
No statutory backing of MSP
I curse MODi Ambani and Adani I hope God finds them and I hope God deals with them for the pain and suffering they have caused the elderly there is no place else other than hell for these people. You dont hurt old people
Any updates on the protest in light of the coronavirus?
#Farmers win today 19/11/21.... Thanks so much  The Daily show ....
What happened our India..
Deeply grateful.
Govt should take suggestions of farmers  before making any law.
Government had been bringing down its gdp with loads of loans and Is selling everything to private corporates. Corrupt politicians and corporates are accumulating wealth and exploiting common people. When are they going to wake up? If disputing party farmers are not seeking any redress from Supreme Court, it has no jurisdiction to resolve the issue. Certainly it has no jurisdiction to retreat law, only government has. When the members of committee are already biased in favor of laws as per their past history, how can farmers trust them? Moreover, when did S.C. last time gave judgement against government 
Does it question the government on the aggressive tactics used on the farmers in the last year, treating them as terrorists than citizens- no
First option of corporates entering farms business looks main reason
What is really wrong with it. Supposed to be really good for the farmers. Even North America and other countries are following the same......
Love you india
I don't understand from where these farmers are getting time and money to continue the protest. Farmers all around the country are busy in harvesting the kharif crops (September to October) how come these farmers have time to protest.?
Police is a bitch of Ministers, 
Well explained in minimum time ! 
Protesting is accepted but blocking road isn't accepted
Shame on you......
2) Through E-NAM you can sell anywhere
The Governments are charging tear gas, water canons on farmers. (Both are largely Hindus.)
We support Farm Law, and BJP Government
Afghans are bound to suffer from Taliban because when they had the Afghan govt. they din't even give a single fight against Taliban for their freedom. They accept their fate and their is nothing to do about it.
How did terorrist gets money??? Ofxourse from teroreist country
My dream is to hit 5k, its free to help for any nice people
May you live long Ajit ji ,for your  true and honest contribution. Be blessed
This law is for...... Banning middle man profit.
Islamic countries must not have borders? They must form one nation together.
If all of our young children's are busy in making tiktok videos and playing pubg games then wat can modi do,, put some efforts from ur side & blame the government
Another lie another fraud, doesnt this old man gets tired.
Only if the government and the police was more strict this would have not happened. Killing some of them would have been better than such a disrespect to the country. Removing the country's flag on its independence day sad...
This is our weakness we by ourselves distroy the country 
Most highways around Delhi are blocked in some way or the other, yesterday while coming back from Jaipur we suffered unnecessarily due to farmer blockade of flyover, to be honest I cursed and cussed them. Causing others to suffer for ur rights is no way to protest against a law. If I had a lathi I wud have beaten them myself.
8. Why Bill is passed so fast without opposition in parliament??
Do u know only punjab farmers were opposing it ? Why, bcoz they were most benefitting from it.
Rich Farmers, They have Fancy American Tractors !!!
He is funded by Congress Party, Communists and Anti India elements.
Bjp hato desh bacho
If you get free foods, free water, free air then you never go for slave work........
Entire congress behind the UP elections...
Well down people of India .
One of the very few voices (other being p sainath) whom i admire a lot for their knowledge and understanding of agriculture and its issues
Yes I stand with government nd also farmers have to visualize whats the actual law coz many contavarcial politician get benefit of this situation to disbalanced the government and my genuine question is that only punjab and hariyana state have farmer ? Whats about other state farmers why they don't participate in protest , it means some controversial politician in punjab nd haryana get  miss guide the farmers against government nd law farmers have must the see difference .........
The shark tank gif was everything
Please ask Ameer Khans wife and Nasiruddini sha
Very nice Sanjay Singh 
One argument against the MSP is that it causes an imbalance in the cropping pattern because it tempts the farmers to grow only the crops that offer them good returns. This argument is a classic case of putting the horse before the cart. See it like this: Punjab is not a land suited for rice. And yet this is happening because there is no MSP on the crops that it can better handle. If the government declares and enforces MSP on every crop, then Punjab and Haryana are more likely to shift to oilseeds and other cash crops. Declaring an MSP is the only way of ensuring a balanced cropping pattern. 
Kisan tractors March zindabad
The same with human in general like domestic violence by the Indian government officials and the public who are the slave of west and the Hindu genocide on Kashmir.
Pm modi plz stay away from biden
history in india
Sir thanks a lot given the correct information.
Now the laws are gone, hope the farmers get their MSP. and govt take effort to make a fair law for consumers and farmers.
Midia is working as homly dog not as inert person you not obeying duty  media will personally liable
For more information... Visit my channel. A Successor for All media
Feel the real farmers condition
tiket go backsimon go back
See how opposition leaders are pouring in themselves. 
He was worried about the votes he was going to lose... eh you still lost them 
need your no. for small knowledge
*I'm from Mexico; our millenary culture around the planet; yeah !!! *
So called farmers, khalistani have fallen in their own trap now, the khalistanis, anti modi, anti national elements expected that govt, police will not give them permission, then they will create nuisance and then there will be blood bath and after then Delhi police will take action against them, then they will put forward innocent uneducated farmers which they have incited and brought here in Delhi, and they will run away and blame delhi police, govt after that..But Modi govt is two steps ahead from all anti national elements like u.. U all anti national elements have lost your credibility, faith
Some proletician maldar chor joining this protests rally
Very informative video. It should reach to each and every farmers..
Sound issues again starts at 6:41
I hope your videos in future will be in different different subjects and it will not be limited to history only...my blessings to you.
Thanks for this essay.
cong hatao desh bachao
YouTubers: Dhruv Rathee | Akash Banerjee | Kumar Shyam
45%congress+45 % AAP+10%extremists= 100%farmers Andolan
Tikat nahin dakcoit hai. That too very sick and almost dead .
Galat panga le liya Bjp ne....Most Egoistic Prime minister of India we have ever seen....
I like the music...
There is no 2 version BJP is full of killers
you guys never propose a solution but only give theories and compare the system with utopia.
Lanat ho aisey Prime minister pr.......jisko sirf apney se matlab h
Jhutho ne kha jhutho se sach bolo ,  black day in five years loctantra khatam ho gya hai
Modi responsible for everything. They try to stop the peaceful protester by force, so they resort to force.
Punjab election is coming...that's why he took this decision. Great achievement of our farmers  support to dear farmers from Tamilnadu.. Vande Mataram 
RAJNEET ME SUNO SAKHA JAB SABKI BHAGIDARI HAI. 
               Brahminism    Hinduism , Buddhism , Sikhism , Jainism  Animism ()                     Arya Samaji , Kshatriyaism , Vaishyaism  Shudraism        General obc sc st       ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,  ,                        Category              Caste Certificate   General         ????   ,  ,            Category   Category                  Brahmin                         33 cr                                  33 cr          ,  ,      ,     ,          ,  -   ,                
It's time to live upto this nonsense. They are nothing but anti nationals.
Implement in rest of the country leavea punjab aside .
Answer to those who said farmers bhole hain and unhe bhadkiya gaya he...toh inhe kisne bhadkiya
Idiot opposition , protesters and protest investors know very well !! 
CM should resign on moral grounds and President rule must be imposed immediately
Innocent are being killed because of some asshole Ministers and people...
BJP has lost all sensitivity. They are just power hungry. How shamelessly they are laughing at the deaths of farmers. Now it should not be forgotton when election comes. They only know Election. And should be taught a lesson by handing him a humiliating defeat. And when he comes to your house for vote, he should be chased away.
We are misled only by Mr. Modi
Jhute ten nas krna tha
    has controlled its defense and diplomatic affairs till now;
Pakistan it cell or khalistani it cell active hain ye aap comments main dekh skte ho.
It's huge failure for BJP govt just because of vote bank politics,.not expected from shri modi ji   
This is the fall of Kabul and the US is the  biggest stakeholder in it. The rest of the Democratic world is nothing more than a deaf and dumb clown only.
Nice explanation sir thankyou so much
Highway tere baap ki property gunde tune turwa diye criminal
Modiji firstly finish these traitors.. We are with u ..they are getting money why will they go  home.. Pite bina bhoot bhagega nahi
Due to UP elections 
Wow....what a politics? Scared of elections...LOL. people are aware of all these.
Please help me
Kisan majdoor ekta jindabaad  please support the farmers 
They are again waiting for 26 th January
There is harami group in BJP basically all community representative in that group... 1.If any sikh issue comes sikh member of that group comes to debates
Just shoot those Khalistan sponsored trouble creators. Burn those Damn Tractors.
Other points were explained pretty well. 
@Scoopwhoop please do a cover on the recent riot in Bangladesh.Many are thinking that the other community had disrespected their holy book,but it has been proven wrong and the real culprits have been caught. It was a political game,to overthrow the ruling party.The reports of rape ,murders, loots  and destruction of culture are heartbreaking.
You are such a monger rendering person I doubt that UPSC that cleared you to become a IAS officer what a false Propoganda
this video is totally misleading i request you to report it and dislike this.
It's a usual bjp trick that is first make ereone angry so they all don't vote  suddenly cool them down however they will not vote him he will still 
An accident? These are democracy killers, the media.
Right thing to do with Khattar. Full Support 
A huge gang of exploiters, bullies.
All criminal will join hands this is his and so called secular and anti national opposition s plan.
Indian Politicians must understand that if the do not Follow the Secularism in the every sector of their Country, the Vharot will be the Country of Jahannam rather than a peaceful country in the world.
Try not to laugh
Good decision on good occasion.
These are kisans from ALL of India!!
It is now out.  
Get the phone scammers r I will send them to u
Pity these people. They are celebrating their own loss.
Justine please
*TIKAIT DALAL IS JOBLESS NOW*
Nothing can be a better and complete explanation than this one, thank you so much.
Dear citizens please wake up against this Facist regime. Other wise many things like this will continue to happen.
sir please attach pdf also...
I Really Really love you saurav sir  lallantop  
I have also seen another headline from other channel using Dalit was killed by kisaan.
Fake they are lying why they always lye and we have to accept even knowing that they are lying. Can't we say NO!
Beware of false prophets, men who come to you dressed up as sheep while underneath they are savage wolves. You will recognize them by the fruits they bear.  (at Matthew 7: 15-16) 
UK vaccinated are all getting variant and getting very ill! Vaccines dont work against big Pharma's deliberately spread controlled variant. Big Pharma control is destroying natural immunity WAKE UP TO ALL THE PHARMA INFLUENCED GOVERNMENT LIES
News 24
Jai Kishan! Don't bite the hands that feed you!
Afghanistan will incur losses due to lack of trade... Some other nation will benefit...
Why main video kept blur 
Make a video on sahyadri farms Nashik. India's largest farmer producer company
Wah wat a brave lady. Right person at the right time. We all need this types of leaders she is absolute daringbaaz.
Abp stopped showing farmers news after godi call biki media
The strongest most powerful military in the world and Biden and his advisors didn't see this would happen ? I say Bull Shit. It was done on purpose. War is a business for them.
 But, Talibans are Real Afghanistani, the core Pashtoons majority. 
This will be huge loss for future generations of Punjab , when they will understand , that their forefathers , hit their own foot on kulhadi
What a shame to Modi who went to lick Biden's 
Not even Arnab can save Modi from losing UP and Punjab election 
and they charge only commision agent fees. Some states there are no 
If anybody rise questions they will say   ask with previous government what they did 
So happy these indisciplined legislators have been suspended,
Shame on supporter of opposites
Better we need to Wipe Out BJP in Our Country
In order to produce diverse crops, why not fix a competitive MSP for all crops (like the crops that the govt imports now)..? Farmers will be incentivized to produce more oil seeds & other crops... By doing so, you can ensure the production of diverse crops by guaranteeing the farmers a livelihood...
More people will learn from politicians to create problems for ruling and more changes would be on Manifesto will be the scenario.
Watch this video by finology for real facts and clarity
These farmers are good example of terrorism
Sikhs have again showed their true intentions.
Anjali Bardhwaj is absolutely correct
What is happening in India??
Education is being privatized favouring international colleges... Most of government colleges to be closed by Indian Government by NEP 2020
So, bringing a law giving farmer right prices enabling them to enjoy their due share saying that farmers right will be protected after the legal agreement with the other party. 
The news came first, the incident happened later. The flag on the glimpse of Punjab on the 26 January parade was the one which was hoisted on the Red Fort. This is not a flag, it is Nishan Sahib. Because of this Nishan Sahib, the Khalsa Army liberated the daughters and sisters of India from Ahmed Shah Abdali and kept the shame of India. This is the Nishan Sahib whose divine principle closed the North East borders forever to end 1000 years of slavery of Hindustan.
Fake news, farmers are peaceful, the stupid intel agencies are trying to disrupt.
thank  you sir... please make more GD videos..
Question is, who is going to put the Modi govt on trial for their evil crimes ?
only salary
My opinion, Our PM of India Shri. Narendra Modiji  Got Great Leadership Quality to Nation. My view "God Man To Nation"  for Future.
Dear reporter, It is a good presentation. But couple of doubts.
Single news channel is doing its job
Jealousy of Indian media at its peak.
Very well said, Mr Sengupta. It's a very good explanation. I hope the post-modern stupids come here and keep their minds open to understand.
Kanoon kisne bnaye BJP ne tou farmers BJP against honge na Congress ja AAP k khilaf thorda
Biden has kidnapped , hidded President Ashraf Ghani  and now US planning for bigger unrest in south Asia.
Because farming and agriculture depends on variable factors like weather, lets not punish the farmer and held him take responsibility of weather , by setting the MSP as law, we all share this variable weather factor and support the farmers as CROP is such a BASIC need for all of us, regardless RICH POOR or middle class. 
BJP for INDIA.
Well explained sir
Sawal to poochhe jayenge ??
I am witness. They are farmer. I have proof and if you allow me to show. Up front of zee camera so i can make it clear they all are farmers.  And. I am not supporter of any political party.   The protest is against system not party.   But. Ruling party right now is BJP.    If there is congress i dont care i can stand up as similar right now
This guy  have forgotten where is the actually from. The only way to bring peace in Afghanistan and get rid of Taliban is to get rid of Pakistan wipe them out from the face of the map
Agr monopoly create hua to private company to kuch v rate fix kr skte h kya y aam log k liye she h?
You really are amazing. Thank You.
Sir have you seen Shekhar Gupta's bihar vs punjab episode on the print. He is proving you wrong. Please watch it.
Modi is a politician at the end of day. He thought of doing something in his capacity for the farmers and vast majority were happy with it. But if a vocal minority of rich powerful vested interest group with strong PR is denting his image worldwide why would he care about farmers?  But when the silent majority actually realize what they lost, it will be too late. They missed a golden opportunity. If they are so naive to comprehend who their friend is and who is their foe, they are better off being left to their fate. Modi will find a way to win election but the
Thanks for explaining  so well . 
beta tum bhi election ke fayde ke liye hi ye bhasn de rhe ho sch to ye hai ki pure hindustan me ek bhi honest neta nhi hai sare gunde bdmas paiso ke bhukhe apne fayde ke liye kisi ko bhi mar skte ho mrwa skte ho chahe wo kejriwal ho modi ho Rahul Gandhi ho mamta banerjee ho sare ke sare apne fayde ka sochte ho
Congress Sahi bol rahi
Shekhar is a cunning journo seeking a rajyasabha seat. This fellow was in forefront in making big hue and cry to release the terrorists "for saving 100 lives" in kandahar hijack. After Taj attack he was also in the group of congi journos blaming bjp for release of terrorists MP
We should've  no contact with  Taliban who are pak proxy .
RSS       Bunch of Thoughts                      95%                       -          RSS     , , , , ,                ,                      
Privatization will also lead to monoply and that is very harmfull for economy and India is now underdevelopment and it will never be the developed country. Also create a lot of unemployment.
Ye class Subhash Charan sir ki original class nhi hai  yha to sir ki class ki video's upload ki jati hai jo bhi Puri nahi hoti
Update: Farmers won 3 laws were taken back last month.
Please Share this video
This step has also opened doors for the nuisance people who will modify the laws according to their will...worst decision.
dhan 1000/ quntal rha jo pichhle sal 3000 Rs tha, wheat last year 2200 Rs  
All Educations are only for make money not for knowledge....
Not real farmers bunch off STRAW BRAINED miscreants.
	Ministry of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying
Indian govt has to come up with pilot projects with 1 state first .. once proved apply that to others 1 after another and rectify in case of any issues in favor of farmers not corporates .. next revolution is farmings all corporate are looking into that .
* Does Farmer has any way of knowing where agriculture commodity Market is going and what will be profitable for him ? 
People power, weve all got it , well done to those farmers
Thanks to haryana Western UP and Punjabi kissan..atleast MSP pe discussion to hone laga.. implement ho ya na ho atleast logo ko pata to Chala
Pity you Arnab... such state of ambiguity shouldn't even come to my enemy. But loved the way how you hid your grim :)
Rss and bjp-  hamara minister ka ladka bachna chahiye chahe usne crime kiya ho use nirdosh prrof karna he aajtak apko news channel pe.
Sir I am preparing for bank exams though all the lectures that you have taken is not related to my exam point of view but still i listen your lectures to enhance my knowledge.. you cover every topics such a beautiful way that is very helpful... thank you sir
Chacha petrol price bhi kam kar dijiye...papa bole Electric scooty lene, I purchased petrol scooty...price aap increase karte ho, gaali main sunta hoon...aise kaise chalega
Bhai u r great at all R.B.I officer
They should throw stones and break the neck of water cannon so that they cant aim... Tip from kerala..
Update: Farm Laws have been repealed. Farmers have returned back to fields.
The More People of India will Remove Modi's Party from the States He will be on his knees
Please sir 
Why cryptocurrency bill not tabled yet
1:12 I don't think that's Rihanna....  those glasses seems familiar
3 asthi vale msp rate nai fethe bori charge be kathe or kooli charge transport hamli charge farmer ke uper cut karthe or money credit 50lathe
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
Why arent the rest of the farmers in the nation protesting? 
Proud to be a Farmer 
Thanks so much Sir ji .
Happy to see this after winning
The only victory many obsolete parties will get to celebrate is, as they're calling it, Kisan diwas.
Arrest Tikait the union leader who is the cause for violence Delhi.
They're really milking this
Chee news
The innocent indian farmers are defeated but, brockers and communism won this protest. In future no govt. will do agriculture reforms. Unfortunately, kissan will understand this big loss after Long time. Tiket gang misguided the innocent farmers....
This is official baba channel 
For the people
"Protest against farm laws, Politics or Farmer welfare"
Indian army:haha are u telling us.
we need Bengal people support .
We lost near 700 farmers during this protest.... Rest in peace 
Jai Kissan. Bastards raised hand against farmers who were trying to contact ruling party leader.
Media are disappointing they should have educated farmers on the benefits and cons of farmer laws.
I never regret watching this
Shame on republic , pura dalal hai 
Farm law cancelled
Great 
Time to boycott this party nationwide if they are the culprits. We need a very able leadership for a country like India and not just a beard guy.
When any bill can be passed or repealed without any discussion, you can firmly say that the democracy is in its death bed!
Apex court should bring the government to its feet for being unable to solve the concerns and problems of the farmers even a year on. Minister of Agriculture must be placed on the mat for his total ineptitude and total inefficiency.
You should not manipulate people first read the farm laws
They are not farmers only terrorists....
Let Haryana and Punjab government's block the bills only there as farmers everywhere else are happy with the bills and have no problem.
state government
This Vikram singh. Bjp punjabi Is a killer of Punjabhi sentiment. How much bjp has
Congress-BJP are servants to UP dogs and Communists and TMC bow down to Bengalis. The rest of India blindly follows them
Talibans are not Humans, they are the lowest form of animals on earth. Barbaric, not deserve to be called people or human being
UAPA is a Indian National act
Modi is ONLY concern of Gujarati Business men, Rather than Farmers of India
Indira Gandhi type leadership is missing today.
Is Taliban coming to attack India? 
Reform ache bhi too hoo agar Laws ache naa hoo too ye phle se bhi jyda khatarnak hote he too fir ROLEBACK hi acha hee
Why should he not be fined for not wearing a mask. Has govt designed all punishment for me.
Activitis Annan  or naxallites minded Annabhazare?
Media has lost all integrity in face of reporting  truthfulness.
He cannot blame Congress anymore. Farmers genuinely believe that their survival is threatened.
Poor & middle class will suffer.
Everyone should do the same thing
- industrialised o et 100-200 years and have jobs foe their people!
This isn't shown during the day. Notice how the clock in the corner of the screen is cut out of shot.
Reduce PETROL DIESEL GAS FOOD TRANSPORT PRICES before 2022 ELECTIONs
Make more videos related to Rajasthan GK
Praying for safe return of my sikh brothers.
She has a mask on her face
These cops are also humans. They tried their 
Mr Modi look after India. Farmers are the  blood of India  Thier forefathers sacrificed themselves for mother India. Bring the country together.
Gov forcing bright CLASS 12 students not to take MBBS so that POOR and MIDDLE CLASS Suffers
They were blocking roads, highway and throwing stones, why would police not take action against them.
Every time I see this video, my belief on the fourth pillar of democracy gets somewhat restored
he is advertisor of kejriwal
Delhi ko Quid karnewale Talibani, Chinese notorious lobbies bheed?
Hope that the funding from the fundamental elements and antinational activists will be continuing for daily roti and biriyani .
Truth at this time is everyone knows how shameless bjp is but andhbhakts will never admit that
More funds he gets, more prolonged the blocade becomes, it will have bad national consequences.  Other traitor andolanjeevis will learn from Rakesh Takait, and block roads in other parts of country, they will take it as weakness. It spreads everywere. Atleast now police has to act and clear blocked road.
Trust is, unfortunately, lost as these all decisions are coming while elections are coming and not during the normal times.
It's not a monarki
Ap Kishan ki income 2 guna karne ki baat kar rahe ho, ye baat to clear ha..... Iska matlab yadi Kishan aj Rs 18/- per Kg Anaj ( Grain) bechta ha, to phir bill ke baad bo Rs 36/- per Kg bechega...... 
This is so ironic.
Repeal black laws
There is cartoon published in US where a cow (BJP)  is eating India, the cow is producing milk which is going to industrialist (Ambani and others) and people of India is getting cow dunk.... it seems very true by considering the current situation of India.
If farmers sit in the middle of the road they will get crushed.
Plz remove red line under your thumbnail makes me think i have seen this video
India will divided now
Nothing better than foreign media pronouncing modi
Owesi hmesha real bolta hai,tiger  hai Owaisi, high educated admi hai
This is shame-full how they use religion and cast openly to get more TRP and we as viewers accept it as day to day news and doesnt even think or react about it.
140 cr vs impact since 3 months = estimated term of 9 months  = huge monitory (no suicides so far) so affluent brokers
Each farmer has the strength of  lifting 2 policemen each hand, still they are maintaining peace. thats the meturity.
Maam what's the difference b/w minimum selling price and minimum support price?
A monster stopped eating people for election. People needs to understand this.
We stand with farmers.
 And the support of these terrorists is from the supreme court of the country to the national media.
Protect the farmers always! 
Scrap fraudulent EVMs and bring honest & transparent Ballot Papers Boxes in every election.
When I was a child and was debating with my father about Gandhian philosophy of non-violence, he told me "We all follow Gandhi consciously or unconsciously. Gandhi taught the whole world how powerful a protest can be without violence."   And today everyone including Kangana  must have come to know that Hme Azzadi kaise mili thi....
Massive cryptocurrency investment since 2016 demonization must be investigated by CBI ED IT NCB all 
except to use force.
Godi media thumbnail is so bad plz stand with farmers humble request to you 
This enactment basically can alter the intended purpose of MSP which is to provide a safety net and can make the MSP as a Price Floor. Such intervention can deleterious for the agricultural sector as putting up a price floor reduces the quantity demanded significantly (the buyers of the produce of the farmers will not be interested to buy at such a high price). Regardless of how much the farmers would like to sell, a lower quantity of the produce will be purchased. This further creates an obligation over the government to purchase all the produce at the MSP price (as the demand is killed by such price floor in place), hence pumping the fiscal deficit. Such move will effectively take away a chunk of total surplus of producers and sellers and will be against the free markets working. 
They just blindly follow whatever their local leaders tell them who feed them lies cause of personal gains. 
Sincere prayers to the victims. 
BJP and Modi they rule like dictators if they want to reform the farming bill include the farmers to reform the bill simply
Bhai cartton kar lo is se achha
A huge applause for our farmers. Their  sacrifice has won. You can not bite the hand that feeds you.
He is a joker of India!! :D
8.	Three times for Past Perfect Tense. (Underlined at Page no.110)
Seeing the hatred, jealousy and frustration of Urban Hindus makes me so happy 
Parliament a change into a fish market 
Right
Dakait jame raho chor tumare sath hai
Its because of likely China war and Sikh soldiers
I regret that I supported this guy
The Kangress  AAP are also was involved in all these anti national activities. They will do anything to get power. Just plain low life cowards.
now india needs to shun their doors on these tyrants ....
#fightforyourrights
Mam are you Veronica?? U sound like her!! Your voice is loving n explanation too 
why is agricultural year and financial year different?
*Now your brainwashing has killed many innocent people even Daliths*
It was really kissan friendly Bills,
Shame on zee news
Do they have social distancing inside that bus....since the Govt. Claim that Social Distancing is nedded
Make a video on EV.. infrastructure, challenges, everything..EV policies by various states
Wah re Yogi
Coming after success of farmer 
Those woman's wants Western life.
2. The third bill intention was to bring a third party/organization into farming and protect farmers from famine and other natural disasters, while also increasing the diversity of agricultural products, which is currently very limited due to a lack of certainty in post-harvesting incomes. Looking at how much wheat production is increasing in UP, MP, and Punjab, and how MP recently crossed 300 MT of wheat production in the year 20/21, which getting wasted due to very poor storage facilities, so the clarity would come from a proper dialogue with farmers and curbing the weak areas of laws to make them legible and clearer. Which I think GOI tried up to some extent but we all saw what exactly happened. If the implementation of these bills had been effective with proper clarity, then it would have made farmers more confident and secure, so they could have started thinking toward other farming options and processes and may eventually shift towards organic farming as well.
Technology harming farmers ka point of view bhi laayiye hume 2050 ko unliveable nhi banana
Hardwork,not money lending is farming,on field off field,different,but rich middlefarmers,so called,adhtiyas,want to avoid taxes,e g as agri income related.
3:28 What is APMC?
   ...... Great
tax revenues to government. It will also be easy to impose and mop up cesses
General Dyer is still alive....
Very interesting,  humble request please invite fresh    to  your  show  for   discussion  on current national political  scenario and pre & post farmer protest changing  in nation. I think  he is more eligible  for answering  your serious questions. 
RSS victory
up until the last moment of the 20 year long war the US army murdered innocent civilians
Love you to all my farmers uncle
Long live meritocracy and integrity 
All foreign dignitaries denied invitation of republic day parade and that is the reason behind accepting demands
More video on farmers support  pleased
14:00 Thank me later
Biche mirchi lagaho his ke
When you bring or send old and senior citizens farmers/parents to the Protest sites  then obviously you can't guarantee their safety...becoz they are vulnerable to cold, hot, infections, diseases etc...
Rahul Gandhi predicted has become true future PM of India 
Those thing could mean a lot or nothing it matters what is the way and who is in the way. Good
Thanku so much .I like the way In which you taught.
Congress hatao desh bachao.
Why no voting rule applies to this bill because government has less people in rajya sabha at that time. So no rule and procedure was followed and if parliament was dieing.. dieing persy attempt all his way. Aakhir marta qa nhi krta.
In this situation, the Modi Govt is taking the correct approach.
we need more unbiased analysts like you who speaks truth no matter what. kudos to you nitish, farm laws were very imp but lets not loose the hope, right time will come for bharat reformation.
Sikhs are warriors. fight the power
Everybody is cool until indian tractors arrived 
Salyo kuttyo jdo farmer's Delhi enter hoye os time delhi di public ne farmer's da flower shut k welcome kita oh kyu nai dekhonde tusi dallhyo
Ha ab ye suno govt servant tathya bta rhey or hum maan bhi lengy
New greater islamistan
Very helpful 
Again these goons sikh farmers killed an innocent person in day light, all culprit must jail
I support the farmers. Down with fascist govt.
See how this channel has doctored Diljit's words to make him look bad.. 
YAAR AAM ADMI PARESHAN HAI IN FARMERS SE.
MODI YOGI TADIPAR     
Plz pray for them god please save them 
..."at the mercy of greedy corporations."
If they were so educated as to learn from mistakes of the past why would they need you?
Middle class ko support me aana chahye.... Sbse bada loss consumers ko he hoga
Thank u so much sir for amazing lecture
6:30 ohh so only Haryana and Punjab's farmers can earn profit, so what should we do  you literally Said if govt increased their procurement in other states Punjab and Haryana's profit will decrease  is it wrong if we also started getting more profit and can live a better life
I am not against any side of any party... But I am feeling bad for farmers... 
Sir Indian National Movement ka full playlist bana dijiye please ....
Even bbc does not have the courage to speak against this govt as it's giving them huge money in form of advt
* Isa 26:19 " Your dead will live; their bodies will rise. Awake and sing, you who dwell in the dust! For your dew is like the dew of the morning, and the earth will bring forth her dead. "
The world is watching  .....Devoted Hanuman....Selfless Kissan  workin the land .....Mr Modis business interests screwing India  for a profit ....Indian lives matter .....
Yogendra you are nice  , dont like that deddy or whoever he is
Nice video  by Himanshi pandey dance
UP government CM jail
Farzi Kisaan neta  has been exposed badly now He is hiding behind farmers to save himself bolo ola hu uber
All this chaos is happening because of the misinformation regarding MSP. Intention of GOI is good but communication is bad.
Good job officers...
This is a prelude to india breaking up
We support farmer protest against three black law
Your version is jokernalism
Tikait and his gang is following Covid protocols as same as they followed law and order of country in 26th Jan. 
Modi has a big problem of coming up with reformist ideas but with pathetic execution. PV Narasimha rao and Manmohan Singh came up with big reform ideas but they were able to sell it to the "customers", they faced a lot of flanks at that time but today we see good results. Modi needs to be more like Atal Ji and less like Indira G.
Read whole bill, this video is still missing important points
Can I get pdf notes?
Amit Shah home minister planned everything -- 1000 RSS BJP ALREADY AT LAL QUILA before farmers got there - when farmers arrived police left no police for 2 hours .. Police blocked main rooute that was agreed and told farmers to go to LAL Quila why ???? 13 people stopped by farmers smashing public property - all had police ID Cards and said this was planned by police commissioner and AMIT SHAH - amit shah exposed  planned to put a end to the protest  - police are targeting sikhs and shot dead 3 people at red fort then ran - police helped BJP Goons target the women and protest site and watched then throw stone beat up women and elderly farmers - shame on delhi police - RACIST TOWARDS SIKHS - GENORCIDES TOWARDS SIKHS
Sir, you are such a learned person and with a whole lot of experience under your belt. You are one of those people who questions the government because you believe in an ideology, based on years of learning through experience, literature, history and not for the sake of asking questions. But I am very sorry to say that your analysis is so wrong at so many levels on this. What you are rejoicing at sir, is the victory of kisan netas of selective states who held the democracy hostage for approximately 1 year. Take a pause and think about this. At times, these protests became violent and now has overpowered the elected representatives of people of this country. Would you, a staunch believer of democracy and constitution rejoice if our democracy succumbs to such protests? Sir, you are a student of Indian polity and know it very well that even if the current government was ethically incorrect and ramrodded the bill, they still had the numbers to overpower any opposition by calling a joint parliamentary session. If you say you believe in constitution, then you shouldve denounced the whole act of kisaan netas here instead of rejoicing! And now when govt. (who is equally responsible for this debacle) has pulled the plug on these reforms, we can all kiss goodbye to any agri reform for next 25 years, at the least, and so can the 80 %  poor farmers of this country, who couldve become part of free market economics. This is victory of kisaan netas and dont tell me that you didnt know that Mr. Tikait was having his one eye on election all along.
When Supreme Court has uphold the law why blocking the road and what is this Abhi zarurat nah hogi to bula lenge
We farmers oppose this antifarmer. Bill
Jab Bihar mebor Bengal me bjp ki political raliya ho rhi thi,tab bhi to corona tha 
This is a big chal of rss !!! The whole world knows in the west America , Canada , uk , Indian Punjab , Pakistan . Where are you going to hide hindutva racist bastards ? !!!!!! Shame on you !!!!
Bhaiyo dont listen him  he is fake ! Dont vote him again  he is liar .he is absolutely do not trust him 
The Jehadists, looking at this video - these people are gundas and should treat people peacefully. The Jehadists looking at Kashmiri sepratists- these people are fighting for a cause so its alright to do this 
In malda west bengal mango sold before production and it's good
Hatsoff to whole team , from Telangana.
chadha penchor
This shameless guy is a shame for my state. Sambit patra is such a hypocrite. I stopped watching his debates.  He has been embarrassing odia people at the national level.
God bless America! 
Real farmers. should talk to Govt. 
You won billions of hearts Love You Farmers .
Jo class 10 th tak padha nehi woh farmer bill pe bolega aur log sunenge.
This is fair journalism 
Thanks you
*The Farm Laws were being used to create a wedge between Hindus and Sikhs in Punjab and the Khalistan Movement was piggy backing on it and a full-fledged return to terrorism was the next step.*
These farm laws became an emotional issue for Punjabis especially Sikhs. One thing Modi knows, he can't upset Sikh Community. Many BJP supporter Sikhs got alienated and took it at personal pride issue for Sikhs. At a time when Taliban, and Chinese at the borders, Government can't alienate the Sikhs who are well rooted diaspora in Europe and America and at higher positions in Army.
When our (Tamil) farmers protested there - they were indifferent.
Yogiji have to do something in this issue.
Not explained sub sections of all bills about 70% sections are against producers and consumers
Well Explained Bro..
congrats....ache din
migrants, Kidnapped and got scientists arrested, Eased Borders, Never 
Jai Jawan, Jai Kisaan !!!!!!! Sedition ?????? Again ?????? Laws, laws and more laws, still there is a permanent, systematic, systems failure. Doesn't matter, aur achche din, 2024 me aayenge.
farmers always thinks corporate are looters. This perception should change
with China till today;
MLAs appoluzies Becoz of next year's election.
Pass a law that means MSP doesn't go unless voted against by the state majority. I know government says MSP isn't going but nearly every government in the last 50 years have been full of liars. Are you surprised that farmers don't trust the government lol?
It was the worst bill in the history of India.
They have a clear intent of internalizing the issue as their will be clash when they try to enter Delhi by force overrunning the barricades and police force 
Hindus , Sikhs ,Christians parssis etc .
India'is a voilance Hindu muslim country & Huge amount of rapes
Because next year in March elections are coming congress has been collapsing, so u know wht it means
Stop making nonsense reports without any proper information about My Country 
8. Corona ke nam pr  vaccination ( old government me koe pressure nhi tha vaccination  like ...)
Change the headlines. Congress support middle men & their party men agitation. Don't spoil original farmers names, they are doing farming in their land. NDTV please respect  original farmers.
Fighting on horses, Awesome
Several states?? It's only Punjab
Heart touching news Ravish ji
Salute PM Justin Trodoue   we love you for your support to farmers and world peace and Human rights   
3 bills 3 simple points .     1) Govt should write it in the bill itself that MSP will not be removed. Farmers want written assurances.       2) ECA BILL- it is no problem to farmers but it will affect all the consumers in India,unless you dont eat food.  govt has removed the hoarding limit on Essential commodities, so private corporations can store as much of food grains and essentials commodities as much they want, In this way they can make ARTIFICIAL SHORTAGE in the market , and prices will go high and inflation go up and it will effect all consumers and their is more point in it that govt cant intervene unless it reach double ,so this govt helping middleman not removing it         .       3) 3)CORPORATE  Farming- in this there is a provision that if any private corporation doesnt pay to the farmer in 15 days , he can only complaint to SDM , he cant go upper judiciary .
first read plz , 1) farmers can  not decide price in apmc but they can bargain with different private companies for price 2 ) msp : govt has cleared that msp will continue ( more clearer picture bout it in future ) , 3) contract farming: they can contract with companies which assures fixed price paid to farmer after harvest , if he gets low price from them , he can sell in mandis , hence , monopoly is not a problem if this is implemented properly . 4) if prices of perishable guds increases by 100 % , and that of non perishable by 50 % , govt will add them in essential commodities and these guds will be regulated again , ( to keep a check on black market ) . Acc to me ( if my opinion counts ) , from last 20 yrs , farmers and farmer unions were asking for reforms in agri , and controlling middlemens policies towards farmers ;  so we shud appreciate this step ; yes all hav ryt to protest but all of us  shud  first see impact of this bill in future ; remember previous bills or acts were not so good to help farmers , they were mainly helping middlemen and farmers were doin suicides ; so if some govt has tried to bring reforms, lets try to appreciate and see how this is implemented , if there is any problem , farmers will go to court in near future .
To the Central Government -- and Delhi Police misguided. By wrongfully guiding Farmers . 
Minister should be resign!
Farmers are the back bone of India ..... I support farmer's 
Of course the airports have closed down, they have no government, no law. Even if you want to live a normal life you cannot. They need to stand up as a group and take their country back. Running, hiding and giving in, is not a solution.
You saw how the market was entered when Jio Company came.
Peacefull work by Peacefull community. 
Terrorist are briefing in press conference but the prime minister of. India not.       JAI KISSAN
Exactly ignore her.... Do not give publicity to her.... I love her but never thought she can say these words....
what a delightful interview. more power to tikait sahab and you guys!
Where were you all these years, NDTV why these kind of hype to these people, focus their previous generation
I may be wrong, but its my opinions...and those fkrs wo think i m wrong got to hell i dont care....Government should have ordered  to shoot these mothr fkr  terrorist and supporting politicians instead of lathi charge..now i dont  have respect for this kisan movement, jo apne fayede ke liye desh ka bura kr skta h, desh ka naam kharab kr skta h they dont deserve to live, only punishment for them is death, chahe wo aam aadmi ho, kisan ho, ameer aadmi ho , opposition ka leader ho, ya aur kisi party ka koi bhi neta ..These mothr fkr  Khaalistaani minded Farmers (not all farmers)(i m not saying about farmers who have genuine concerns and are silent protesters) and people and politicians supporting these kahlistani mothr fkrs supporting this kind of protests, removal of flag from Red fort are not Indian Nationals, they are terrorists, traitors
Modi wearing a saree?
Anchor sarkar hiteshi hai
listen); born 17 September 1950) is an Indian politician serving as the 14th and current prime minister of India since 2014. He was the chief minister of Gujarat from 2001 to 2014 and is the Member of Parliament for Varanasi.
Oppose the agricultural bills
o
Finally truth come out..congress want blood
Only one died? The Indian police is useless.
Sanjay Singh exposed
Modi will win next election because indien love corruption
Indian coward army can only fight bare handed Muslims of India and Kashmiri Muslim. The word Taliban make their dhotis and saris wet.
Last Republic Day-  CAA NRC
Yes.. Oil seed production needs to be increased. We important 70% vegetable oils. This will reduce oil price.
Janta Janardhan will decide who is right and who is wrong. Wait for election results.
In Afghanistan, men shoul wearing Burqa and  Stay home take care babies , because women are the real Warrior. They have earned the respect all around the world.
How misguided Punjab Government? 
We can understand your sorrow and pain. You have spent your whole life in the lies of the media and you And yet your media does not lie because there is always the curse of Allah on lies and you will always be in humiliation.
Solve the issue or loose public support forever.
Rastrahit bjp bhagao desh bachao
Sir Police To Chhodo Ye CRPF, CISF, RPF jese Central Ke Logo ke sath Jo Vahvhar karte hai 
The Delhi Police and administration are unfit to provide security to Delhi & NCR region.
Dena thanx you so much 
Taliban want to be able to escape to Pakistan in case of another attack by any outstanding forces. So they don't want a fence there.
Panjab is not far from you beta.
*Why should police be caught in this trap set by the politicians      Police should stand down. Let the Farmers  & politicians protesting clash with public. Let public feel the brunt. Public will be upset and take action against protestors*
best mandis of india is in Delhi (Parliament) and state legislatures.... where junk is sold and purchased...............
Todays Word - *Zinciferous* - Bearing zinc's this message was automatically generated by Gmail logo download on Android and iOS app store Google play store install
Then government should tolerate with  Terrorist also..
BJP has ruined Indian democracy. Shame on them. We are with our Kisan brother.
Why misuse of SEC 123 PROPERTY TRANSFER ACT on property registration of 1 of 2/3 stakeholders in Corona time (2020-2021) is not highlighted by media 
Rakesh tikait is so greedy
Thanks sir for your hardwork
Farmers subject to severe hardship and suffering, away from home for more than a year and stay in Delhi borders.
Jay hind Jay Bharat I love my India and proud of pm Modiji is great Pm of India
Kejriwal show what an ips do 
         communist party worker...
Shame on India media and India government
Doing good to nation. Thankyou
We don't need any symbolism
Threatened by firing in the air, mowed down by vehicles.
It's all anarchy... Nothing such will happen in India which is based on agriculture...
ONLY YOGIJI,TIKAIT MALA MAL HO RAHA HAI
All western slaves like Malala Yousuf Zai being used abused and soon to be thrown away as all ways. Where are religious rights, equality rights?
All these godi IT cell comments of them not being genuine farmers are just trash. They plan to diversify the communities. The court should punish those who are liable for such barbarity. It is the BJP government plan to sell the whole of India has established since independence.
Frmers are  not enemies , they are who feed India . It is unfortunate for the BJP they voted to power.
Amazing ...and thank you 
I doubt that Americans know how important it is to pay attention to this story. The unity that is being displayed by these people is the blueprint that you will have to follow if the time ever comes that you want to make change happen. This is how democracy is won. You might be okay living in a country without democracy America, but apparently these farmers are not.
Main implication is:  long awaited Agriculture Reform is a dead matter for ever. We small farmers will continue to be a subsistence farmer for ever. Now onwards don't have an illusion towards this government.
One can see the games the bright and the smart play.
GReat farmers awesome let them out this terrorist government
Only those farmers (a small group) who deal with foreign trade should be on strike,  the majority of Indian farmers
COMMENTS SECTION ARE FULL OF MINI MODI
He is a decoit not tiket
Apne Bahot Achhe se Samjhya Lekin 
Bhakts have been crying since morning.
Zand republic tv
Bhalo laglo apnader proyash, jodi 4 theke jure jure pothey 40 hoto tahole onno rokom tripti hoto.
Wish we had the same energy here in the US
No corona in so called farmers protest.
You and most Indian media are trying too hard to link the farmers protest to a Khalistan movement - this is your discredit agenda. Don't care what you call it, we will support the farmers.
Election fear
So basically the farmers want to remain how they are... They fear change since that will bring uncertainty.
Im South India every state has metro station and port and stadiums and airports and IT Companies and software and techno parks this all are because of local governments in South India BJP was worst
Pohele Aicha nehi kia (Kisan/other).
Ab police ha bhie action Lene se mana kar dena chahie
Support farmers for your own food in future
Modi should resign and he should go back train station..and sell tea or go modi barwae gooo
Let the small farmers suffer who cares .. 
Compare modi with other family run political parties honestly.
    1.2 farm services ? Contract farming , details like quality of crops , when to deliver them decided beforehand.
What is the story of:
My god! Brilliant explanation in the clearest of voices. I wish this channel hits the million club real soon
Plz beware Those fighting is not farmers.. those are the same goons who have come many times to disrupt peaceful protest and end the peaceful protest.. we all indians know who sent them to red fort!! Jai kisan
HUM BNE ISS MIITI SE ,
Shame on indian Government
This tragedy is happening with the help of police all
This reporting is a misrepresentation of facts. If this colluding forces in mandis(market yards) works so beautifully, why did even Americans, Candian, and Russians moved away from these models? 
- News18 is reading BJP sources
Dushyant Chautala , you pls study these laws. I can tell you have not read the laws else you would have been on the side of Farmers. Your Dy CM kursi is mor e important to you, it seems.
8.5 hour video. NDTV is definitely happy today. 
Police are so corrupt and telling lies so money.
By reading them  it seems everything is all right in the laws
We have right right to peaceful protest against government.
We brought this shit to ourselves by electing Modi
India TV please remove India from your brand name put bjp instead ... because you eat bjp's food not that which is grown by farmer....we as a farmer hate you..... please don't do this farmer put effort and soul to feed you all and even skip meal himself.... please don't do this.....
good explaination .....
Make Modi and Sha fearful when they make laws. It is for people not for some cos loot from farmers and make them grow like dinosaurs thus BJP can get huge money from them and grow their parties too. literally they are clean to public. PM Care Fund. Lol. More to come. Crush the power ! Go on Farmers....
Govt took right decision by repealing farm laws, indian deserves socialism not evil capitalism.
I never knew thing's were so simple to understand. It's great the way you simplified things with animation.
Just like rape, this will become normal.
Started on 9 Aug 2020 still going on 4 Sep 2021, Modi stop serving corporations!
masterstroke by the master-par-excellence just before UP elections ..... I bow to his political acumen
3.Khlafat....not Gutter politicians gutter jmoryat gutter assembly gutter judiciary.
After(harvesting) if farmers got much production .
Let the toll nakas be , or their will be worst roads
All this could have been avoided if modi government withdrawed the farm bill
And the murderer got away.  India the biggest non democracy in the world
Useless kids of India
NICE MEDIA COMPANY  .. ALL BIASED
Why the government isn't stepping back from farmers bil
5. Damage public property.
1. India did not gain freedom or declaration of independence like US ,Nehru Jinnah signed a pact to get power transferred to north Indian Hindi speaking caste brahmins and caste muslims. The most recent transfer of power was between UPA to NDA in 2014 under 10/10 Soros evm formula ( with fb twitter whatsapp fake news ) when all state politicians pimped their representations for Delhi high command.
Hope these people understand the importance and ability of these farm laws. Theses are good and will boost their income in near future. Sometimes it is good to take bitter pill in life to eat a sweet fruit in future.
Khattar , be carefull . WOA democracy in India
My dear media fellow , sorry for your mind-set that every decision is taken keeping in mind elections . In other words you means that all decisions were taken keeping in mind elections and  especially present regime . Salute to your analysis . But you have no time to discuss pros and cons of farm Bill. Thanks and regards 
Very good for manipulating people who can't read bill for themselves.
This government is hypocrite and against the Idea of India 
Some wear tailored shawls,  keep long beards and works relentlessly for small farmers 
When idiots like Sudhir Tihari call our food givers as illiterate, drag those Tihari to the roads and beat them farmers. Show them the strength is in unity, and not in literacy. A farmer has much knowledge about skill, pesticides, fertilizers than an agriculture student
What is she doing, first women finance minister??
There appears no use of discussion at the time of promulgation and no use at the time of repeal,everything is decided  by majority which is ensured after election results declaration and govt formation.The whole process is thus democratic, people are saying.
the law says MSP won't be removed.
So this is The Worlds Biggest Democracy
Sir please make a video on financial bills
you can sense modi support in this report...
It's happen only in India
Congratulations to All 
No reason for the incident mentioned throughout their reporting*
Pls make an essay on RCEP and why India opt out of it
Taliban or terrorists never should be trusted.
The best explanation from both the pov as to why it is good to some extent and why it is not.  
Pure UP me 144 this vulture opposition can do anything for power to loot Poor's money ,now a days they are totally empty pocket.. 
Yes, why only Punjabi farmers have a problem with the laws and NOT THE OTHER FARMERS ALL OVER THE INDIA?? Are only Punjabi's a farmers in India? Why no one stressing on how the created a chaos and beat police. Why no one stressing upon the fact that the other farmers of India protested against these punjabi farmers and Said that if the other farmers of India have no problem with this then why there is a problem with only these?? This is too much of partiality. Congress purposely doing these bad games.
And thanks a lot, nice initiative from your side.
Akalis are the worst politicians that a state can get. It's Punjab's bad luck that we have them.
Should have executed them for pushing farmers back into hardships. F ing buggers.
Photo copy of Indira Gandhi if you know if know I salute Panjab
You are on the path of becoming godi media
They are behaving like a roudys  not as farmers some of them
Couptaji's vindictiveness against NaMo is in full display. Even though he acknowledges that Farm Reforms are necessary, he rejoices at their failure just because his Masters are across the border. He goes to the extent of almost terming his supporters as naive & protestors have been raised to level of Demigods. No wonder his unscrupulousness has ensured his survival in cut throat world of journalism for so long.
Congress is a only opportunists party. Priyanka and rahule proved that they are the grandson's of indira gandhi. Who create bhinderwala and ideology of khalistan for her dirty politics
Dilshad please improve your knowledge.
Election  is near
Chudani & Dacoit are disturbing India Internal peace . They had proven themselves as Traitors.
This is the real terrorism showing bjp
Repeal three laws? Yeah, and repeal the nationality law, and ban the IMF and World Bank, and forgive all farmers debt, and subsidize small farms, and invest in rural and poor communities, and invest massively in infrastructure, and abolish caste discrimination, and...
Modi is best leader and pm of 
This is embarrassing!!!
BJPs ruling is atrocious! This is all because of inefficient ruling by Mr. Modi. 
Logic itself is flawed as they went to farmers protest to gain insights about govt vs farmer . It would make more sense to also go to non protestors and understand why these laws will work . technically sample space is skewed
Govt only care about winning elections
R v fighting the  BRITS 
Two points I would like to make. 
Terr-orist so called farmers. 
a few dozen people destroying the country,
New update: farmers lost 70 crore this year due to contract farming in nashik. Corporates dint pay the farmers after exporting the goods.
---Committed massacres of Sikhism, captured their territories and attacked Harmandir Sahib so
The desert shall blossom as the rose.
How many time the term 'pawitra' was used by baba electiondas feku?
Aakhir bjp bhi election ke liye cheeje karne par Utar aayi. Not happy with pm. 
Save farmers save india fuchure
It's nothing wrong if three laws are rolled back on understanding people's pain.
I was a secular Hindu  before taliban took over, but now i have shifted to Hindutuva! I fear Talibans, i have a fear with Islam now after Taliban take over!
7. If this was done by bjp at ayodhya , SC gave a clean chit disposing off the case as there is no substantive evidence to prove. Did these farmers destroyed any historical monuments of unity as they were anti national elements.
Farmers are true hero. They try to divide amongs farmers
What a analysis
Farmers are struggling against these black laws . Government should repeal these laws . kisaan ekta jindaabaad 
They should have the right to demonstrate, they only want justice for their work
Shame on police 
Sister in humanity, you are lacking, you need to update yourself.
They think they represent 36 crore farmers. 
He will become irrelevant shortly
Amitt Shaji and Peacock Bhayya is busy with election campaign for Hyderabad municipality.
Should be sacked for miss use of power
God gives us a beautiful Easter life for everyone but we never understand!
nothing more nothing less.
Actually it was an awareness issue and opposition fueled sentiment of poor villager sentiment that Government want to grab farmers land.
11. Bengal bss godi media me jeet rha tha pr election haar gye.
Good communication and well explained.
Whats wrong with Indian media
ABP ..
And Free Market economics is not the best for  small players, but, it will benifit the whole lot by avoiding 'Dead Weight Loss'.
Roads were blocked by govt not kissans mazdoor
U speak so pure hindi 
Air port par goli America KE fojiyon ne chdai thee Rza graphi cenal news me batlaya gya he
this channel is amazing they give a lot of information keep up the good work you will soon reach 1million subs
Why did he give up now elections he is another ordinary politician who plays numbers. Nothing new
Maybe throw that water into their fields it would be little helpful
Please check every thing withever you speaking or thoughting .
UP police is more like terrorist with uniform and government of india is now becoming a financer of all the riots and killings ......why don't government and police make themselves come back to right path so that no need to do wrong deeds and people will vote if public gets benefits or values and facilities all over the country ..... LEADERS should be equal for all community or caste or religion but in india everything is gone beyond inhumanity .they are more than terrorist with post and power and public money .
Sir your animination is great i. Think vedantu say maza ayega toh samaj ayega but there teaching is boring and your teaching is maza ayega toh samaj ayega sir apko aapna app bana chaiyae We support you
Be the Leader of Fortune
Singhu border. Four state people Punjab,  haryana,  himachal and jammu kashmir are suffering.  2.5 hour transportation etc is being done on shabby road. Neither govt nor kisan leaders are understanding common man problems.  If proper survey is done it will be revealed that millions of people have lost their livelihood
Ravish kumar, you are my heartbeat Sir love you Ravish ji,
Hi. I had two questions.
When Khalistani surround you 
Another of Godia..
Need a similar workers' movement in Pakistan, but our big bad wolf is the military corporation. Just look up Okara military farms, where military has occupied farming land and the local farmers have been fighting their own fight without any help from anyone and a country wide media blackout
So if you make a video channel or a video regarding the three farmer law.
Jesus Christ coming soon repent john 3 vs 16
Plz accept BJP code of conduct otherwise no future for them
Stand with farmers 
Salute Ravish sir
Good informtion
Indian farmers produced a record 24 million metri tons of pulses a few years back, it was targetted production, yet commerce ministry allowed imports from Canada to Australia. The result being our farmers could not get even MSP for their pulses! Is it not irony and injustice? 
Your chattukarita = killing of farmers
SALUTE TO FARMER'S  OF INDIA .
Bro it's not 4th generation warfare we donot want to become puppets of Adani's and Ambani's
So many lynching have taken place this dog like man never spoke about it .
Modi has never and never lost on farm laws , infact he has won all over
Lagta hai 4th generation war start ho hi gae
Too much lie
Hindus unite or perish! Let the Army deal with these jehadis meanwhile we should crush the Communists and Islamic fanatics living among us
SIR..ASSALAM.
Navdeep singh, real life hero ise kehte hain hero, na ke movies mein duplicate se stunt krwane wale darpok. NAVDEEP SINGH DA NAAM HISTORY VICH LIKHEA JAWEGA SADA SHER
The fact that most of them are not farmers but rather landlords
Respect. Proud. Jai Hind. Your struggle is remembered and inspire future fights against dictator ship like rule.
Need more to be done!!
please do in hindi and other reginal languages...
There was and is no agreed route for revolution. March on Rajpath Occupy Parliament. Parliament site is a lease given by farmers. Take it back. 
All old tractors are getting fitted fir local licrnce less leaders and farmers which will be pulled by  Buffaloes and Bulls to show high fuel price also.REASON FOR CREATING  PUBLIC NUISANCE  CAN BE ANY SILLY THING.
#SupportOurFarmers #JaiKissan
Shame on yogi govt and up police
Major Gaurav Arya,,,,,, HELLO, where ru? Listen please????
Deat of democracy and death of  justice  system
F at
I'm glad bjp person didn't blame Nehru and Congress for this incident . Are we living in stone age? I thought India is a democratic country.
I am the son of farmer. I live in Gujarat and I know what happens on farmer when they can't sell their crops somewhere else where they can get more money . Lots of small farmers from Maharashtra send their sugarcane to Gujarat and sell it for sake of more margin. They do it under the table and they give cut money to brokers. 
We salute our brothers Sardarjis. They are the best of India. Most of us in Kerala love them for their hardwork, honestly, love for humanity. They will win . 
Law sahi hain ya nahin, they cant protest this way. They're saying we are farmers.. annadata.. backbone of country... support us.. but also doing violence like this and raising religious flag. If RSS raises bhagwa flag will you be fine with it? No na. Then why hypocrisy? And those trying to protect these goons are worse. First they said farmers had no choice isliye they became violent. Now they're saying its BJP only they're causing insider attack. Then they said farmers didnt know the way so they got lost and ended up in red fort. Again they said only gujjar and jatt farmers are violent sikhs aren't.  What happened to "This is all India protest. this is all religion protest" 
Election jo aa rhe hai
Great girl
Fucke Indian bjp party 
Excellent explanation. Monopolist in online Education. Sir thanks
PLEASE DO NOT ASK FARMERS TO SELL WHEREVER WHO PAYS HIGHEST.
People like the Taliban are just torturing their fellow Afghans and to what end. Do lead the country but earn people's love.
That is good news for Kashmiri people 
This  happened when,  indian got most  uneducated PM EVER.
rupees per year income.  
well done freedom fighters
Corona is not against human but the World wide Democratic Governments again humanity, they have to control us as below the animals levels, so many rules for Human but the animals are living independently!
A single stick of matches of Indian  farmers goes to Modi Luxury car and his company
This is not victory of Indian farmers it's a win of Congress and co Dallas
99 percent of these farmers are illiterate, in my state Kerala nobody is protesting . ask the leader of this protest to have a live debate , i dont know why these uneducated north indian support these idiots
Crores of kissan against bjp
Always blaming others.
In support farmer
The decision shows
In order to cover their embarrassment they are calling the rest of farmers from all the states to protest against this bill... What kind of stupid idea.. Lol.
Congratulations to the farmers.
For example...
Atleast now other news channel can think of shifting their interest...a perfect day for reaching all citizens of india..support to farmers...laws cannot be forced specialiy when they are significantly wrong...let's see how long this govt can ignore.
All are not farmers, some of them are scoundrels who just try to take revenge from country & countries commercial assets.
Rip in advance
Sad to say that we had lost many of life's (farmers) mass suicide hence, three min silence for the ones who losses thier one's PM Narendra modi you can do this before... 
2. If any dispute between farmers and corporate people. Court doors are shut for farmers they cant go to any court . They can only go to sdm or maximum to dc . Now you tell me  is a sdm or dc in range of a small farmers in india?
The farmers agitation is only troubling  poor public and Govt appears to be least bothered. 
Zee news & Zee group owner Subhash Chandra's accounted for 8,400 crs worth of NPAs of Yes Bank.          8,400           ,-
Ashraf Ghani army and Police was trained India. Why the training in India is so worsed. Sorry to say this but it is DAY LIGHT Fact.
6.More than 87% of indian farmers are very small - like less than 3 to 4 acres so all these farmers can't sell their produce other than local markets due to very high transportation charges
This happens only in India and I really appreciate Delhi police they did not shot down anyone. Should have done peacefully. Bht galt hoya
If you know it.
He is a grand hypocrite a master at making speeches .  I know RSS very well it has no place for Farmers or rural India . The RSS is sworn to uphold interest of capitalism first. His underlying thrust  on penetration of corporate into  agriculture sector which is the true engine of power with  its vote bank and produce . We are nowhere as industrial country nowhere in manufactured goods and export. Instead of capacity building of rural India He wants market operators to take over.
Why are these not holding indian flag
This one of the fake protest for nothing.its helpful indeed farmers only..
Chowkidhar is Chor
Police  start everything  
Waiting for your video sir, Please!
Son of union minister must be  high on drugs or highly intoxicated to Run over the peaceful farmer protesters 
Congress this jb ye sawal nhi puchha iss topi baaj ne....
Now wion hire an African so its less obvious with the ties to the Indian government. Smart
So much respect to farmers!
Humanity is best religion keep it up
PLEASE SAVE OUR COUNTRY
Whenever election comes this people become active
You explain so well Sir.. Thanks a lot!
Tum 1000 ho wo 40 hai
Aise ghatia police officer ko turant dismiss karna Chahiye ye smaaj k liye ache nahi hote. Natao k chaaploos hai ye. Khattar dushat dono murdabad Kisan ekta jindabaad
RAHUL GANDHI MUST BE PUNISHED FOR WRONGDOINGS GOVIND 19WILL INCREASINGLY  RAKHT TICKET PROTESTERS TO DESTABILISE GOVERNMENT  OF INDIA
Modi is the agent of IMF, World Bank, MNCS.As per there instructions Modi withdraw s the law...
Who murdered Om Puri?
Jai Shree ram 
 In 1962 India China War, Congress Party lost Half Laddakh Due to Demilitarization of Indian Army.
 mr tikait knows everything about Taliban , but as I heard from some politicians and intellectual that Taliban is freedom fighter group , they are good 
Such hypothetical numbers... What pathetic news reporting
As FM announced in budget road development infrastructure fund allotted is being utilised...by digging up roads, nailing up roads, raising of concrete walls, barbed wires to stall the farmers protest... Murder of democratic india...only paper ballot can save the country...
*preventing Sikhs from practising their religion by active discrimination against Gursikhs who wear all their mandatory artefacts
I was hard core BJP supporter until 2019, but now my views changed.
FASCISM means a culture of CULT based superiority of MASTER HUMANS over all others (SLAVE HUMANS). It is a draconian system in which Godlike insane power vests with fascists masters.
	-What they actually did?
Our greedy politicians are responsible for this. 
#with farmers
Rioters and brokers won. Nation and poor farmers failed.
Shame on them, what they have done in republic day. When route were agreed why they creat such mess..
Modiji will not dare ram the Sikhs on the wrong side .
great explanation and support for farm reform s specially coming from Shekhar and Print,  which is mostly critical of tne govt, 
Why  supreme court   silent   in  west   bangal ,   why  supreme court silent  in Kashmiri  Pandit  deaths 
Over 7000 registered farmer organizations and only 400 protesting....Assuming that the protesting "farmers" are correct and the laws are really "Kaale kanun" then farmers in other 6000+ organizations are fools?
This are khalistanis and dalals, the more they will do drama even after the withdrawl of farm bills the more Bjp will gain power and popularity and will become stronger
FORMARS ATTACK MINISTER CAR.......DRIVER TRY TO ESCAPE.....HIT 4 FORMARS & FORMARS KILL 4 BJP WORKERS...THIS IS NOT PROTEST ....THIS AGENDA OF UP ELECTIONS.....THIS ARE NOT FORMERS...GOONDAS
I've never seen such big smile and happiness on Yogi Adityanath's face but today I saw in this video his facial expressions are speaking more then his words! 
Only propgenda congress article 370 to pegasus only propgenda
You are  as responsible @ndtv give coverage to the rape at farmers protesting camp
Good morning
Other Protects us from enemies.
 kisan mazdoor ekta zindaabaad. They think they know what all things we go through everyday in our crops.
They accuse the farmers as anti nationals as Khalistani I wouldn't be suprise of this mindset that says all this Farmers in India are jealous of ex Chaiwala who first become Namo Har har ghar ghar then become Chief Feku of the Country, who wear lakhs and chores of money of clothes ha ha
Jay Javan
Finally some positive news. I hope everyone reaches home safely.
Aise police Walon Ko Goli maar Dena chahie
This is one of the drawback of democracy
Kuchlna jroori tha to...agr marna hota unhone...to ek bomb b fenk skte the...??
Basically instead of wiping out the debt of farmers, use the money to help improve the farmer's livelihood and India's future.
Thank you... Very Beautifully explained.easily understood... Great work.
Modern history ke aapka lagbhag savi video dekha aur bahut kuchh sikha. Modern history itna sufficient hai baki jo remaining hai Modern history me wo self study se surely ho jayega kyonki concept clear ho chuka hai
CAA , NRC and Uniform civil code is necessary to india
how many lucknow farmers as audience? I believe very few ..
Repealing this Farm Laws and Apology
Still farmers are being misguided by these so called farmer leaders or lap dogs of middle men aka Dhallals.. who want to make money without any effort by fooling the farmers by giving statements that Corporate companies will take over your farmers land.. At the end farmers who have no knowledge of this bill will come out and protest. BUT if any media ask the question like why you are protesting against this bill?
Modi put party above country on all issues from palghar to bengal ,shaheen bagh & now this ,time to teach modi ,shah coward a lesson for betraying us.
This is not victory for farmers but victory for middlemen. Poor farmers would have benefited from these laws. Now they will keep committing suicide.
A good report...hats off to You!!!
indian parliament most unculture and sound poluted parliament  i have ever scene,,
Now prople on india wont behave like talibans ramming people due to a unpad godi hope they get youtube n noone will take this loot enough of this brainwashed people n media times now etc tryinv their best to help loot poor ghatis who forgot they were smacked killed no help on streets n govt says population is a burdern to make ul believe its for muslims infact ul r used for votes n sucked dry unfortunately mazdurs wont able to tead this but soon bjp will go out all r fed up tats y he was licking trupms ass
All the leftist anti nationals are happily commenting shamelessly saying this is a unbiased channel. Lol. Do you know the meaning of unbiased?
We farmers from South India are extremely happy by the decision of the government..
Corrupt Govt need to stop this scam of Buying votes on the name of sending Farmers 2000rupee every 3 month, instead make MSP as law so farmers get their cost, make MW ( minimum wage ) law so general labour working in cities and metro cities in construction, renovations, cleaning , Gardners and servants and maids for rich and ultra rich & above middle Class
So this is the reason for the protest
it means these elections in every five years have much more used to people, the power to vote and elect your favorite govt. is a serious duty to every countrymen
now i learn this concept more deeply. book me jo likha wo sab galat hai!
*We support Modi against this Deshdrohi*
Middle man are problem in india. They earn more than farmer themselves
This was what ..imran Khan.. says in unga these BJP goons
I Dont know what happen.
Sir make a video related to nabard
Arrest all these people if there is violence 
All the best
They produce and whole India eats farmers are for their Right
Anna the agenda master
These are not real farmers. Send in the Gurkha troops, in 2 days "farmers" will all be gone.
And about media, they don't have any other work else except  spreading fake and illogical things that have nothing to do with us and you guys wasting your precious time in the comment section. Wheater it is European, Asian or any media. All are same. Toxic..
thank you studentsall geve suport formers jai baratha
ruthless fellows,they have forgotten that what ever they eat comes from our farmers,this is achee din,and gift for electing this fascist govt
It is really sad to see the plight of those cops too as they have to listen to their authorities and get all the beatings.
Now farmers are protesting in Punjab, but NDTV not showing anything regarding that, I don't see any clip of them, why so?? Is it sign of biased? But yes no media is fair we understand!!
God gives everything in Earth for everyone. Everyone has the Rights to live anywhere in the World!
The print is the most Anti Indian ... It's the type of channel that Don't accept the ecence of India... 
HUM  BDE ISS MITTI MAIN,
time just just wall it off and let them all kill each other...
I want farmer protests inside Delhi but peacefully and keeping law and order in mind
An eye opening information.
Majority Formers were not agree with these protesters but Indian are sensitive for Panjab and Sikhs. 
Police has not fired at them ,then who are these shaheeds?
We r with our farmers only 
Rally should go peacefully 
2:32 isn't Myth3 backed by fact??
besharmi news channel
Most unbiased analysis ever...better than Rubbish Kumar and Arknob
Stupid Mr.Modi get rid of the Prime minister and the BJP party from India this is only way to safe guard the country
Pls provide essay on doubling farmers income by 2022
This gonna be Bad time for this bjp rss
Is Rahul and Priyanka going to Sri Nagar? Are they going to give 50 lakhs for each of the victim in Sri Nagar too?
Now, you can more visibly realize that these three bills are for Ambanis like corporates and in no way for the farmers.
Lovely lecture sir...
All the best for the third wave....this time too they will blame kumbh mela!!
Why the farmers don't have a cooperation?
Protesting against state machinery if need be is Democracy. Thoo on Khattar , this cop Navdeep and the SDM Karnal Ayush. Shame on them. Killing those who they have an both to serve and protect.
Its to late to strike back.. The taliban have many armaments ammonition stocks.. The afghan forces is Coward and lack of training..
Now the game is started by modiji no one know how he thought and how to lead
These all r congressi chamche,,,,income tax bacha rhe kisaan bnkar aur Faltu dramebazi kr rhe
Tihari ... you should change the title to BJP ke gundo ki aag
No farmer no food up up farmer .
Victory of democracy..
Shows How Difficult It Is To Bring A Change/Reforms In India  
It is unfortunate that a well known channel such as this is spreading misinformation.
1. 1 year now...laws abolished...
Indian culture and socity
This gentleman has been proved wrong.
Sarkar Ta Satish Supreme Court bhi so gai
Finly farmer won
lekin 3m kisan desh ki sadko pe he....na wo chutiya he jo apne kamdhande chohd ke sadko pe he.... bil galat he govtment unke saath cheat ker rahi he is liye kisan andolan ker raha he....
He would have straight away slapped Harivans
Its shame that people of India only protest now when they want free stuff like protest for reservation and farm laws which are ending their free electricity, and water services without paying any tax and want gov. which they protest against to buy their food at a fixed price regardless of market price.
Kisan morcha fathe ho gea 
Bifurcation  of U.P is only solution. State Govt can't handle large state.
Common public will suffer
Thnx u so mach u r ossam nice and sab bhut ache se samhje aai h 
Joy Hind
Foreign lobby wins over democratic decision.
Sir, PlZ eek topic discuss kijiye what is lower court, High court and international court.
Give all of them a painful death.....no one should be spared. These terrorists are killing people in the name of farmer protest
If patience is tested much than outburst at a point of time is nothing to be shocked...
One bill refers to procurements.
BBC Moto only to defame India
Does anyone care what the opposition says . They speak both sides . People of India are with Modiji. No more talks with these anti social elements who have made the poor farmers sit on protests forcefully
N in cc Rd
Afghanistan don't need aid, they need a bomb dropped on them, that would be justice
But why mandi system is only good in punjab and haryana? Government should make more mandis accross the country so that all farmers could get a good price  for their crops
Very helpful video! Congratulations mam.
Revolution stage: Modi stops roads now farmers will attack by drones.
He should have apologize for the loss of lives..
Someone with guts should teach a good lesson to America. Never mind you are just bunch of
Shows how difficult it is to bring Reforms in India 
Few things need to learn from China, how to control these Khalistanis. Just shoot them and sell there organs for transplant..
5.Due to monopoly  and high power in corporates - they will force farmers to sell/contract for free 
Iron rods, Stones .
I think they are not real farmers they are middlemen thats why their bussinesses are finished after this law so thats why they are protesting real farmers are getting benefit of this law by that law they can sell their goods directly in market
Please improve your speaking, ma'am
Human being Breathing Air from the Nature!
News channel has no right to cover now  at first  they boycott ....
First police used language and force . Khatar gutter liar. This is not the first d.m. At a marriage recently in Uttar Pradesh the d.m. Misbehaved with the common people
Truely biased.
Yes yes this 1 birds n animals ke liye panni aur chota mota channe chawal bajra jrur rkhe . Thnks . Gali m shat pe ya kahi b aur. Apka yh chote chote steps can save lifes .HELP.     PLZ APP SAB N EVERYONE ALSO SHARE N WRITE THESE MESSAGES. U can also copy paste. It can and will save many lifes . PLEASE plz plz don't ignore  .. Plz plz bhul mat jana plz . Andekha mat Krna plz Plz  save lifes Bhagwan Ji Khush honge . .God bless u
Acha abi kitne or lathe othana chata ho
The current GDP is around Rs. 140 lakh crores, Agricultural GDP is Rs. 19 lakh crores, value of food grains Rs. 11 lakh crores. Farmers offer around 50 % of food grains for sale at Rs. 5.5 lakh crores of which 50% are sold in APMCs at 2.75 lakh crores. Considering cost of procurement at 30%, the value of 23 MSP crops is approximately Rs. 3.6 lakh crores. The total tax and non-tax revenue for the Government is Rs. 23 lakh crores (GST 3, Income tax 8, Corporate Tax 7, non-tax revenue 5 lakh crores). Thus, MSP commitment of Rs. 3.6 lakh crores exceed the entire GST collected ! Around 70% of tax revenues are generated from urban areas. Unless the tax revenues increase substantially, legalizing MSP is the toughest. Therefore, in addition to institutional solution of MSP, market solution permitting buying / selling outside APMCs, benefits society due to new supply / value chains. Further, Nominal Protection Coefficient for agriculture being 0.87, farmers can realize 13% higher price in international markets with encouragement to exports. 
Agar food khana hai to Ye to purchase karna hi hai.....  Aur Govt revenue generate karaye gi.....
my full support ti farmers and aap 
Ultimate explanation!!!!!!
Corrupt govt who have taken fund for china and commited billions of dollar before 2014 and current govt both should go
finally repealed
he's unbeatable 
News24 best channel
Chahe ho langer 
Ofcourse no reasons to continue protest now. But I'm sure the so-called farmers won't move still as Tikait is excusing now.
---2nd time invaded Bhutan but failed in 2017 due to international pressure;
India to America:- SAALE UCHI DUKAAN FEEKA PAKWAAN.
Hopeless Taliban .....
Chutiya news Channel
modi has destroyed india
I am waiting you to give clarification on these black laws. If you are already ready to make all the major changes, it means these laws are wrong.
Mene bola tha taliban jete ga or mere sher ne bhi bola tha owse ne
I THINK GOV OF INDIA SHOULD GIVE HIM GOLD MADAL FOR RUNNING OVER FARMERS INOSANT PEOPLE BJP PARTY MEMBER HAVE DONE COACH GREAT WORK MARSHALLAH THIS MAN IS  ONE 100% HINDU THIS IS NOT A CRIME AFTER ALL THIS MAN AND HIS SON ONLY KILLED SIKH'S IN GOOD INDIA KILLING MUSLIMS AND SIKH'S AND OTHER MANRTY IS NOT A CRIME SAMPLE AS THAT PLZ GIVE THAM GOLD MADAL FOR RUNNING OVER FARMERS WITH GEEP HE SHOULD HAVE GET BUS SO HE SHOULD HAVE KILLED MORE PEOPLE MUBARAK TO BJP
Ab to hatenge pichhe kaand jo hagaya ab..  very bad . They even throw indian flags. Shame yaar.. 
Jay T M C
Protest is very very important in democracy , and this is our biggest power to save democracy
The Wrong people lead the country...
Priyanka should became a new face of congress rahul should take a break .
Who youre expecting to watch +8hrs video?
trump and modi have same fanatics as their fanbase.
Well done. Kindly apprise us expenditure of leaders like nanda, pm modi etc where do they and who pays there expendture
True fact cant be  denied or hide if some one want to see.
Andolan ka naya daur....1.5 yr in open...first in world history...its also due to Mahatma Gandhi s way....
Fascio (pronounced [fao]; plural fasci) is an Italian word literally meaning "a BUNDLE=UNITY OF GROUP IS POWER" or "a sheaf", and figuratively "LEAGUE=MAFIA", and which was used in the late 19th century to refer to political groups of many different (and sometimes opposing) orientations. Fascism is a movement that promotes the idea of a forcibly monolithic, "regimented = enslaved = obedient citizens" nation under the control of an MESSIAHNIC autocratic ruler. The word fascism comes from fascio, the Italian word for bundle, which in this case represents bundles of people: Group Consciousness, mob consciousness, wolf-pack consciousness, wild wolf "BEAST CONSCIOUSNESS".
Alas for the world that such causes of stumbling arise! Come they must, but woe betide the man through who they come!   (Mathew 18: 1-7) 
Thanks you team drishti 
No shame in being wrong.. what is shameful is being arrogant..
Everyone needs independent and peace to live with the family .......
Doing politics
Italian mafia and totichor are real culprits,shd be hanged for killing 9people
NDTV is famous for bjp ruled anti government news..... Recently NDTV owners are caught in gambling of indian stock market....where people's money have been cheated by NDTV promoters....NDTV promoters should be hanged by indian judiciary....they are fraud...
2 : 96. *And surely you will find them as the greediest for life among mankind, even more than the Mushriks, each of them wishes that he would have been given life for a thousand years! Yet by granting him such a life would never save him from punishment, and Lord Allah is an Observer of whatever they are doing.*
You are the biggest threat that the country has faced Sir PM.
Police wale v besrm ho gye h jo apne bap pr gole chhor rhe
Looks like Congress bastards fraudsters organized protests part of happening all looks like well planned protests every body were ready to arrive at protest spot but police were properly available in actions and normalized situations
Non bailable warrant for opposition leaders who are creating this problem in india
Another shameful work by the west
Kick all GMO out of the country.  Big Ag is a wolf in sheeps clothing.
Indian Umjanata must remove Modi  and Omit Shah from power to safe Indian Intercity and Sobvernity.
...MY SUPPORT AND RESPECT TO THE GREATEST NATION OF PEOPLE ON THIS EARTH...THE BEAUTIFUL,DESCENT,KIND,INTELLIGENT,LOVING AND GIVING PEOPLE..THE SIKHS..IM A WHITE ENGLUSH MAN BUT I WOULD FIGHT AND DIS ALONG SIDE THEM...YOU'VE REALLY GOT TO BE SOMEONE SPECIAL TO BE A SIKH...ESPECIALLY IN THIS WORLD,WITH ITS DARK,CRUEL AND EVIL WAYS.....GOD BLESS YOU ALL...AND MAY YOUR GODS WATCH OVER AND PROTECT YOU...AND ALWAYS ANSWER YOUR CALL..
Sir Thank you, for giving us an eagle view of the situation.
India don't need to intervene in Afghanistan. Rather invest more time in strengthening from inside and have a close eye on the Nexus of China and Pakistan. After all china is like yesteryears Soviet with an eye on resources of Afghanistan
Ab framer will decide who is next pm of india ..
The whole jammu and kashmir + ladakkh region will start protest against the abrogation of 370. 
Don't trust him
Jai ho Satye Sanatan Vedic Dharm ki
police made  violence due to central government . so no farmer leader responsible for this. because police only arresting only kisan union leaders not culprits like deep sindhu. we people are not fool. delhi police are doing everything what central government  is ordering .!!!
Import of maze must be stopped
Now more clear about the topic 
Big win of democracy, need reforms which take farmers welfare in centre
Third class channel
No any politicians people mainly modi
   anchor
But ironically many bjpa leaders are hired from congress 
Now a days locals in becoming new name for goons hired by some parties
Farmers having their Breakfast while sitting on chairs and most of them having western breakfast only. Businessman Farmers??
Librandus and muslim donot want to go to AFGANISTAN..
   I want to know that why do you are not doing it free.. Please sir if you want it you can make it free for only one day...
The Indian State has to act faster and Swiftly 
SG as well as the GOI is totally oblivious of the agricultural community because:
She is right.. Absolutely right
Happy Republic day
up me aab yahi hoga corona corona essi me hi bolne ka himmt h election ke rally me toh bol nhi paogi
As farm laws already stayed, why they are protesting?
Delhi police should learn crowd management from UP police and follow model of prayagraj kumbh mela.
Godi media murdabaad .. Shame on you Godi media . Your this shameful act will be written in the Indian histor and our future generations will spit on you... Jai jawaan, Jai  kisaan
We Tamils support Sikhs and all farmers protesting there! 
What is the situation of Rajesh Tikhayath the useless leader of Kisan morcha
Stand with kisaan
Islam is like a challenge to humanity for survival. Just like in the primitive ages of humanity there were wild beasts which humans had overcome to evolve humanity. Similarly, one day humanity will be overcome Islam one day and get rid of this virus only to evolve into a better society and harmony.
Khud hi honest rates decide kare, aur uspe hi beche.. Warna beche hi naa... Aur har kisaan ko ye rule follow karna hoga.. 
Great .... Continue this gd pi series sir
Corruption galore in India.  No way will India prosper in this world.
Agar in mulko ki food production pe kabza karlia to dunya ki food production pe kabza hojae ga
Thank you so much sir
Advising song worth hearing
Amrinder Singh, being a Jatt Sikh, doesn't have support of Jatt Sikhs. We see Patiala as a Gaddar. We support the Sikh Empire of Maharaja Ranjit Singh. BJP hasn't studied history and got a loser in 
Finally going back after Destroying Real Farmers Live's destroyed Country Reputation.... bloody Goons 
You can't test once patience for such a long time. You can't consider all parts of india have same patience capabilities. If it were tamilians the story would be different from day 3 itself. You people simply ignore their protest and highly executes mischievous plan by govt. Side.
I love this comedy show
Please remove your shoes as langar is going on... Its also important from point of view hygiene.
I wish I could have a friend like her who could educate me about such topics!
The farmers modified their tractors to use it as weapon! 'Patriotic' 'poor' 'farmers'...!
India is no democracy now. The day you disagree with Government you become anti national in the eyes of the Govt and media controlled by Govt.
If govt has passed this bill to give benefits to the farmers. If in case in future somewhere if farmers incurred some loss due to this bills then govt duty to change as per the need. It is not compulsory that only bjp has to do it. It has to be done by the party who is in power. All time opposing is not the solution it will always keep us backward.
JO BHI PROJECT DICLARETON IS ARTIFICIAL PMEGP / MUDRA / AND CGTMS IS POLYCALY AND RICHPORTION PROJECT  '"PLESE PM SIR COAPRET TISH  TIPE OF PROJECT FOR YOUNGPEPOLE  NOT RICH PEPOLE  "" BANK NOT RECIVING GOMET SCHHEM   ICAN'T FAINANCE WITHOUT SIKUTITY MONY CGTME IS NOT ELIGIBUL
Previously i think Modi is not good person. Now I can surely says He is the great Prime minister India ever had. All khalistani people know the truth. Now they begin to fear .Ha ha ha . great
 committees              ...
I always support farmers 
Government never agreed for MSP.
Its time the protesters should use the kirpan!...
Defaming ur own motherland...
Like a thriller terrorsts disguised as farmers and with the support of oppn N Soros fooled the genuine farmers and created unrest 
This proves that its not just an American thing, its a human rights response. The people will not stand for tyrannical governments.
You call it violence, they just clearing thiers ways to move forward , real volience was happened at time of ram rahim , that was violence i would say this is peaceful
I'm big fan of you
I think lalllantop bhi godi media banne ke ready h
They are said its dhamki how they are making fool and want to bring down the protest. This is new youth madam.
Living piece  of shit that's what our PM are.
 parliament. But protesting farmers unions change stand after dec 9th 
I don't support farm laws
Let's create a Right Wing ranking for BJP leaders.
Aap ikathe tractor mat le jana. ek ek tractor trolley with paddy should go to Delhi for sale of agriculture produce,
56 inches lost, farmers won.
Democracy died today. Congress wanted to pass these laws but had a lame suck PM as MMS. Rahul and Priyanka has no IQ to understand the laws and Sonia has an empty third floor.  With this the farmers will remain poor permanently.
Sahi h.... Puppet police deserve this
He better agree with Panagaria and beat around the bush.
Sailut h apko, e hoto h ek educated leader ki thinking
Amazing explanation.
KYA YE PARCHE PUNJAB ME BHI BAANTE JAAJENGE....?
Instead of pointing out any flaw in any of the clauses in the Bill they are simply protesting. It's time we differentiate between andolanjeevis and andolankaris.
Darun hoiche krisi act r Bangla te khobor kora very very good
Khamoshi hi theek he 
RIP Up Government 
700 farmers  Martyr mat bhoolna
False information  APMC belong to centre. Govt so that why APMC price is same in all over punjab and haryana !!!! What MSP .....
Coz u r only following peopogenda of punjab people who have funding from khalistaan.
SINGHM..TEKAIT..JE
this is one of the saddest day in the countries history 
ISI defeated soviet with amarican help
I hope next time this government not use ordinance.
Kindly make congress mukt india ..then oly v indians can live peacefully ...
I happy to appreciate your explanation 
How congress protest BJ P will gain  I myself don't trust congress
3. All of National Bar Associations and ALL those Vakeels like BhanuPratap who are Supporting the farmers - do you think ypur qualification to read/analyse these laws are better than them???
Next Selling assets of nation to Ambani and Adani  will take place . After 25 years People has to stand in queue for Ambani and Adani to get their services.  Why this govt is doing this ? no one is understanding the dangers .  These are the foundation stones to break the democratic setup.  The beating is not a simple lathi  it is a big wooden stick ,  The police man who is beating is nothing but a symbol of power and who given him such a power to beat ?
Looks fake . Trade of Toxic stuff is invalid.
If fighting for the fundamental rights is Khalistan then , yes we r khalistani yes we r kashmiri.
Ask this jocker to stop these nautankis
Thanks...
Even after proof that the farmer laws are accepted by most farmers in India (except for Punjab, Haryana and western UP), as the laws benefit all farmers except agents and middle men, MSP and APMC still there in writing even, and the govt is willing to go "line by line" the laws which have been stopped for a period of 18 months to 24 months, these kisans still protest. They listen to foreign and local anti India forces and arecwilling to humilliate the country that has given them so much. Sad that many of these people are so easily manipulated.
Satiating their greed has become a huge national liability...
We need our rights bjp member song monu Mishra kill 5 farmers by her car we need action against bjp member Ajay Mishra and monu Mishra
This T.V chalen is very good news published but some T.V chalen work for S.P Party ka but BJP government very good and nice work for poor people in India and sob ka sat sob ka bikash kor rahi hai and all people of india vote for BJP because BJP government very good government
*This is the CRUX of the Matter. Now you understand why politicians are spending huge money in bringing (paid) agitators and trying to force the government to repeal .*
Very nice reporting 
They will finally sell their land to corporate and corporate will fix inflation of rice/kg to 10k
This situation of apprehensive created by  other political parties in the  innocent farmer's mind.
BJP goons killed 4 innocent farmer shame Modi Shame yogi
very dirty and these third dirty city is the main one which has very dirty dirty things and
Hinduism is a bigger threat to Humanity than Islam or Christianity combined- Dr BabaSaheb Ambedkar
The win is temporary but the loss is permanent
Because there is no good law and no support for farmers especially hathras rape case
I support the laws and the protest are wrong.
This republic day will be remember.
Anchor shut up
Whether farmers gain or lose, the entire opposition is in a fix as to what to politicise for future.
Any Honest IAS Officer would have proceed with law and order if the farmers blocking the highway and in turn it might have triggered the traffic jam in the highway.
Yes definitely these are the so called TRUE FARMERS who have the right to replace our National Flag with their ones, who have the right to beat our respected policemen.
Bas Bhai Respect KHATAM ho chuki
Thanks sir for clearing this important topic in lucid manner 
5:20 Problems with APMC
NDTV proud of u . U r only true media
Ye sare gadi rokkar usnmein baithe logon ko talwaron aur dando se marna chahte the, unlogone ne self defence ke liye gadi bhaga kar bhagna chaha. sare road block kar ke marna chahte the
Dose this magistrate not know of war crimes (peaceful protesters in India in this case) in the Hague even the Nazis General (the magistrate giving the orders in this case) and Nazis soldiers (the police in this case)were bought there for thire crimes after Nazis rule in Germany.
Good chhoti shernio
Host, bastard Tariq, and Hindus listen carefully. Taliban said to women don't worry. It's very clear Taliban will implement sharia law. 
Support farmers of india
You all make mistakes and get away   always because no punishment imprisonment given to you 
Loved this video
Very good approach. God Bless our farmers
Majority of Indians voted for a Govt. to run a country on behalf of us. We should support all the steps made by them, at least 5 years.Democracy doesnt mean revolts.
BJP is full of scumbags !!
Because of this sharuk Khan son news always showed
Long Live Indian Farmers ..
Shoddy quality politicians, shoddy quality teachers are the biggest reason that the country is a third world Hell-hole. India can become the first world with just minimal effort if the government can leash itself and unleash the citizens of India.   Government must bring electoral funding laws,  Everyone in India knows the cause  that candidates must necessarily spend vast amounts of money (whether white or black) in contesting elections. That then creates the incentive for corruption. Everyone who comes to power is guaranteed to become corrupt.
million) rupees per year only in punjab state.
Good work by police to end this endless drama for farmer protest
PM sir  u had no othher choice Jhumlas do not always win
Sir please please wear mask we don't want to lose you - please be little careful.
Apka lecture sbse achha hota h sbse acha..
Like you all I too have been a strong supporter of the farm laws. ... Now that they have been withdrawn am disappointed... But then I think perhaps there's a reason that we don't see... That's my position
Why is this not being covered by the rest of mainstream media???
Thank You Sir 
What is the problem with new farm law please explain correctly ?? because I know the law I didnt find any issue with the law
Pakistan wants indian Sikhs to be killed in police firing and prove the world that Hindus do not tolerate "minorities" and break the country into pieces. Our country is being divided by caste, region and religion. In Andhra Hindu temples being vadalized, mr Gandhi goes to tamilnadu and speak about tamil pride, Mr tackrey wants to merge few district of Karnataka into Maharashtra. Many Hindu's being converted into forgien religion. Now this Khalistan issue. Lobbywood movies criticising Hindus always. We are under attack !!!
                            New C.D.S                   
Meanwhile,
*Welcoming Step by Govt*
Farmers need justice 
We all need to support farmers
Kisan is right.. farmer died as result of lathi charge. 
In your screen, right side is show and left side is show off.
Whether I don't belive that they talk with farmer before implementation of farm  laws 
Mrs Vadra talking about Niyat...what a joke...
We must love and appreciate such a pristine and pure government, who got is in these very Achhay Din, else we would have been in shambles without them. Our citizens vote everytime for all these great opportunities provided by the BJP. A super government who controls mass media, judicial system, defence and various other outfits to serve us the best way possible. More than 1cr is spent everyday for the well being of our Hard Working Pradhan Sewak. And more that 107cr are spent in the year 2019-2020 alone on advertising BJP in the country. Kya mil Sakti hai apko aisi Sarkar dubara? Charan Dho Kar Peejiye Inke, aap sab swarg ko prapt honay waalay hai jaldi. Namaskar 
Totichor
Shame & Curses on such inhuman barbaric brutes....
I atal ji take step back next decade modi vanished 
Many of those FAKES on social media have no any iidea how many farmers still survive in India? Does govt have any actual count even ? Do you have any idea how many farmer suicides happen in India? None of these bills were properly discussed in parliament ,same as many other disastrous policies BJP govt have brought about. What are you trying to prove? We don't want your dictatorship in this country. Being a democratic country first the govt should open their listening ears. If farmers don't want the bills just trash it and have discussions with them to settle it amicably. Why are they unable to do that ? Does that sound any alarm ?
Taliban biting more than they can chew.
SHAME ON THIS COWARD GVT... JUST TO APPEASE SOME STATES FOR UPCOMING ELECTION IT TOOK BACK ONE OF THE BEST LAW THAT WOULD ACTUALLY IMPROVE THE FARMERS ' CONDITION
nice explaination but10 ni 70 din se chal raha h protest..
Sr can you please explain then why farmers are disagreeing with the bill??
These peaceful farmers reminded me of a 90's song of chamatkar movie.....
Yes Rich & Politics has won, Farmers have lost.....
Pls dont abuse hard working honest sikh farmers.
Police ki upper se ja ai gai daily police officer murda baath
Is This Godi media ? Sold money hungery misleading Indains
India's economy dropped from 2.9 T dollar to 2.4T dollar recently 
No more head lines from NDTV who killed who imagin if it would have done by a Hindu to dalit
Wow 2 Rave sab 
BJP's government is shit
Now bbc should also report about the people and labour of adjoining area who suffered their livelihood due to kisan andolan
I would suggest that you read what the actual laws say before making such videos
Stubble burning created huge pollution. It has to be banned.
Thanks for sharing such paramount knowledge. It will great pleasure if you u could make vedio on topic Indian economy after 1991, what are achivements.
Rubika is good in  justifying, BJP should send her to make the farmers understand.
What he told about money matters is worth a thought.
istandwithfarmers
Woa... But this is expected.
Jai Jawan Jai Kisaan is now for BJP is Kill Jawan Hit Kissan
Fall of Modi. Going to London for treatment and a shave.
After killing 800 farmers and relentless suffering of farmers and families and UP elections defeat foresight and general elections lost which is inevitable anyway in future 
   bhadvo          ghin  
Mixing hathras rape in farmers protest is deviating from mob lynchings..
This stupid Tiket is making every one full.
Arnab is the best bjp panelist
Personal must have knowledge regarding cultivation before deciding MSP.
It is good for the country as otherwise  the Nation might have to lose the great leader Mr.Modi as PM due to possible BJP defeat in the North.
THANK YOU MAM....BUT TODAY YOUR ENERGY WAS LOW ....
Election and chair is the main reason.
thank you ma'am for clearing the clatter.
Surprised to see more of foreigners dropping their comments in our personal issues.
Where are the RSS dogs right now?
But I things I have clearly understood, if we really need to increase the income of farmer they really need to divert themselves from wheat and Paddy to pulses and other corps 
Media should ask: why are they stoping  the farmers?
Bc. Are they terrorists or Government.
Anybody in comment section who are now going to justify and support CAA better say goodbye to northeast just name it east bengal and say goodbye to 3 trillion economy dream too.
Women of Afghanistan stand up and fight.  God doesn't care if women play sports.  Men don't own you
It was not panchayat, it was paid BjP workers brought from outside of the village. 
Formers are backbone of country 
All three laws are hold by Judiciary. Committee made by Judiciary for give all of them their views. Committee submitted reports, but verdict pending reasons God knows! Fundamental rights of Delhi people harassment by blocking roads and support by Judiciary to so called farmers!
You can be everything. You can be the infinite amount of things that people are.
After long time the poor former got the rights to sell his crop ,where ever he wants to sell,we do not understand why souch hue and cry
But salute to his believe in himself and his supporter , I don,t he is right or wrong but he won this fight against the system ..., which is not really easy .. 
Boycott BJP hatao desh bachao
Great job bbc
Tragic incident in Lakhimpur
 house, we were talking about all these, and when I put forward my points about so called hindutwa, farmers, muslims etc., everyone started asking  "are u even a hindu or not, why bhagwa hindustaan is causing u this much of problem, modi ji is censoring social media to stop terrorism and he is the one who made ram mandir possible (Supreme Court is Joke for them.
Tamacha for godie media. Ye dhongi election stunt kar raha hai.
Out of which 5Million dollars per (month) goes to Taliban to keep the trouble going on and fooling the Americans. and rest 5-10 millions to kashmir and others. Check the bank accounts for ISI and Npak army generals how they get so big and hefty salaries which are like silicon valley CEO's. Taliban is money making company.
Are they from Pakistan?... unfortunately Indian Minister  are unaware of their  respect feilds problems..why govmt want to impose bill if farmers are not willing and who is actual beneficiaries ?
Lol wait for another pulwama attack in india so they can divert your attention again. Bc tum logo ka wese sahi chutia kaata hai Modi.
With the first bill , the farmers can sell their produce beyond the local markets  inter states. But why haven't u mentioned the condition  that comes with this bill??? Only those who have the PAN cards ; in short who pay goods & services tax (GST) wud be allowed to sell their produce outside the state , if not they can't . Only the large richie rich farmers wud benefit from this bill  marginal, medium farmers and tenant farmers will not. Better mention all the aspects !
Modhi is a pure brahman supporter. No place for other minorities like sikh and others
Jay Javan 
They r just spreading communism
ALL ARE JUST TRYING TO MANIPULATE THE CURRENT GOVERNMENT SCENARIO IN THE COUNTRY AND RUNNING FOR PM CHAIR.
There is a difference between liberalizing the APMC act and completing abolishing rights of farmers-your argument about UPA bringing changes is BS
Government should go ahead with the Bill
markets/mandis like in kerala (since 1980) and bihar (since 2008).
Need 1 SUPERSPECIALITY HOSPITAL and medical colleges per lakh population 
Constitution jai bhim wale aur choro gurudew ka
One of the virus you put name then do you think that is new one? 
permanent protest is here. sounds like chutiyagiri=churchianity/islam.
You are a dishonest bastard
What the Indian government wont do to hide the truth....incredible India I dont think so
1. The three farm bills are already in place and working fine as of now 
Lekin wahan k mostly log Modi k supporter hen.
Next in Bangladesh
I had a huge sympathy towards them but now it's completely NULLIFIED.
police should have the right to shoot at rioters
This is all planned by Pakistan, khalistani, muslim, opposite party,baniya, middleman
Thanks india today.. Please show more on farmer protest... Show less on bollywood... As farmer's protest is more important than bollywood...
India Today what a true service to this democracy. Really u are truly fourth piller on which this country rest
I don't support this decision
It dsnt seem the language of Supreme court
Nice explanation bro
But are blind in their nation where fans wait for hours for their movie ticket 
Why our police not using tear Gas and water cannons at Lalkila.?
Only another two hundred years to go and India will finally catch up with China.
It is better he does not make any comments
 ,         ,     msp   ms         . .          , ,               100'/,  ,9O         ,  ,     ,          ,         ,             ()  .                          ..please
Good luck!
 1- Economic activity can be regulated only if it goes beyond and in contravention to the predetermined set of indicators such as inflation, appreciation and  depreciation of currency, etc. But to say that procurement of any set of  commodities should be regulated and that too statutorily is not only shows the absurdity and bubble of illusion that these groups are currently in.
sir very good, but kindly brief that why this govt is in so hurry that these bills have to pass without any debate  and afraiding to face the questions from farmers.  secondly the word MSP is not being added in these bills. who will deal with contracting farming, means only specialist or big players in this industry want to control on whole farming sector as they know very well that this sector has wide scope to earn. please also advise that these bills should be openly debated in public and after finalise conclusion, these bill may be brought up.
Those are not farmers ,  they are dallals of khangress and communists, SC attest now woke up , thx
That man used to work there and suddenly he decided to disrespect god ?
produce is sold online or through corporate markets like malls. Now if 40% is
Farmers have lost their growth potential
Farmers r protesting just on the basis of forecasts or assumptions like ' this may happen or that may happen '. However farmers r free to sell their crops anywhere, if they think that dealing with corporates will lead to extinction of mandi system than they should stick to old system that is selling their crops in mandi.
Yes we are open for reforms. But without consulting and forcefully levying laws on us wont work. We are the citizens and Modi is our servant . Its his duty ( that he chosen himself) to listen to his masters (citizens of india) and do accordingly.
Action should be taken against that bluddy Officer.
Genocide is a process. The Holocaust did not start with the gas chambers. It started with hate speech.
Manisha is the cutest journalist I have ever seen.
Great explaination and linking 
Modi is enjoying the show grooming his beard I guess 
Hum aise desh me rehte hai jaha highly educated yuva Berozgaari se Suicide karte hai aur uneducated gunde , rapist log CM, MLA bante hai 
Jnc
Yes it's right to protest by farmers
One question aap kabhi khet me kam kiya he jo subject me aap ho nahi you have no knowledge about farms and farmers
Why is NON Indian  media soooo.. much bothered about Indian protests ???????
The Banana State of India
Election is near that why modi is giving right to our farmers. He played this game to only get farmer vote.
Thank you for the gift
I am an Indian before my religion.
                        .                       .    " scorch earth policy"  .       .         .    .       .          .                 .      . 
This  Racist RSS controlled Indian Modi Government is committing crimes against humanity and trying to manipulate and kill innocent Sikhs and Muslims who have lived for centuries in Punjab and Jammu and Kashmir... Khalistan has to be created for the Sikhs ... Khalistan ZINDABAAD
The real farmers are in the fields.
Lower division clerk salary 1.5 lakh
Punjab should stand with MSP guarantee law...
become independent .Rich farmers ' struggle is for preserving their vested interests. Sadly new Farm Laws were  also being given a communal colour .Govt in Punjab is also controlled by these very influential Rich farmers' lobby.
You want to say that speaker is BJP,s puppet
Ordinance Government !!!
Like, SAGARA SANGAMAM, story for JRNTR sir, in YouTube, type, KONDETI PRODUCTIONS
I have dedicated few lines on farmers protest lives lost
If the private companies take up then it will as expensive as electric city in india.. Simple as government bodies will always work for the welfare for the citizens but the private companies will only work for the profit. Our country people really needs to use their common sense rather only entertainment.
Farmer suicide Kar rahe hai purane law ke wajh se. Par change v nhi chahiye. Waise esme bhut sare ache important points iss law ke bare me ignore kar diya gya hai.
Make sure every citizen is a farmer before any other employment punjab and up is nothing to the country no idiot can destablise the nation needs close watch and stern warning jai bharath any agitation thorough beating wakeup hindu jai bjp
In these farmers son never dreaming of becoming farmer he going to some another profession so farming must done privatization
Ban all news channels bcoz everyone is following their masters order and propoganda. You are no different.
Please gather all states farmers and show the power of farmers to the cowards
Nearly 800+ kisaann farmaer sacrifice their life in this  andalon
Shamefull.
Now modi taking back his step means amit shah will demolish scamgress
It's so funny during CAA protest, delhi riots, everyone blamed one person Tahir Hussain, and now this police officer doesn't want to take one person's name. It's a sad sad day in our country. Only way to show solidarity with farmers is by  coming to roads. All Indians come together in each state in each village in every road. Everyone all at once ! This nation needs to be protected from the current goons ruling our country and not our protestors!
R to
Justice done on spot by nihung singhs full support babaji 
Good riddance!! The Delhi borders are safe for the residents.
What Jihadis like CJ Werleman are doing on your platform ??? 
Farmers our heros
Well written ,well sung and best timing for it. It will part  of  our history pages.
I support Famers.
I don't know why but this will prove to a boon for farmers!
Tum leaders jo stage se 20 din se bhashan de rahe the k parliament pr jhanda lgayenge , lal kile pr lgayenge , India gate pr lgayenge sara mahol bnaya or abhi khudh back foot ho gye.
Oh man I watched almost all of u r video back to back since 2hrs like movies..U guys can keep audience stick to u r channel..really great..building interest after every videos...
Stop lying for few views you ediots
Sets a very dangerous example for democracy.
Logic that Sikhs and jat can't follow with eyes shut like the rest of India, in a way says that others (except Sikhs and jats) don't have brain.
Arnab Goswami is really a - here is Goo means those who know Marathi they understand well .  means shit
But your godigiri would never diminish 
Excellent job B B C thanx
Repeal black farmers law
Love you indian police and ito abp news love you
15:00 is a factual error .we spend more than 1 % of our GDP for in agriculture for subsidies .also along with it read one more thing no innovation,no incentive for hard work is explicit. hope you notice these.....
Cruel ordinance by Modi
CAA TO WAPAS NAHI HOGA CHAHE JO HOGA
M living in pak but ours forefathers mean my father's father mean dada abu migrated from the haryana, jmalpur and my mother's father from nigana. My mother's mother mean my Nani maa migrated from ROTAK City..
This shows a mirror  of  real fact of our loving country that's  y we are developing country , not yet developed ..... kabhi kuch kabhi kuch
Support Modi and lock up the mob!
It was not a farmers' protest at all. What was khalistanis doing there. Anyone with one working braincell  will know. Get your brain checked. 
Only lands, Only appulooo only bank loans Only Pvt finance onlygold loans only damages houses workers problems gittubhata dharalu undavu rythulaku bhoomalaku dharulu undavu,village,no,swatcha,bharath,no,uniety,no,love,efection,village,vyavasthaloo,rythulaku,no,respcet,,,all,govt,office,loo,bank,loo,no,respcet,,maa,lantee,varu,salahaloo,teesukondee,papaloo,corana,Ravi,,
*While GLOBAL FDI fell by 42% in 2020, India's FDI increased by 13% in 2020 based on UNCTAD data. Hope The Print will make a video on the positive achievements of India rather than such rally based on vested interests.*
Shame on government 
That's what happen when you don't reform police and judiciary. Law and order is a joke in this country. That's why India is a third world
I support farm laws. Anti-farm law protests are itself anti-farmer. Period.
I voted for modi and not BJP
I have a problem with this bill 
4. Hitler used to paint and sell colours in his childhood
Because of these many students could not attend KVPY exam, which was on 31st January. Many more entrance exams are coming. Interact with students on teachers day is not means that....you care for students
Jai farmers Jai congess Jai Ghandhi 
Humare gawo Mai vht kisan  hai Jo out of control out of station khatme pr kisani na krna chate waza unke parents khud allow krte Bhai kamoo
The problem here seems to be that the opposition created a ruckus for god only know what reason. Using the time wasted and the ruckus the Bill was passed a little hastily. Disgruntled by this as well that the fact that a lot of politicos would be sporting holes in their pockets, they are stirring up passions with fake news to those who are not in the know.
Bill no. 1 - says any one can store any amount of ration.. for example someone having huge warehouse can store anything for example they stored onions and can potray that there no onion in market . Thus after that selling it at higher price later. For example , around 2-3 years, potates were almost sold for 1-2 ruppee for kg, now guess how much u bought it for?
OMG Sikh Republic of India 
Millions of farmers are protesting around the nation!
Imagine the scenario of repealing the LPG reforms in 90s by the visionary leader of Narsimha Rao ji and Manmohan Singh ji. At that time too this protest and agitation was at its peak of selling country.
Anjana ohm Modi is trying to push BJP agenda and no way she is bothered about the issues concerning the people. She is so shameless and brainless.
Very Tough job for All GODI MEDIA n their FOOLISH ANCHORS to take U TURN. FUN to see them Changing colors. Farmers lost their lives and on the  top anchors blamed them calling KHALISTANI shame on MODI..
You don't respect the farmer, the nation will be cursed. Let them not eat food, tell them to eat money, material, or dung.
Bjp ka raj hai saheb..chit bhi tumhari pat bhi tumhara..one day this desh will be land of king and wasir amit shah and modi..no one will be more imporatant then them..
Tokto Olympic?
CCEA
shame in our country poor people are killed like this and no one respond, this is worse than british rule
Dalal media ye kissan hai not farmer union, you godi media trying to defame anndata, you are real deshdrohi
What this guy is talking about.end of the story money can buy anything
God please come Soon
AAP member effectively made Shaheen Bagh and supporting this. Why you are showing idiot Congress leader from Karnataka who has lost his original constituency.
Some negative dimensions of creating the Difficulties in the short term but it's the reality that these provisions can improved our farmers in the long term
Heartbreaking
Do not call any man on earth father; for you have one Father and he is in heaven. Nor must you be called teacher; you have one Teacher, the Messiah.  (at Matthew 23: 9-10) 
Govt should keep surveillance. They seem to have some connection with anti India forces.
Roll back all 7pc to 6pc for next 2 yrs till 2023 
Stupid ordinance how many farmers go for contract farming .......
GREAT INDIA 
Lol. India has always been in this case that they don't give others dues. Pakistan stands firmly with our Sikh brothers there and Muslims in Kashmir. They have been suffering with radical Modi and Hindus.
Pahle acche se cold storage banao fir kuch products ko essential commodity se hatana ....sb ko chutiya bana raha hai....aur khud v ban raha hai...sirf positive aspects bata raha hai...negative ka pata nai
Activist to post for an amount is easy? they can even get anyone to make
This bill is actually good but I have to say because of Modis silence all this miscommunications have happened. Now its too late. He should have spoken about it earlier like he is vocal about it now also should have advertise its pros properly throughout country. Now because of his silence all this congress gang, tukde tukde gang, Khalistani gang, left liberals got ample time to spread a false impression about this bill.. I dont blame the poor farmers on this but Modis silence plus all government machineries are to be blamed. Now he woke up and talking about it in front camera.
What a acting 
Super sir Nim teaching
does your course of action permit you to do so.
Farm bills have been passed... Shame on the parliament... If this is what is democracy.... What prevents the people take to the street.. Parliament is shut down... Do we need a government... India has been reduced to a rogue nation by our elected members... Shame on Modiji... The bug stops with PM...
Why should only indian farmers have all the fun!!!
So what... Cover the real news Mr Tihadi
Correct Arthiyas spelling ....
Very good explanation.....
Jisko itna bhi nhi pta hi rajya sabha main speaker nhi chairman hota h vo batara h ki yeh sab galat go back to school and learn something
All these laws are going to benefit google .Facebook. Amazon
ISI   ok my pride country deafeat devils  syeria iraq sham labnanon people happy
3 mahino se peaceful chal raha he, tab kusi ne nae bola. This is not violent. Watcg you mouth or they put money in it, shit channel.
Thank drishti ias team 
7. Corona ke nam pr     Election  corona ki  
Torma
Political parties + other terrorist organisations = Opposition in India
When bill comes there is so much view points and discussion and propaganda but during repeal they didn't even give points for taking it back, which he hold for 1year&3month and cause so much tragedy & quarrel several policeman and farmers died and no sympathy to those people and still Saying like prime minister showing mercy for taking it back...spit on such a cowardness...when passing the bill he speak the all three bills himself but when taking back he pass out his message to his minister for not have a courage enough to show his face it is shameful for our Prime Minister.
2020 me second "JALIWANABAD GHATNA" Jai Hind
We are ruled by insane people
I am a farmer too, and I strongly supported the farm laws. But it's impossible to explain certain sector of farmers as they lack education. Now Taliban should take over India if CAA isn't taken back, right? Poor farmers in Audi and BMW were seen protesting.
Terrorists are really very active in this country... those who ransacked the venue should have been shot dead
Implementation of MSP will cause food price inflation, which will require doubling of minimum wages across India, which means shutting down small & medium businesses. Thus, creating a feedback loop of destruction. The new Agriculture bill, aims to correct that, by shifting price  burden on private sector. Thereby, making it a sustainable & long term arrangement, benefitting both sides.
Modi government divided the people  of India and yes modi will never pass the law and modi leave all Hindus to suffer ? Indian to suffer!
THANK YOU SIR
Only Humane will win. 
YOU MUST ALSO SLAP THE LADY POLICE.AND CASE THEM TO ARREST YOU FOR NO REASON.
MSP can't by guaranteed. Guaranteeing MSP means the money goes from taxpayers or Corporates pockets without any quality evaluation. A MSP range per year can be proposed based on estimated demand by Govt. (Govt.and Corporate can use data analytics and set MSP range based on historical and projected demands and make the process transparent and visible) but Kisan cannot go to court when MSP is not within the range. And no guarantee. Nobody knows accurate regional demand in advance.
They have no guts to face openly. 
Look at the face of anchor 
All credit and thanks to Ravish kumar and yogendra yadav. Your non stop work of inciting people against the government finally paid off. What is plan for next 26th Jan?
Thank u sir for fabulous explanation.
problem with green revolution was centralized decision making. privatization will lead to diversification and will incentivize use of less resources like water to reduce cost with better use of technology. 
You are liar media channel if you dont have gut to tell the truth then dont say about one side these bjp goons and police attacked on singhu border on innocent people and this guy took his kirpan sahib when goons and gundy police attacking on womens tent okay , he just did to scared those goons , what you will do if suddenly 100 people attack on innocent peacefull people and what these gundi police and bjp goons did to him was such a shameful brutality, dub ke mar Han eh gunday, totally gundaraj
The three laws were good and are good today. These were taken back as some of goons in farmers grabbed leadership in kisan meeting. In the end Farmers will be the biggest losers.
Don't call off the protest, until the brokers-dalals are thrown out and poor farmers get their  fair share.
Chaplusi Krna band dy channel aap news government ki
Mam can you please guide about time management in capf paper 2
stfu, everyone is supporting khalistan , not farmer protests 
Farmers stay and work in farm. They do not spend time protesting and performing crimes. The people who are protesting are the so called party workers of the opposition party. They don't want development. They just want to oppose and spoil everything. They should be identified and punished severly
Ye sirf or sirf jhut bolte he sarkar pta nahi q nahi action le rahi he ye ese man ne wale nahi he
As english man tell alai , and make  fool country person, same out ,,,,,
ALL Indian want is roti, kapda, makan!!! We are all so SICK of Hindu/Muslim polarisation/politics. 
Shame on u Rajath sharma . . Atleast support kissan who fill ur hunger. . Jay jawan jay kissan
Hurting the farmers? How? Ask us one question we cant answer: Nirmala Sitharaman, Yes, but you also need to get answers right.
Public has understood the anti social, antiipoor, anti farmers and Pro capitalists communal agenda of BJP
This vedio and the reason behind cars rushing died with the murder of people in the vehicle. There is an angle of conspiracy, it was ensured that people in the vehicle must be killed for sure. It seems that vedio source is a big conspirator himself.
- Because of international protests now Modi feels scared. So he decided to take charge in d state where he had monopoly. Perfect politics. Now he will try to show to other countries that he has made the right decision by taking few states on his side. 
Why fence?? They wanna make "Akand UMMA"  .............  LOL...........Go Talibs!!
Bjp plays dirty politics ..
No government in this world can stand before the power of Punjabis. Salute from south india
Holy cow
The governments are becoming dictators.......shame on us for letting be that way
Bro u shouldn't call act instead of bill...
In india if anyone haveing education they r not willing to do farming. They want to go outside do job. Thts harse reality as well
Congress can't mislead the people of Punjab for long. Thanks Modiji for this gift on Guru Purab.
Isn't it like a group of people imposing on Modi as to how he has to govern as a Prime Minister.
oppostion  no covid spread for this protest
Whole truth.. making judgement over an issue is clearly irrelevant ... it is being said by nihang singh in the video that the person who has been  murdered is  culprit.. because he got  cought tearing holy  granth which is not tolerated at all by the nihangs.. for all sikhs ,holy scripture is worshipped and this incidents happened because of insulting  and committed sin by tearing religious guru granth sahib..ji .,eventually.it's theirs obligation  .. for hindus holy scripture is Gitta...similarly who are emotionally attached to their religion..they can't stop themselves  to see such disrespecting one's religious scripture in the front of their eyes..
Why sometimes onion became more than 100 per kilo and other vegetables at more than 50 per kilo. Simply the logic of APMC does not stand. MSP is here to stay and violent agitation on some hypothetical assumption is not acceptable. Thitrd why other states are not forthcoming with agitation. Fourth Punjab and Haryana are in the grip of organized syndicates of big farmers and since they are adversely affected they resort to such violent agitation.
Investigation required for the 2019-2020 Sikh gurudwara bombing Case.
Agriculture is purely a state matter , why center government make this much complication without consulting with al stake holders.
who is this Ready .. He is Modi puppet
Hats off to YOU... a well versed scripted episode...!!!
Terrorist indian army's
Wtf did someone realise bhindivala in tractor flag ??
The onion thing really squeezed the farmers in nashik one day they were getting good money for onions for once and next day crash to bottom lows
Modi is best pm for our country.
Tractor Rally ,  next a Tractor Convoy
Earlier even i thought that modi govt   is a weak govt whom anyone can blackmail. after i saw that it took no action in Bengal and maharashtra and obviously this tikaits farzi andolan.  But i was wrong. Modi does things very strategically. He reaches to the core and when has all cards ready . He strikes. and choke the neck from all sides  leaving no escape  routes for the wrong people.
This guy is so far removed from the farmers concerns - in my opinion (humble) he is another voice for the government.
8. Covid vaccine tour when idiot is not required.
India is Sold to madarchod RSS HINDUS AND MODI GUYS. Fuck RSS..!!
I am farmer from Maharashtra , reality yah hai ki hum logo se vyapari saste dam me  mal le lete hai or usi mal ko msp rate se nafed m bech dete hai , majboori hai isliye hme msp rate nhi milta.
Government false then bill will be false 
Modi and Co, are executing the strategic plan of plutocrats they report to. 
Russian troops is ready to deploy in Afghan to destroy Taliban force the US cannot do in 20 years..
Best explained !! Thanks mam
  Zee News Media Reporting
Congress chala aaya politics kerne 
World # 1 ISI long live.
Sanjay Singh ji. You are a dynamic leader.
Really appreciating this !! Kisaan ekta zindabaad and they dont dis-respect our national flag !
Aur agar sirf politics karni hai, to jo chal rha hai, wo chalta hi rhega..
before that i want to know what happned tp Hathras rapists??
My instinct or my common sense says that there will be food crisis during 
Propaganda : Yes; News : No
India has indirect 100 crore farmers but we need <10 lack farmers 
Frod report
How can you repeal something meant for the whole country just because one community? Not everyone in this country is a sikh.
All I smell is election.
Khalistanis from Canada, UK, the Pakistani ISI, CPI and the Congress are all involved in stoking this fire....using gullible farmers for the agenda. . These guys are hell bent on causing chaos. The government must now show its mailed fist. The Police , CBI and NSI should document and investigate each and every rioter who has broken the laws of the country. There is no back down. This is treachery of the highest order. Rest of India must stand solidly behind the government/country in handling these anarchists.
I support government of India for all the law and regulations implement by them to make India a better place. Strict action needed to make country better.
Protesting in calm way. But Bjp . Abhi hath jodey h, agar farmer ne lath uthaye toh ye bjp dharam pai battein le ayega.
#SanctionPakistan #SanctionOnPakistan #SanctionTaliban
We can easily see how he is lying in front of news channels
Does Military will interfere in things like this?
...... obviously, these so called reform bills will enhance the role by middlemen/private traders -which is prone to all exploitations of the poor Indian farmers, these so called reform Bills will not decrease this evil role/corruption by the wealthy middlemen/traders which is well known in India, .... therefore, this is  being falsely perpetuated by the Govt that these reform bills will give more profits to the farmers as they will now be able to sell/manage marketing of their produce across states/ even internationally at theor option of setting prices for the produce  - what a hoax and deception not realizing an absolute lack of the requisite threshhold of ability of Indian farmers to do so; ...... 
Pathetic channel. Blot in name of news
7) MSP already done for benefits of ACTUAL Farmers.
5. What finally the rally achieved apart from hosting a flag, blaming themselves as anti social elements and crediting to govt.
.. This was Fabbbbb....Man...
Indian govt state plus central govt have a combined outstanding debt of 2.7 Trillion dollars. Food grain prices are decided globally and also depends upon demand and supply. Godowns in India have been overflowing with wheat & rice. No space is left to keep foodgrains. India has over supply of wheat and rice which pushes the prices down.
Unfortunately they.... ... Were misled
Typical Congressis in the comment section. This is just fun to watch hahahahhaha.
Some political parties and anti national elements Hijacked Kisans blackmails national diginity
God bless u..for gr8 cooperation to farmers..n also thankful for respect of punjabi's relationship
12:00 "the yogi government is transparent" joke of the day
RESPECTED MODIJI : : THE PAPPU YECHURI TUKDE PAK FAKE FARMERS ARE PLANNING A TRACTOR RALLY IN RAJPATH ON REPUBLIC DAY:: THIS IS A CHALLENGE TO THE REPUBLIC OF INDIA:: A CHALLENGE TO THE PEOPLE OF INDIA:: THIS SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED AT ANY COST:: ARMED FORCES SHOHLD BE SENT TO CRUSH THIS ANTINATIONAL MOVE:: WHOLE OF INDIA IS BEHIND YOU SIR :: JAI HIND :: BHARATH MATHA KI JAI
Life is 100% normal,  now in Afghanistan.
None really cares what the bill actually holds or what farmers ACTUALLY want.
Rahul gandhi is fearless against BJP & modi, but BJP & modi are afraid of him. Because of that BJP has paid media, social media to damage his image. But still he is fighting...
Canada leader is great he supports farmers
As the blocade goes on and on, he becomes more and more notorious & powerful . He gets more secret funding to continue.
Thank you All, I stand with farmers too - Love from UK
This is farmers awakeness . Big effect on consumers so we should support our farmers .
I am with police
People who have never read the farm bill have suddenly become experts and activists lol
The nature of his occupation, too, suffers a disability that a normal trade/profession doesn't. After the harvest, there is a pulse flooding of the markets, and the prices fall. His goods are perishable. He cannot store/withhold his produce beyond 1 or 2 months and wait for the prices to become favorable. On top of it he is trapped in a tight schedule of financial liabilities, and of readying his crops for the next sowing and so on. He has no option but to sell at whatever price he can. This is a PAINFUL EXPLOITATION, reminiscent of the bonded labors of the British era.
All those now being called terrorists for opposing*Modi government*of in future people realise what was wrong and bjp losses power these same people will be called freedom fighters
We will be controlled by foreign institutions.
Delhi police is not eat Indian foods
Govt is responsible for this. Farmers are fighting for the benefit Indians except few rich.
*@PRINT* Excellent analysis by Mr. Singh!
*Researchers have confirmed the presence of one large saltwater lake, which was discovered two years ago, and also found three more lakes hidden under the surface of Mars*
Rathee ji Highways pe ghar bana k Kisan public se bhee lad rahen hain. Kya logic hai.
One or two states were given priority during the times of food shortage in India and these were Punjab and Haryana. The system of commissions this agents and tax collected by the state I'd not correct since this need not be supported by the Central Government and if so then all states have to be given similar status. The fear that private traders would take advantage is too be volunteered by the farmers through collective bargaining and they can have these commission agents in their behalf. Also if farmers are happy with commission agents, these people can themselves become the sole traders.  All said and done while government is coming out of public sector participation slowly evenin defence, telephones, power, aviation etc., It is not reasonable to ask Central Government to be the left purchaser of food grains. Ofcourse Central and State governments would come to help farmers whenever there is a need since farming is the backbone of the country. While every other states' farmers go directly to markets and were happy when levy on rice mills were lifted his can these farmers have a different treatment even after decades? Politicised farmers are taking to bandhs in these difficult times giving based name to all farmers in general.
The day will come that this govt will go after the soldiers as well
ways never force decision, it always gives an option. Those option could be farmers insurance instead  of the bill so 
Bjp in its last days of power in India
Nice video. But I have one doubt: If most of the farmers were anyway selling their produce outside the APMC, what is new in what the first farm law is saying? Isn't this already allowed?
Very informative video by pointing out both pros and cons
Simple yet effective.....
All drama started now before election like taking farmers law back, reducing 10 rupees on petrol after increasing 50 on petrol,  master in acting wah
The anti BJP channel
Dear Shri Dr Manish Kumar. I am extremely happy to convey to you that you are a wonderful commenter. Your narrations are very well comprehensive. I really appreciate your knowledge on which you present the topics.
Tamilians are with punjabis,Tn has done protests but they house arrested by puppet modi gov in TN aswell rest of states
Agricultural minister ki education and experience in agricultural field mein Kitna ha?
Please sir make video on this topic, we will wait for your video.
Congratulations to the farmers. Blessed is the Nation of India. Leadership is about understanding and flexibility. Congratulations to Prime Minister Modi.
Last lines in red colour is super
Marketing is missing
Please release the land same as  for every family! 
Whatever was done was done to preserve the.law and order situation as this farmer protests are creating only disturbances and losses to the nation as they are being paid to do all this drama and nothing else and none of them look like farmers but bad guys you see in the hindi movies
Only bsp
Support to farmers, but some people have crossed line between protests and politics. Keju bhi to protest chor k politics kr rhe hn na. Ya to protest kro ya politics.
How on earth can anyone ever call the farmers terrorists? Is the PM eating something made by the chemists?
The man has no self respect, no dignity, remorseless, narcissist sadist, and loves to see its citizens suffer pain and death. Absolutely stupid. Despite the repeal the sangis must be made to bite the dust. The political beast must be excorcised.
India's agriculture sector is hopelessly inefficient. About a third of produce rots before reaching consumers. Unlike the BBc, where 95%+ of output is rotten.
Now FARMER'S of INDIA...
Farmers WERE, ARE & WILL BE the foundational & core asset of Indian Economy. So need to focus on empowering  & prospering our farming community to see the strong economy & growth of India  on the global platform.
But this is cruelty
Stop all aid food and medicines to Afghanistan
aisha to britishers krte the khair
Big shame for Haryana police..Haryana police of which many employees come from kisan family..and they are breaking head of their brothers relative's
#godi #media #murdabad #modi #worst #primeminister of #india
Very true saying
shame on you
And today 19th of November 2021, the Central Government of India repeals all three anti-farmer Farm Laws! Huge day for India!
Jhooth.......
You are the true saviour of our agriculture from the greedy corporates and corrupt politicians
The farmer you see draped in the flag was claimed to be shot dead by the police. Later they released a grainy footage via some cctv camera claiming innocence. But they hid the fact that they had taken away the cctv from the premises where the shots were fired from. That footage is still missing. Even the post mortem doctor told the relatives of the farmer that the injuries were consistent with bullet wounds. .. but that they couldnt put their findings in writing and on record for obvious reasons.
For God's sake why don't you guys learn from previous mistakes. You will perish if you remain in sleep mode all the time. You have to be always ready for war like your soldiers at the border. Attack is the best form of defense
There should be act on MSP
5 State upcoming elections are coming thats y modi ji changed its stand because of elections
5:04 GMO are absolutely safe for human consumption. Get your facts straight dumb human
Why you foolish journalist ask from Nitish ji  whose state is the most backward state .
I was here for bro, just to watch "we won bro"
Please read the history of Pakistan. From the day Hypocrats Pakistan was born it started asking for help from the US and UK and now China.
15 lakh log pohnche the sudhar jao 
Farmer sows the seed. Bible is the seed God jesus sowed n satisfied our soul. C " Bible' in google!'....
MFs literally calling them farmers.
from Assam... cristal clear 
false reporting: it was not a farmers union flag. are you stupid or blind?
And it looks like INDIA To DAY is a part of this game.
In up election bjp surely win. Then bjp creat this i cant belive. This creation need some peopile they creat this
That's what this farm laws say now.
Why no western president blames the Indian government regarding Indian farmer protest????
What a laindi leader ...
Hope you keep up this great work sir.
In India anyone with even a bit of power thinks they can get away with anything and they usually do... This is no way to treat anyone and people are applauding him for what he did. That tells us the state of this country and the directions we are going in.
shocking
Go to ground and check all facts about farmers then give your so called opinion.
Nicely expalined Sir.
funds are being routed to governaments. Just understand the Game they 
Respect for all the people supporting this protest
Official Peeing Human brought me here 
The agitating farmers dont know what is good for them. Stupid lot. They want mama-baap Sarkar to buy whatever they produce. Put Rakesh Tikait behind the bars under the NSA.
Farm laws repealed ....But Agricultural reforms are still crying... Without it Indian farming system is going to be unsustainable!
Fadil The Ninja channel
I AM NO FAN OF MODI OR OPRAHISM THAT PROTECTS THE LUTHERAN CHURCH IN MY COUNTRY I COULD NOT BE HAPPIER FOR THE PEOPLE OF INDIA. GOD BLESS AND MAY INDIRA GHANDI BE WITH YOU. These laws sound exactly like the laws ENCACTED by the CLINTONS in the UNITED STATES.  How they could work in a country of 1.5 BILLION IS RIDICULOUS.  No ownership for the people.
I oppose these laws
Why did it fail everywhere it was tried then,
Why are they sending such weak BJP spokespersons?
an organized manner so that government revenue can increase in two ways: (1)
Since the rule implemented a yea back , not yet able to convince the kisan people , its better to remove ,
I support farm law.
After sometime the society management changed, the new management decided to install a lift for carrying people up and down.
I hate modi... I hate bjp. I hate this current government
Kisano ka nhi maan na hai sir, sirf 2-3 states k powerful kisano ki wajah se ye wapas hua jo ki acha nhi hai. Its not a  good decison for Our Farmer's as a whole.
BJP is the next rulling party and governments till my death BJP only rules the India
Killing is not a crime anymore but u need to be a bjp supporter.
My god,  have we bid 'alvida' to our proud civilisation?
Farmers those who are in support for this laws should come and protest.....
2. If for a farm produce is exposed to market conditions,  will a farmer earn more than what he has invested? 
Finally mera lakhimpur famous  ho gaya
This guy tikhait  needs to be in jail, and things will be normal. That is the only solution.
It will be interesting to watch how that is to be distributed to the needy
No Farmers no food
These farmers leave farming
Undemocratic act of corporate Modi's acts.are.crucifi.farmers.also. autocratic government.
I really felt punjabis are golden hearted . Patriotic  and All ways sacrifing of all of sikh frnds I have in Hyderabad 
Shame shame, Rahul Kanwal is Modis favourite canine pet! Down with the Godi media speaking through their sphincters all the while and delivering farts through the evening!
So sad to see that this fight for good cause looks not fruitful and political powers looks winning on them. And we live in the great democratic nation.
The weapon of religion is ...
so in order to save farmers and the busienss system govt needs money to run and give support and  invest more money 
But bro not 1 farmer died now the numberi is upto 300 but some peoples are making it violent beating   forces acc to me  government b galat h  apne bhi dekhya jo kisano me glti but bro expired aansu gas shode but bro je koi ne show krega qki bo kisan h attwadi h terrorist but bro talab mai har ek  fish  saaf ne hoti protest mai kuch log time pass krne aaye thei aor protest kharab ho gya na sarkar sun rhi na farmers  aor suffer kr rha h hmara desh vaise ek baat toh ek iss protest ne government ko expose kia h vaise police ki b bhug galtiyaan thi jo ki etne show ne kri abhi b bha 300+ sai jada farmers ki death ho chuki h but kisi ko koi khabar ne modi g ko toh rally's krni h  btw liked ur video  and plz make a video of how many times BJP and RSS insulated the Indian flag 
The future of any country is its own people. Political class and citizens. But if both fail to show willpower then collapse is inevitable.
Why Congress doing IDIOTIC things
Basically a Farmers version of RCEP.
British Government!!!
I stand with former
Well explained Alex..i am sure that it is very useful to many like me. All the best..
ABP                               
Is there any picture of the farmers throwing rocks Modi has made his  kutte a biggest liar
Will they show video of the ministers son in the function? India today aur Gandhi family ki chaplosi hi chahelgi! Can ur reported ask her if she is going to Srinagar too?
What you have to do with ik pm modi have no news or any thing that you should briad cast btw thanks for broad cast our pm the great leader of world everyone in india also admitted but some rss ideology and nagtive mind sets are barking due to burn.
Modi and his cronies have become senile.
Farming is a lose making business for farmer...if they will not get a proper selling price then all farmer will quit doing farming...then what will you eat ..
STOP TRYING TO VICTIMIZE YOUR OWN SELF WHEN YOU ARE CLEARLY THE BAD GUYS
Pakistan always felt proud u Mr Tariq Fateh,  Solute you Great Job Sir
Bjp govt. Scare to held press conference they do not want to face questions raised by public representatives. All policy has paralysed economy.
do you think there should be a hindi channel for this? the knowledge given is really good, and a non literate should be able to learn these things.
i.e., selling it to the mandis.
Why opposition is making trouble in nation
Your findings are right but it has some loopholes ...I come from a farmers family ...we grow two crops every year ....and in my locality everyone does the same ...if not 2 grain crops then one legume and one grain ....so practically the no remains same .....it will not increase by 1.5 or 150%percent. Also yield of rice is more at some places/hectare then wheat ....you cant rally relate. Anyways other findings are great.
Yep , Good job farmers now go back to your farms . Now you have become Rich all of sudden . India will never become rich like China if good bills are repealed even before implementing. Now I hope there would be no more suicides by farmers because they are rich now lol. What a joke.
Irresponsible Godi media & its News papers may be boycott too by all kissan families.
BJP is harmful for the nation. If congress comes hindu religion will be gone for sure. No one is right? Mm rather than commenting here just come up on the road? No! Why? We don't have time. 9-5 jobs struggling for money to feed ourselves who cares?  For left over time we get we can just comment on the things???
Cheaper price better quality.
Have you ever seen any farmer carry Thalvaar and kill anyone? 
Sir your lecture was amazing
I don't know how we thank u 
First I only think why I am from Punjab why I not froth other city but now when ever any one question me from where you are I proudly say from punjab.and also proud to be a Sikh
The gurus would be ashamed
Read this analysis to understand.
Attacking farmers who work hard to feed us...shame on them
If some farmers Union will go it will be disrespect  the sacrifices of life people have given and a punishment to people who fought with all spirit and have cases registered against them
Modi BJP govt is trying from there side, now farmers in remote villages also have to understand about the opportunities
Now this is what happen when you fallow cheap designer media
Please ban NDTV
Thank you for explaining so well
Most probably that 755 dislikes are from bjp supporters 
Lanat hai tum news channel walon pe
One sided information
Pehle bjp ne election ke liye rally kurwaye ab congress rally kurwva raha farmer bill cover mein ..our nation is not in good hands
Election kay bad sabki demand puri hogi
Thanks to my self I find you before 2month of my ssb ...I learnt alot .. Hope you will update more videos related ssb, specially GTO task
We love our farmers 
Jai ho Indian TV New channels!!
Where are all the American religious organizations.
I support this farmers...
Now they are barking like mad dogs because their planning doesn't work..
This came a little late just before elections. Remember that if Sardars can fight oppressive Mughals then they will also fight oppressive BJP.  A government must listen to the people's voice always.
this was historic ...
The lady is trying to defame the farmers.
Sympathy  With Family... I Think Leaders Used Him . No one Should Run Over innocent people in High speed jeeps like a Mafia.
Government is waiting for farmers protest to lose support of people. People support government, because they enjoy such managed facilities. People supported farmers because of BS emotional drama of jai jawan jai kisan. We've always been bad with such nursery rhymes. Remember Hindi chini bhai bhai? Hahaha.
Where is Ravi sir
Got a day dream of tomato potato dish made was poisoned by this neem haakkim thukkpatti with explaining the dish is haraam.
Fear of UP Punjab elections
Why forcefully and without consultation of stake holders these 3 new laws Pushed by BJP Modi GOVT. 
Try to make the end of andolan documentary these needed for future
Shame police
ring to get more commission.
it was all pre planned,  bs sirf isliye ki Government ki badnami aur gir jaye...        And for today's act of Flag removal from red fort and too on this auspicious day  of 26th Jan is not acceptale, ye bhulne ya maaf karne wali chiz nahi ki are ye log tho bechare hai protest kar rhe the, sarkar inki baat nahi maan rhi h tho kya krte...thsese khalistani shikhs, anti naitonal farmers and Rahul co. supporters should be punished. Pta nahi Indian mei log in cheezo ko tolerate kaise kr lete hai. Mujhe tho itna gussa aa rha h ki agar mei waha hota, aur (mere pas authority hoti saza dene ki) tho mei us sab ko pakad kar, jail mei band nahi karta, balki aisi saza deta unhe aur unki puri family ko (including Khalistaani farmers, Oppsiton leader and politicians and those who suppported it) ki maut ki bhi rooh kaanp jaati aur dubara koi aisa karne ka nahi sochta..us saza ke samne unhe marna jada aasan option lgta. but maut bhi nhi mil paati..they deserve this...
Please
Yes it's against farmer and nation
corona kaal me sansad me adhuri charcha or hungame ke bich ye bill pesh hua tha.
This is CM...of our state...who is encouraging people to go jail....
    2.1 Agriculture comes under state list , but this makes it a centralized topic (as if centre is interferring with state subjects )
Thanks a lot  HONOURABLE NDTV TEAM.
England broken by EU by brexit, will its colony be dissolved by farmers atleast now (with Bhupinder grandson as CM and Queen owned Delhi PM) is the question
Leaders like this need of the hour
BBC covering 
Since
wastage of water
private buyers . In 2019 only 15% of produce of total agriculture was 
Who has given order to dm...
that wil near future to bring state budget system though they are not preparing it will be future and expected system adding on corruption taxes 
The reporters face when Capt says: Thank You Arnab!
Modi... What a costume... What a acting...
Thsi is so inhuman ....immediate action needa to be taken against this action ......
The government should think about farmers doubts and meet with the farmers 
What does it MATTER if the Taliban regime has male or female people in power?
This only shows one thing that this government is for inclusiveness and of democracy, it listens and behaves with each and every section of society. 
This happens when you give your valuable vote to illiterate idiots.
The best video on this topic.........
Election hai isliye
the ones who need attention are not getting it, but people like Lucknow girl are getting attention needlessly, as a young Indian I am feeling shame and fear cause of it.
 Being without competition is not democracy.
You just said when Atal bihari stuck his neck out, the same people for whom he did those economic reforms voted him out of power and we got the UPA. Do you want to change the ruling party and bring back the traitors? Are you trying to push Indians in hopelessness?
Who needs a spokesperson when you have media channel like India today supporting them. 
Shame on the government
Modi is unfit for PM,  he support only business peoples,  not poor people,  weast PM in Indian History, he is very criminal
He is looking like paresh rawal
Terrorists
Indian army is phutto they cant. Attack taliban. They love to act in bollywood movie and fight in  movies only
y dnt they ruin planttt. they ruin pabl y nt this.
Had you been following reporting the way the sequence had been going on you wouldn't have believed it was in farmers nature to do that, don't show propaganda news
Its not only kisaan problem ,Punjabis are fed up of stupid politicians
God bless our Farmers 
Fell bad for those poor farmers beaten up only because they got trapped by their fake leader Dakait!! who has some poltical agenda!!
  next PM election  BJP     ?
That future isn't far. Get that message to the director and editors.
2020 October: Will Indian Red Army defeat Naked neoliberal Capitalism of Imperial proxy Parliament?
There are so many idiots in this comment section. The average IQ here is around 80...
This is not about Farmers but Middle men.For Opposition this is not about farmers but oppurtunity to make noise and Disrupt. Botb common man and Farmers have to put up with difficulties on top of covid.Will this gain Opposition politically? Thats what they day dream.
Since when did police started interrogating this way with a mic in front of whole public
Excellent sir...... Hats off the
Modi Government work for few oligarchs not for 130 crore people of India.
Wtf? Police has to fire tear gas...fuck you.
Protest till 2024
So now you want to know who I am before I get Acces to whats really happening in the world. Its time we find a new platform to communicate
election fear of ,2022/2023/2024
Farmers will win against Modi government
Option C is the correct answer
Every step to surprise Nation but people will surprise falsehood
Take back these farmers laws which only gonna benefits big corporates.
what people of india need. food security..bjp destroyed this country economy
Jay Congress Vijay Congress 
Looks like people have understood that covid was just a bogus used to control the protests happening inside the country..
Opposition want to prepare propogenda to gain their popularity. Sorry farmers ... U think its a win but in reality u r losers.
2. Suspending them for 18/x months is HOGwash - Supm.ct needed to declare them UNconstitutional so the question of suspension does not even arise
Delhi news lads police Muslim girls
BJP tak news channel
Owener will got insurance compensation
I'm really gonna be honest here this is something that has been on my mind but why does every time there is anything related to farmers or village people everyone starts acting like they are saints who do no wrong it's not like they sell their produce for free to feed us and every time some bad produce happens they get tax waivers and even the price of other things increases which is paid by tax payers. Here they're destroying buses, beating police, blocking highway which affects the normal people there. We need to stop acting like villages are heaven or something cause in the end everyone wants to do things for their own good.
#StudyIQ #Pendrive_Courses for Various Govt. Exams, Click here http://bit.ly/2QcdLOd to know in detail OR #Call9580048004 
Lol people who still believe they r farmers r nothing but idiots  and pappu followers 
Farmers should put a halt to its production. Bringing the govt to a complete halt
 Love from Kashmir 
IMPLEMENT IMMEDIATELY, FARMERS DO NOT WANT COUNSELLING.
Great ntdv show right things
Please  comment in you opinion in comment section on this bill.
Amit shah ke tommy se kya pooch rahe ho .
This is madness. Farmers have right to peaceful protest in this country. Such visuals cannot be of healthy a democracy.
PM can call an emergency Parliamentary session to revoke/remove this bill but fooling Farmers He establish himself as a drama king or a fenku Farmers dont trust him any more you will see will start another issue like hindu muslim or Pakistan then Kashmir issue to fade And finish Kisan Andolan
What they are doing today, they should have done before Ammendment of laws. Everything can't be taken for Granted.
Answer  : - Indian  farmers 
We all Should think with Cool and healthy mind about passed time in the lockdown in 2020 in the BJP Government that how did day pass in the day of Corona days
We want to see real news ,
We don't want to give power to congress again as it will go to worse state in future
"  Farm Laws Repeal" another brilliant game changing ,masterstroke action by our our worthy Feku.
India can never be a superpower because for that we need double digit growth and for that to happen we need reforms and modernization but as we have seen it is so difficult to do reforms in our country. India will always remain poor. 
I wonder during this time how many people have crossed over the southern border here in the U.S. ?
shraf Ghani has reportedly left the country with billions of dollars. Russias embassy in Kabul has revealed that Ghani arrived by helicopter with four cars full of cash boxes, Russias official news agency reported. According to the news, the entire money could not be loaded on the helicopter and the rest was abandoned.
Unless its Hong Kong, then Trudeau is ALWAYS SILENT.
HINDU-MUSLIM-SIKH AND ISSAI ALIKE MUST VOTE, SUPPORT AND ELECT INDIAN NATIONAL CONGRESS UNDER MRS. PRIYANKA GANDHI VADRA. MRS. PRIYANKA GANDHI VADRA WILL STAKE CLAIM FOR CHIEF MINISTERSHIP OF UTTAR PRADESH AFTER 2022 ASSEMBLY POLLS.
Maybe this channel viewers all mulle
U gave a example of jio.
BT p by by
Bahut simple way mein aapne Repeal procedure samjha diya hain.
Mr Alex, you must study the case properly. You are misguiding people. I am unsubscribing your channel.
1st time came through your channel.. nice explanation. Every thing is there. I understand both govt and farmers. Farmers basically worried for their security.
Thnku very much sir for raising this issue....
You can check the location of his phone... 
Tikait needs to b put immediately in kabul to know more indepth first hand studies of taliban . What farmers protest something else going on under that head .
SIKHS ONCE THIER MIND UP WILL NEVER TURN BACK  WITHOUT THEM INDIA IS NOTHING  SO DO RESPECT THEM
Andh bakth are disliking the protest.
Thanks RSS / BJP / Fanatic Hindu Group or TV Channels When They Say Word Khalistan Or Khalistani They Support & Promote Sikh Nation Worldwide THX, Anyway Chahal Sitting In The Pennell With Turban He Is RSS Agent & Close To Capt. Amarinder Singh From Patiala. He Is Not Living In California Or USA. He is From Patiala, KHALISTAN
All should read the newspaper to know about the dark side of this party. Boycott all news channel. 
Only one solution .. khalistan zindabad
No opposition ,no media, only Kisans are struggling to save the democracy in India from a corrupt,fascist ,poonji pati govt.
Voice clear nhi hai please change the explainer 
Whose here after .. Bill wapsi 
Farmers must burn Delhi and supreme court which is 
Itna bada news channel or or news headline muzaffar pur
Rakesh tikait was hero to zee media , he was only topic  revenue was only bcoz of rakesh ji..
Now we have to proud to be an Indian 
BJP needs to have some shame and self respect. Like hard days made the monkey eat pepper, election results made you withdraw the unrealistic farm laws. You are eating your own words.
Why they are firing tear shell? Let them go?
Must Share Support Farmers ~
Horrible unprofessional interview, reading cell phone newspaper, seems like the 3 were in a comical mood, not prepared, random questions, great opportunity missed by the 3 friends that are on vacation tour
The Evil Globalist are purposely causing chaos around the world.  But that is fine, cause we will destroy the United Nations and their Agenda for World Power.
Still people don't learn,support to congress and priyanka gandhi
Why is not govt taking any action.both central and state government have become paralyzed to do anything against these peacefools.we want hindu rashtra
Hit on head  stupid
India farming has always worked.
Ajay mishra is responsible fo rthe birth of son  Ashish  for other offences he cannot be blamed  legally but on SANSKAR basis
Zee news fraud channel h. Jhuti news batata h.
Just mention the name of Reliance and youth will lap onto believing in BS.
Absurdity of a decayed human mind is watched over by divinely absurd minds of Gods. 
700 Khalistan terrorists died in Delhi farmers agitation, they're not farmers.
Himanta biswa sarma is conducting mass rallies for election in Assam (especially in BTAD area) violating covid-19 rules. There is no law if BJP does rallies but for regional parties u can guess it there is the so called covid-19
Great devlopment of india religion base
Support this Journalist  only Ravish Kumar Ji
BJP lNDlA News 
Koie farmer nhi ha SB bc atankwadi ha paise le kr ho rha sb
We are Indian 
He is the Worst PM in history of Indian politics. Why did he bring the law and why did he repealing it. I will not vote this party ever.
But why did farmers have to sit on roads for 1 year to show them that we don't want these laws.
It is not just a withdrawal of some undemocratic laws,but "Hindutva" as a political platform has taken a big dent.BJP does not have a good record on economic issues as an electoral agenda.
What about if we increase the number of apmc (as suggested by ms swaminathan) instead of introducing private mandis?
Shame  Shame  Shame to Midi and his Party BJP  and RSS. 
Saying "sorry" is an empty action.
Jai Hind. It is the time to take strict action on tikaith.He is mingle with opposition party and with khalistani.
JP Dalal sounds like real Dalal. You are chutiya laughing on 200 farmers who died on Delhi boarder. This is unforgettable 
Proud of you sir and proud of karnal police 
Cong goons on a rampage, next it will be all the cows and goats taking to the streets.
so you dont have to give tax to FCI?
Middlemen Cartel are already exploiting the farmers in my hometown using various loan sharks, threat, panchayat bribes etc. None of the farmers protest this.
Brother why you are not recommended?? You have good knowledge
Any words that come our of modern  Sikh mouths must be taken with a pinch of salt just like British police.
4) An expert in agricultural laws says there might be shortage of food items in public market.
Corruption leads to these situations only
2. Not a single farmer in the entire nation has ever been exploited due to contract farming ever
I am in 10th
Now I realise why foreigners were able to rule over us. You can find this kind of stupidity only in India and only till Hindus are in majority 
For this explanation
Modi + Nirmala sitharaman + Amitsha + Javadekar + sambit patra +  BJP  goons + BJP bhaktas = Rahul Gandhi. ( who defeated above all).
The same symbol is in Sahib Harmandir Sahib and the rest of the Gurudwaras to whom the vigilants of every religion-Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Buddhists, Jaini-bow down. By putting these symbols on the borders of the country, soldiers not only protect the borders but also sacrifice their lives. This Nishan Sahib is waved in foreign countries with foreign flags.
Subscribe our Channel if your interested in Astrology.
Nice Sir 
India Today will be happy about the development at Afgan since india today always criticising indian government polycies. Why the indian government allowing the channel functioning. It should be banned
Please support bjp party
Farm Act rocks.
Atlast Modi also cannot save Indian Farmers . More farmers will be affected without reforms .
5) Were all market committees free brokers?
Fears and speculations!!common talk about facts and laws??
Kon  Hijra Police Gas Chhorta Hai Madarchod Gobar Khata Hai Sarm Karo Police Congress me Welcome In police Congress
In democracy discussion is important 
13. Yellow Vest 2018
Chaos are well suited for India and if you want to build a structure then politicians and outsiders make money. These kinds of exploitation should not be allowed.  That is not healthy for India. Kumba mela style can help common people more than building idiotic infrastructure into the system. Investors wanted predictability to run over the people and be richest person in the world. Calling by different names "electoral bonds" not "bribes".
Farmer watching debate in parliament??? What's he talking.. 
*China's own historical extent is only upto that ruining Great Wall* 
Big loss of small farmers 
Ye chaneel nhi ye bjp chanal party h
https://youtu.be/l16GbHLr1Pg this is bad for india. Those laws are needed for countries progress. Again those were initially written by Congress.
History will remember our dear farmers were the ones who saved democracy in India. It is a lesson learnt by our generation that a party who wins by a huge margin can go crazy in an autocratic manner, can pass bills in the parliament , can choose to ignore opposition, can take the very people who voted them to victory for a ride. Only persistence and unity of the people in a peaceful manner can make them bow down. Hail the farmers of India. On 11;12/21 at 09:00hrs the farmers will do a victory march back to their states. Punjab farmers have sought the permission of the Chief Ministers of some states to hare helicopters to drop flowers on the returning farmers. Returning farmers have decided to go to Harminder Sahib (Golden Temple) to thank the almighty. Farmers of all races are together. Never in the history has this happened before. MODI who used to be called the AURANGZEB of modern India did a 180 degrees turn. GODI media has made the farmers stronger. KISAN from LONDON.
Unfortunately , yesterday the government had decided to withdraw the farm laws .
There is a difference btw other youtubers and abhi n niyu which is seen here by not adding adds in this video.
Is video mein political analysis kya gya Hain. Agar aap log Farmers k bare mein aur iss bill k liye Jo hartal ho rahe hain details Janna Hain to #KhanGSResearchCenter k video dekhiye. Mein wo video dekhne k baad ye video dekha.
Go on modi lock everyone in jail lets seee 
Farmers of this two states get the most out of it while the farmers of MH, WB, KN, MP etc are left behind.
Good explanation, One thing though agar govt. 1st bill mey MSP daal dgi to baat to wahi ghum kar aajayegi. Matlab agar kisi ko MSP key bina Private company sey 50 rs per kg par wheat mil rha hai or agar govt. MSP daal degi lets say 25 rs per kg to wo jo private company hai wo extra 25 rs kyu degi wo to MSP key around hi buy karney ki koshish karegi.
12) Tikait can't go back  because he has taken *huge amount* from Canada and all *weak* parties like Congress, will be eliminated by them.
ofcourse some neighbour countryy does..
12:25 7 MP were suspended. Baki sab apni marzi se boycott kar rhe h. Agar unhe opposition karna h toh parliament ke andar kare , bahar nhi.
agricultural land in Punjab who have not set foot in India for years , 
800+ Farmers died in Process
Unskilled & Unemployed rural youth
Yogi is best chief minister of India,
Jai Jawan Jai Kisan. Only they can go thru such harsh conditions and we cant even appreciate their struggles. Shame on those who are not supporting Kisans
_One Pilot Dead, another Critical as Army's Dhruv Chopper Crash Lands in J&K's Kathua District_
Biased chairman's. In both the houses
Literally UN is just for increasing the syllabus of class 8th
Here, without any reharsal, without any discipline posture, without any plan??
Afaghanistan hindu country hai?
Farmers need Swaminathan  Report recommendations legalised so that they can get a fair price for their produce. Nothing else!!!!
Busted farmers ,
No need of celebration, Modi will bring the laws and it's implementation from backdoor. Otherwise why they waited till 600 farmer's death.
All world  lost the game  but true fighter are winners Taliban .
 millon dollars as donation and indian banks stoped the 
Thank you God bless u
No one sells Rihanna's life sized pillows in India...
- 80% of farmers have small holdings and will suffer; 20% of the rich ones who have abused the system will continue to enjoy the perks
Sale desh drohi hai bhandchod Kishan nahi hai Kishan to hum jo kheto me kaam Kar Rahe hai thu hai ticket sale pe
Government need to take hard step
Not Victory it is faliure for farmers
Rakesh Dakait ki ma Chud gayi !! He collected millions from UK US Canada Khalistani
No import / export....good.
May Taliban be finished as soon as possible. Jai Shree ram
no farmers no food I sort to farmers
We are all people
Yeah but they don't have any pilots to fly these weapons especially the helicopters i can't believe the afgan army didn't bother to fight you have thousands of people who are trying to leave and don't want to live under taliban rule yet they don't have the will to fight the afgan president should be arrested for abandoning his people
If she was my teacher, I wouldn't have got any kt's!
Why u are always against china and pakistan? I know u didnt liked the cup of tea and ur insult  while fighting with china on border.
Farmer protest became large 1million and now big threat for PJP Govt.
It is just a matter of time. BJP has already lost Punjab, Haryana, Uttarakhand and parts of UP. People do not trust BJP at all here.
It's all till election of 6 states
Incorrectly explained .. mandis is where APMC has been exploiting farmers for many years . The auctions are not fair and the current system is where large exploitations happen
Tiket is on fire 
This is not the right time neither for government nor for farmers....but if farmers stay calm at this moment and try to raise their voice by social media or other platforms that is not easy for farmers. After lathi charge not even media covered that news. there are very less who are well educated in farming sector and don't even use social apps. There is a way we all stood beside farmers and raise voice for them.
GOVT . LEADERSHIP  CANNOT GO AGAINST THE WILL OF THE FARMERS...They are the essence of INDIA...AND THEY HAVE A RIGHT TO OPPOSE ANY AGRESSION.
During 2017-18the customs duty was lowered on wheat to 10% and at that time wheat was inported from Australia
This Is Purely Opposition Backed Agitation. If Not Then Why Only Farmers From Punjab Only Protesting??? Ain't there farmers all over india, almost every state produces farm goods but no hue & cry from their state...Even Today The BJP Govt Won The Seat From Muzzafarpur In Zila Panchayat, Where Rakesh Tikat Belongs To, Now The Question Is, Are The Real Farmers Supporting The Govt, If Not Than How Do They Win?????
Jinko Joote Markar bhagana chahie tha unko ghar mein Bitha rakhe hai
Army should be deployed with immediate effect.
The MSP should be a government standard for the purchase of all crops and factor in the cost to produce said crop +10% for the farmer as profit.
What is the role you think social media has played in the farmers protest ?
Tikait ji yeah tho bol do yaar Vote for BJP only...
Sir plz answers bhi video Mai he bata Dijiye
third
It's high time the talks stopped and these guys shown their place
Republic always gives fake news for TRP, stop watching this channel. remove it from your channel package.
Rahul...u please stop this job...
Indian Govt should immediately freeze all foreign funding to any type of NGO's.
Human being Born in the Nature!
What about the lives lost and you guys killing people? Who is responsible? Arnab Goswami?
In farm sector msp may be a problem for private ,but msp is guaranteed for farmers is because it's contribution for the food security of the society
He and his son may not be present, they are smart ...  why would they be present?
These goons should be strictly dealt
The second Direct trade  - corporation are buying Barley for beer and vegetables and fruits for super markets directly from farmers based on anticipated demand they directly work with farmers to grow certain type of crop. help with seeds and technology. other countries have this model and farmers are better. Read about Global Parali @mayankgandhi04 has transformed Beend and shifted to fruits and vegetables directly being sold not through regular mandis. Real life example. Intentions can be doubted better make water right laws.
Now the farmers can go back to their suicides.
India has a "SUPER-MAN" having 56" TOUNGE..
Tu bht borong tracher h
_China holds simultaneous military drills in 4 seas, again; 2nd time in 2 months amid regional tensions_
As per the 3 farm laws, the ultimate administrative authority to listen farmers complaints is the SDM ... Now you know and crystal clear what the SDM s will do to please their political and corporate masters ... 
Naresh Rather Saini
This cannot be justified. But government should talk. Ignorance is anyway no solution. To any issue.
Agri reforms acha tha but jese implement karna chahiye tha wese nhi kiya. 6 din me itna bada reforms nhi hota. Unko pehele farmers, agricultural economist and agricultural experts se baat karke reforms lao fir parliament me pass karo ye kya tarika hota hai.
Thank you...my all doubt is clear in this video...very helpful... 
Nobody cares these so called protestors.
Bahut acchi politics h...
She is worth being PM of this country
Democracy means total Corruption of every Bureaucratese, every Representatives, No Justice in the society as  a result the Masses are   deprived  from Justice, & Stagnation of development  & Progress & Creating more & more War Lords, dividing society on Races & Sects.  
monopolies. And monopolies can only be made when the existing system is
This is political movement..u can only see red flags no real farmers present.
He will work hard to " take out kashmiris " from indians slavery...insh Allah
We stand with this peaceful violence
This is what happens when you take a bikhari chaiwala and make him a frickin prime minister.
God Bless all the Student's 
AMRINDER: frode of Indian politics
In India, the streets are not safe enough for women to go out and protest. That is a fact.
Police protection murdabad
4. They think they are weaker in negotiation positions, if that is the case then why can't they do collective selling so that many farmers will negotiate and sell it. Then they will have a higher hand. They themselves will come for selling in any areas.
Jai shree ram..
These farmers are actually not farmers. These are the evil people who want Khalistan in the name of protest. And by the way, if the farmers are really that poor and they are dying because of Modi Government then how come they have the money and resources to protest?
America  put Taliban in power!!!!
This type of sdm is dangerous for us suspended him immediately
Yogendra Yadav and Sonia Gandhi are responsible for this murder
Congress  Communists     !
This is a welcome relief. Elderly farmers were doused by water hoses last year in cold temperatures, and demonized for it. 
@Kharge, if 700 people died during protest means how it will become peaceful protest. 
Kangana is such a BITCH!!  Sitting from her High Tower of Money and calling the farmers terrorists. Such a SHAME!.
Abe chutiye ye pooch ke thar kaun chala raha tha
Who brain washing these kid without any fact of knowledge
Chor pardhan mantri
Why are you not posting the new video
We completely protest this bill against central law
If you want to become a good teacher, better read some good economics, works of the very best economists the world has ever seen, such as Adam Smith, Bastiat, JS Mill, F.A. Hayek, Milton Friedman, James Buchanan, Ronald Coase, Hardold Demsetz and Vernon Smith, even Kautilya. Learn the basic design and structure of bureaucracy.
you can't just go and make up your own rules,, hurriedly the made up some man made pandemic rule
Maximum Selling Price - In any case you can't sell above this price.
THIS FELLOW MADE KEJRIWAL COME INTO POWER ...NOT SEEM  TRUST WORTHY OLD MAN !!! KEEPS COMMING ON IN THE TIMES OF ELECTION!!
Super explanation sir ...mains point of view..
Big love nd support to sikh brothers from Pakistan
Kisan Kisan India labour India  mother India women India Ambedkar India all all all people help help help
His intentions were pure? Yet he made them wait a year before doing anything.
BJP & MODIJI CLEAVER THAN U.     THEY WILL NOT GIVE U WHAT U ARE TRYING TO DO.    
An expert in the law, [a leading religious Pharisee] tested him with this question: Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the Law? He answered, Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind. That is the greatest commandment. It comes first. The second is like it: Love your neighbour as yourself. 
BJP is worst party in india
If these are farmers i would prefer to sleep Hungry but won't Compromise with dignity of my mother
He is only transferred
once a legend said India is the biggest looser in Afghanistan.
    Land to in capable foreign hands who don't have the guts to face our forces head-on.
Congrats, this is true victory of constitution
The repair cost should be recovered from the so called farmers
Probably others are not as well to do economically as the Sikhs and jats are.
*Why should police be caught in this trap set by the politicians      Police should stand down. Let the Farmers  & politicians protesting disrupt service & clash with public. Let public feel the brunt. Public will be upset and take action against protestors*
Pakistan ke bacche Ka interview kyu le liya
Acha actor hai yeh
OMG ! the Next PM may be from Kissan family.
Based on the recommendation, the Gov will bring an amendment to the existing law or re-introduce a new bill.
Excellent video. But highly biased view. You spoke about 3 phases of corporates that are beneficial to customers and farmers.. if you look at a corporate perspective they were incurring huge losses.  In the 4th phase also if they were getting into losses.. how will even corporates sustain ? The scenario will be still be like instead of farmers committing suicide..it shall be the corporates committing now.  Somewhere striking a balance can happen only once the schemes are rolled out successfully.  A LOT OF REALITY CHECKS HAPPEN ONLY ON ACUTUALIZATION OF THE BILL. YOU CAN'T HAVE A CLEAN PLAN ON PAPER BEFORE YOU ROLL OUT SUCH NEW INITIATIVES.
WE ARE SIKHs  WE RESPECT EVERYONE AND IF SOMEONE DISRESPECTS US THEN WE KNOW HOW TO DEAL WITH THT.
Police are violent for 60 days and left alone and farmers are defamed for fighting for their lives
Thankfully for visiting Farmers protest GBU 
Wrong decision.
A few other multinational and indigenous companies are also directly procuring their raw material from the farmers .
Thank you very much appreciated for your excellent information
I support farmers 
So hundreds and thousands of farmers could've been saved so people could keep getting food for them in small price's
Always treat others as you would like them to treat you: that is the Law and the Prophets.
Boycott Modi
ye to toll par lathicharge hua ha ye kh rha ha city ki taraf jaa rhe the
True farmers have been working on their fields. No impact on them. Paid protesters, perpetrators, foreign hands are confused. The entire opposition is in a fix as to what to politicise for future. So no wonder that Priyanka tries to rake up new issue.
Its not long to wait .
This is no way democracy. Fighting its own citizens. Shame on the government.
Relevant and to the point...Saved a lot of time...Thnks Sir.
What is with the beep what are you trying to hide..
Dirty politics of India.
It is for the farmers,
These idiots are in a herd and not wearing any masks! What a shame!
Always stand with farmers
She is 
Education 
Delh police sirf aam nirdosh logo se 2-2hazar ke chalan le sakti hai bus
There are some loopholes but this new bill is a progressive step for Indian Farmers but they need to be educated about this correctly as opponents are misleading them as they always do.
0:40 please show the starting of this issue..
Owaise is a foolman
REPENT THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN IS AT HAND MATTHEW 24:14..AMEN YESHUA/JESUS LOVES YOU JOHN 3:16-17..AMEN.
That one guy in pink shirt is just lit 
anywhere. I think if central/union govt gives that 1500 crores to punjab
1:32 so much for poor farmers dancing next to an Audi. It was always a battle of power. Current rich farmers feared their power will get diluted if corporations comes in and they protested and they won. Actual poor farmers not in the rich belt of those 3 states will stay poor as they are now. if UP was not having election and western UP was not part of that rich belt these laws would have never been repealed. All political game while farmers from Bihar, Bengal and Odisha stays in the bottom of the ladder.
Indian Farmers 1
Wow Go Guys...God is with u.
Modi sucks, f you andh- bhakts.
Shme on bldy politics
7. What is the difference between Adthi and a private company apart from personal relations.
Zee News bhrashtachar se lipt hai
Ravish Kumar you are the best God bless you
Good explanation
Long Life lslam and jihad
Video me saff dikh rha h Apni jaan bachane k liye BJP kryakrtao ne gadi chda di. Apni jaan bachne k liye log Goli bhi chla dete h. These are not farmers. Govt ne farmers law postponed kr rkhe h to ye protest kyu kr rhe h.
Only on mim
1. economic and social justice government ki duty hai.. Govt is a not a business man... India is one of the top countries among hunger...        ...            ...?
BJP it cell try it's best to make him pappu. But in reality he predict truth.  A man with vision.
darsahan pal  is memeber of moist what he is doing there when he becomes farmmer
This is sponsored agitation
water cannons should be replaced by bullets, if someone protest like this, trying to run over policemen.
8) Tikait has been boycotted by actual Farmers. He is no more hero like his father.
This is nishan sahib,flag of sikh community
Support peasants and their welfare!
Agricultural sector needs more attention and support from the Government .
Which the bloody hell khatar
The third world countries follow their  beliefs,religion and freedom and if it is not according to Western world's they call it abuse and terror.
DAKAIT TIKAIT on the run now. Apex Court just awaken from sleep new character in FARMERS PROTEST Drama
BJP bhagao desh bachao jai hind ye log desh bechane wale log h
*Farm laws repealed *
Now amrinder singh can form alliance with bjp
Both the states have to rotate their crops
Jab law tha tab bhi yeh log roo rahe the . Ab hata diya h tab bhi roo rahe h. Indian politics
Farmers are backbone of India but the real farmers are in farm land
Explained very well. This should have been  told us in news.
So first America created Taliban and made them restless. Then America invaded Afghanistan and left the country in disarray.
This jumla master says he was unable to explain the benifit of farm laws. Did he ever sat with the farmers before or after inducting in parliment.
Excellent and unbiased explanantion Guys..Thank u so much
People also should bring gear gas to blast the police
mother  india or gulami movies best example for this
Why sud he resign... After all he is from BJP.. A shameless party
I feel shame for being a sitting duck
Can any tell me.. 
      action                
Pata chal jayega UP and Panjab election me chor BJP 
Whats the price to hire a aaj tak reporter
Chathi allathe e mala mdi vere enthelum ariyo
Hai sir I need NCERT Syllabus for 8th class because my son write extrance exam in saink for 9 th class kindly send me sir
10000Talibans each gets 100 Dollars /month
With budget people are not happy but godi media is very happy
They cannot match the IS, Canada, Europe etc b/c those countries:
He should be removed as the Agri Minister of Haryana.
The farmer reform bill 2020 is a disgrace to our nation. Pm narendra modi and his team looking to privatise the Agriculture like every other government sector which is shameful, Agriculture is and should be backbone to our country. Farmers deserve more than better. Otherwise we will buy from other countries in future.
i know for which retailer this bill has been passed? any guess. of course for Ambani, who else
Is it not allowed for a farmer to progress in his life with his hard work? Even after progressing in his life if he/she remains in the farming sector he/she is a real hero....
Gando media With Gando Fateh
EK LATHI M PADA PADA NAMESTA CAREGA
Waste management in India should also see as an important sector, not a profit.
BJP will be banished in 2024 for sure
Does they need permission for tractor rally in Afganistan?
The religion of peace, expanding peacefully.
Some right-wingers believe that private religion and liberalism will create many business tycoons.
This is a very peaceful protest. We support the indian farmers.
Sad.. sad majority of people actually!! Likes these!
But laws were good..
the end credits are really cool
Thank you, Modi Ji. We welcome your decision.
- with contributions from various friends
Finally BJP learnt few things from Congress...
Option C is correct....
Farmers celebrating republic day
What will happen if they get sick. Delhi hospital are already overloaded. People are dying on roads,. Punjab government should stop them. if somebody loose their loved ones they only feel the pain.
Only godi media will ask questions to the opposition because they know they cannot do anything. No ED no IT raids.
bjp.. ease hi hei
It's clearly visible that the windscreen is broken. Any driver would panic seeing so many hooligans attacking the car.
Most of the agricultural land is given on lease / theka . but Patwaris are bribed to state in the Revenue records - Girdawaris names of Absentee non tiller landlords including NRI land owners la as Khud Kasht i.e. Actual Tillers . Actual landless tillers are not mentioned in the Revenue records . They remain faceless , nameless and helpless.
Govt who was shouting about double income cant even assure minimum price to kisans, what an irony
Punjab farmer will become more rich and prosperous if they carefully understand the bill like Western Countries' farmer. Farmers should be little patient instead of assuming as if MODI is some representative of Ambani/Adani. Modi is 70 year old and he doesn't need money from Ambani and Adani. Stop blaming Modi. Modi is transforming India so that farmer's generations in future can continue to be proud farmers of India with richness and wealth. Modi is bringing India at par with Western economies. Farmers are misinformed. Modi is cleaning up mess of Congress and Corruption. Modi doesn't work for any Ambani and Adani.
Best thing is that the Kangana bullshit has gone away because of Vir Das and pm narendra modi
This news v want not Sushant...
It was a good and practical explanation, and you have brought good rationality to your thought so as not to be at both extremes but rather discused from its implecations and possible outcomes. You did, however, miss some of the main points of these bills:
woh to haryana me baithe the delhi me to ek inch bhi nhi gye
Please make a seprate video on topic khalisthan
Sir in future....The govt will not  introduce any must needed bill for the welfare.              ??
Third class media
Remove APMCs and MSP.
The seasonal spikes in the prices of onions and vegetables have had a causal link to the hoardings noticed during various state elections. A viewpoint that can be seen echoing on the social media is that the laws bode ill not just for the farmers but also for the consumers, the aam janta who will have to buy food at the prices that the big corporates decide to charge since they have the capacity to store the stock for very long and create shortage in the market. They will be legally allowed to hoard food grains and other stuff.
---Committed massacres of Sikhism, captured their territories and attacked
Love this channel.
Once again proved that Seekhs brothers  are known for bravery.
Power to the farmers !!! Lets goooooo !!!
Covid-19: Delhi Could Be Heading Towards Attaining 'Herd Immunity', Indicates Latest Sero-survey; In One Dist 50-60% developed antibodies
Shame on opposition shame
In a letter to Prime Minister, Amarinder said the state has already written to Ministry of Agriculture recommending a Minimum Support 
Even God had to flee a battle as a asura had a implacable boon thus God got a name RANCHODDAS. one who ran from battle 
Police aur politician sabse ghatiya hai india ke
very good analysis by the person who is with ravish Kumar 
BJP outbound...all know modi speech as mere talks...first 15lacs jhol now this...
Anshu i just started writing essays for UPSC and your essays cover almost all the dimensions which are necessary. Keep going love u from BHOPAL
Unite, Speak up against Injustice, Unemployment, rights. Save Democracy Save Constitution. Live for Humanity Help needy. Jai Bharat Jai Hind Jai kisaan Jai JawanThankyou very much for showing on ground reality of Governance. Request government to build more Hospitals for better Health System. 
Love you talban from Pakistan
Gote Bala haba only punjab election come
Bas ab yeh trend ban jayega car lynching
The very civilized Opposition party 
Even before debate begin , that foolish pink shirt was laughing 
I feel the Government are planning something horrific for the farmers
Bjp has dug its own grave. Coming elections will tell BJP how people feel about its governance.
Don't call these idiots as " kisan. 
This is my prediction.
From where did Anila ji got the news that there were 9 person instead of 8 who lost their life. In BJP party anything can be done and is right by believing themselves for what there faulty mouth utters
Khan sir always op 
Very disappointing explanation..... Watch ravichandran C farmers bill..
God give you free air, free water, free foods then who control that??? & why they control please realize everything......
Oh, ya, like we all know, these guys usually have too much money so they aren't scared of the protest with a stupid hidden agenda. Grow up guys.
Protest Rally London England
Answer 3 only. Love you so much Team .
India is not break by Justin Trudeau and other sepratiest Sikhs but in reality India is break by war with China and pakistan Indian leaders time waste on warn canadaaccording to present situation India is break like Soviet Union because china and Pakistan deploy large army on borders
Thats the fruit of democracy 
Super nagale.we are very interesting of your request.what a kind children are they.we are apreciot you children
Dear kissan we are repelling the rules of farmers we have feel that we  should get some mistakes in this 3 krishi kanun and we have also recommend you to go back to it home now we should call this 3 krishi kanunan to the parliament thanks
Good to learn from Israel and China
KASHAN TO JEREE CUT  REHE 
Anti nationalist forces assembled together
Where is UNO ???Human rights activists ???Take lathi in your hands also
Why don't the media show this mannn, are they out of their mind, the tv media is an extreme example  of how selfish a human being can be!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finally someone bold enough to stand against Capitalism.
Haryana police can try cordon off the the blocked road area and stop supplies like food and others. This will force protesters to desert  the agitation slowly.
Whatever happened was not right, but completely blaming farmer and calling them anti-national is ALSO NOT  right This is the same DL Police which attacked STUDENTS sitting in JMI Library. Everyone here knows how the bill was made, passed. Mending things/ situations according to their comfort and sensibility
It doesn't matter who won and lost in this little political battle. In a few years Punjab and Haryana will run dry because of monoculture of wheat and rice. Let them reap what they have sown.
CONGRESS  IRRELEVANT n REJECTED.
Anti-national element s in power...bjp is the worst mistake of india
0:10 PAD S A HEAD SHOT
Shameless godi times now .
Vice should try to make some more ground documentaries in India...
Like him or not atleast hes speaking up when everyone else is looking the other way
Eat the rich
It's very abrupt hearing such nonsense explanation from him. However this news will fade away in two days.
I am from bihar my whole family is in farming but they don't think there is any problem with this law because bihar don't get any benefit of green revolution and other farmers in my village are also have no problem.
A beaitiful video which shows the beauty of democracy in india meanwhile showing the hypocrisy of priyanka.
Best but explain today's situation sir
We need to live peacefully
Commonweal and new India are the newspaper by annie besant 
UP election is coming 
Namdev gurdwara ch Ladies fighting
Govt.had shown total wrong thing.
Happy to hear but ample of time taken to take decision
Shame.... Is this how SDM speaks??
C
These are not Farmers...These are TERRORISTS!!
file a case against this chairman. If any lawyer is reading my comment. Bring him down to his knees, taint his profile, or at least he apologises for what he did so that a good example is set for others also.
Sad still govt didn't take any action on the farm laws covid cases are raising in Delhi and they are there fighting for there rights
Yeh bjp ka gift he kisano ke liye . Kia yeh democratic country he Modi se pucho .  jo kisan border pe ladta he desh ke liye woh sadko pe lad rha he apne pett ke liye.  kisan desh ko pal sakte he to gand bhi phard sakte he system ki for their rights !!!!!  delhi police bhut hawa karti thi yeh acha gift diya he kisano ne wah 
Where are bloody celebrities who tweet black lives matter they can what is happening in US 
deputy chairman of rajya sabha he is accused of farm bill he know's Avery thing
Muzaffar Nagar riots will always be exploited for Power Display & destruction whether its 2014,2017,2019 & 2022 or 2024.
First u(bjp n rss,modi govt) targeted muslims now Singh's farmers ...Whole nation already in hell
Did govt wanted that incident to happen ?
Bhot bdiya bhai cut to cut bat seedhe well done bhot acha lga
Sbse bakwas jo media h vo z news....or usse b ganda ye anchor...
Dear Kisan Bhaiyon ,  pl ask to your paid leaders that  how much amount Ardthiyas have earned in wheat procurement. You ask your leaders whether this  amount could have been earned by farmers or not..kindly get reply of this question I will consider you all budhijivi otherwise u r also Andhbhagat and you are saying to Modi Followers and you have self motive in this movement. If your paid leaders donot reply of these questions then you have no right to follow them. I will not accept that data of procurement are wrong as these data are published by Deptt of Food, Govt of India before 2014 also. Take these questions seriously and while tikait i is repeteadely going to Punjab and Haryana. U would have  understood better. When u organise a programme in Mandi definitely Ardthiyas and so called service provider will arrange people.   It's Badappan of Modi govt that they again invited with agenda. Otherwise SKM leaders don deserve for this Bcoz they have not prioritised agenda on famers problem. In Rajasthan alone more than 28 lakh farmers equal to total farmers of Punjab and Haryana have more than 2 ha land but they don get income of 2 Acre of irrigated area. They never get benefit of loan mafi and EBC reservation. Does ythese paid leaders of SkM has any information or picked up their issue. Never and now just for richer farmers of Punjab lobbying against these 3 Acts of which maximum clause were implemented in 2008-9 before implementation of AMiGS scheme. Tikait says that godowns have been formed before act were passed. Bechara Tikait is not aware about Grameen bhandarayan yojana statred in 2004 and AmIGS started in 2008-09 by amending the ApMC acts. Rural entrepreneurs who constructed bigger godowns  exposed him. 
where is covid guidelines? now where is 144? and where is DM?    ab DM nikla nahi inspection karne? ab kaha h wo police waley jo road par aam public ko martey h covid k naam par? kaha gaye state govt ki guidelines? where is high court? judge saab ko dikha ni ab , 
Right to Protest is a fundamental right.
 Their demands for recognition of MSP as statutory right, whittling down of the The Commission for Air Quality Management in National Capital Region and Adjoining Areas Ordinance 2020 and withdrawal of cases on farmers seems unreasonable and naive for following reasons-
He should shut the f#ck up...and stop this darama,,who ganna pay all those kills who gonna pay all that sufferings they going through last 1 year ..those allegations,,where are you then?so better u shut the fu#k up
Report ABP news 
If this was Pakistan God forbid, Indian media would have been full of propaganda from morning to night , all the GOdi anchors would have been touching themselves with jubilation.
Again and again, some unruly and stubborn group of people, holds the entire nation ransom to have its way and it is applauded. Selfishness in this nation, is a celebrated virtue if you belong to certain spectrums of the society which can be hijacked for political causes. All this why? because the well meaning people would rather cling to an emotional humdrum and be conveniently lazy about reading and thinking. 
Pakistan. Or  taliban  ka Hindustan par. Qabza.. ho gaa bohat jaldee....Bollywood janta or Bollywood indian armey...stupid PM...google report....a tea man
FIGHT FOR YOUR RIGHT MADAM PRIYANKA GANDHI.
Next move on your heads.
Bad job police and government and rss
covid for us not for you hahaha you beauty
Why your reporter not able to meet , these persons only ajj tak or lallantop is second ajtak??
Keep this guy away.he has destroyed india once and that is enough. Arnab I am disappointed in you.
Informative session.
BJP knows how to buy people and how to play the blame game!
Even Mahatma Gandhi was beaten up by the British during his protests.Battle speech before beating up the "farmers" is regrettable.
Vikash sir please describe deeply
Govt must take serious action on the goons use force to Sr d them to home
We hate Yogi..... And I support Krishan........
Uniform MSP will be a bad decision. But I like the old structure. Where the standard farmers can sell their better products at places with  MSP in the Mandi.
News channel
Ye sanad h  isse accha to baccho ki sansad hoti h 2        ,  
Ajay Mishra said that he would resign if his sun found guilty then if he do not resign it is completely clear that bjp leaders may say anything but will do some that they might wanted
So the comments are up here but disabled on the Canada trucker protest, hmmmm.
After protesting do long in a peaceful manner why did they resort to  violence. All their efforts gone for waste.  Very sad.
Excellent presentation as usual. Keep up the good work.
Since 60 days they are sitting in boarder peacefully, no action taken, finally .... violence is not encouraging 
Any one know chandigarh to jalandhar diverted Routh
Plz talk the development of nation,
A lady who sit on the bench say that don't listen to farmers 
He is hand in hand with the Chinese now.
India PM Modi is not good PM for Indian people because always BJP party Black act make through pass India parliament
Stop such Sponsored aforesaid Farmers Andolan. If Farmers Law is bad then why not all over Indian farmers support it? ? Why such things happen near time of UP election? Indians know everything now.
Proud of you...
If shahrukh khan has to be removed from brands why not home minister removed , he can directly influence case , why hasn't he removed ?
Proper team co-ordination.
Why media is covering communal leaders like him
Sold out to government 
A mota bhai Amul Butter bhool gya is me?
INDIA me bohut jyada army chaiye please Kuch kijiye. China, Taliban and Pakistan Ka military se bhi jyada zarrorat hai.. borders me bohut Jaga Jaga military group chaiye please Kuch kijiye... only 400 KM ki doori hai..
Ans:- 3 only
What is the basic problem with the farmers????
We are protesting. Farmers will loose land. Farmers will die. Thats it. Nothing more and nothing less.
Deplorable. I heard the officer concerned after the action. If a budding IAS/HCS officer is telling a plain lie-where India is going?
TheBillspropose to create a system in which thefarmersand traderscansell their purchase outside the Mandis. Further it also encourage intra-state trade and this proposes to reduce the cost of transportation. ... It also providesbenefitsfor the small and marginalfarmerswith less than five hectares of land.
Yeh Supreme court to phesla Jo hona hai.
Be with farmers  we wanna wipe out the extremist party BJP in india
Up government 
Laws will favour the farmers only if you let them come out of traditional ways of growing and selling crops
Finally I found a unbiased channel
Great
I say something about Ravish kumar,
Lucknow apple executive murder
Great bill
Hope this strictness was showed by police long back.... Late but still it is good
We have to make one child policy. In India. All problems in India is only the uncontrollable population.  Please make strictly one child policy.
All hype died. Now we are rarely getting any news about them. How long can they keep up.
As Afghan share border with China. New government should accept more Ugur and Rohingya Muslims and use their potential to build up new Afghan.
Fake audio in the background
these farmers protests will be there until the Punjab elections. After that, they will shut down.
when a state in remote ends , no suburban metro districts develeopment they will engage to fool public  
Contract farming: this should not be the only option. Contract companies are monoculture, reluctant to re-invest back into farming communities' rural interests. Sub-standard commodities can be rejected. Payments to farmers can be delayed. 
Send pdf pless
You are miss reporting
Farmer win this battle
best thing in whole video @17:30 pehle wala maha punjab ikatha hua hai
Shame stop sedition charges
God bless PM Modi and
Dw thanks farmer unity win 
SIR G KAISE AAPKI TARIF KARU ALFAZ NAHI MAIL RAHE......TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NICE SERGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
BJP hatao desh bechao
Reforms are needed not just in agriculture but every sector of economy.
farmar's protest a  toolkit of opposition parties..
Govt  decides msp : A2+FL METHOD  WHILE   national  commission  on  farmers  wants it on C2
Only police can save delhi now "From so called farmers "
Feed them food and give'em money instead of building Cricket grounds.
4. Sikh will agrue from  in the name of bjp.
Mind your language abp news rakesh ji not jat leader he farmers leader.
 MODI  is  TAANASHAH 
One more method of Division voting by aye and no slips sir
YY point is very interesting. I support YY viewpont.
Vande Matram , Don't be fool of his statement. always wrong
Victory? What did they win? hahahahahahh. Back to the old system that has produced thousands of suicides. IS THAT A VICTORY? GROW UP
The glory of power is ..
Rakesh Tikait.. You're great you are far far ahead of many National leaders... Keep it up...
I am also a farmer and my son's will also be farming here. We had been deprived of our right due to few Agents and Middle Men and when now Govt has taken steps to curb that and help us. You western media guys are spreading lies and hate among us and dividing. Watch there in your land for next Farmer Protest and it has begun now in Germany. Beware. We are coming to you.
Jay hind    jay netionaldashakt
The entire opposition has been exposed
Wouldn't it be karma all the way around if the farmers stop their produce from going into Delhi . Modi  on his dinning table"meri  sabji kidar hay"
What a waste of energy, age , fuel and altogether administration
 .... 'these reform bills represents a blunder by the Govt in assuming and equate our Indian farmer as to be an American farmer/farmimg system ( as an example),  In America,  unlike our nation/Bharat/India, there are few farmers each with with huge farming lands and privileged with requisite resources, education, computer tech, logistics and above all America Govt has obligatory provisions - a binding by law of subsidies to the American farmers, whereby American farmers have the built-in/inheirted capacity to act as private business themselves without any middlemen so to effectively/economically manage their produce ensuring definite profit margins  ....... but in India/Bharat with our huge populace of small land holding farmers, our farmers at large are not inherited with  their personal / private / individual threshhold of resources, education, internet/comupter knowhow, paper/documents works, logistics requisite to enable them to manage marketing of their produce ....' 
But our 56 inch PM very much busy with his cabinet seat, Rafel deals, Israel spyware on indian public and govt  machinery, selling  of indian govt properties to his friends, no time to look into Afghanistan where India did lot of investments. 
Listen him whenever u fell exhausted.
Its our Delhi we are paying taxes to make Delhi look beautiful however there is no use of damaging public property. Vaise hi India is already way far behind other countries ye Sb karke or piche kardo ki develop hi naa ho paaye.
It's just a political stunt.... Nothing else
Free Punjab and haryana  UK supports 
Zee news kills our democracy shame on you zee news 
good sir continue
Problems in rural areas
Sir the way you explaining is excellent
The most happiest day for the quint, Ndtv and the Wire..
What about all those bjp workers?  Will the police arrest them as well.
Covid19 have witnessed huge BILLS in private healthcare , Government must open 1 PG / SUPERSPECIALITY HOSPITAL INSTITUTE in all 5700 subdivision by 2022 and 1 medical nursing college by 2023 to give MIDDLE CLASS and POOR quality healthcare
*building a dam to trap in water flowing northwards and thereby routinely flooding half of Panjab, as seen in 2019
I come from INDIA where news laundary is a propongada channel
we want a good opposition , this opposition is terrible , its more like a fish market chos
What about export and impoert offarm produce ,is that not regulated by Central
Spend whole his life in usa  and talking about indian farmer wt a joke
Very good farmers i hope you'll get rich now right? India is a failed democracy accept it or not.
MSP is all about crops it's not includes milk and sugercane so Shanta Kumar committee calculation was related to only wheat and paddy. So if we include other crops of msp regime it may go to 9-10% but not more than that
Hello sir 5 acer mai 10 ton hoti hai gahu
Now next up CAA
you are exactly right
They are not farmers they are paid politicians
Now this protest continues because congres and few khalistani gangs want it to continue whtgwre farmers want farm bills or not.( It's only their agenda that matters) 
Very well explained. 
They are not farmer
One woman won't get her high position job back,I feel for the thousands and thousands of people who don't know where there next meal is coming from
Where is modi ??
INDIA will then change from the LARGEST DEMOCRACY IN THE WORLD TO THE LARGEST SLAVERY NATION OF THE WORLD
In few years this person's will go out of jail .
This is how an educated politicians play politics.
Dear brother what you were said in this video absolutely absolutely correct
Good coverage
Shame on reporters who use their skills to oppose a price which is by definition MINIMUM. These sold out journalist will never cover stories on why we buy items for  rs 100 plus which farmers sell for 5. And why they cant get a assurance to sell the same at say 2.
Delhi protea how it moved to UP. Just before elections?
Yogendra Yadav says that farmers are already allowed to sell products to private traders. They also showed the fact that 94% of farmers are already selling their products to private traders. Now, how come all of sudden the data will be gone? I think that is a BS argument.
2- Stubble burning and subsequent surge in air pollution in and around the NCR region cannot be dealt lightly, neither in short run nor in long run. The approach should be accommodative, cooperative, judicious and participatory to tackle the issue involving Every stakeholders but these farmers have been reluctant or rather insensitive to this perpetual problem.
Do justice vid them
Modi regime is worst than dictatorship. Independence for Punjab is the only solution
I hope this farmers protest will teach us a lot that always stand for your rights.
 very good explain but wr is provisio of this type in construction
Great job by Sandeep Chaudhary
Chor chor mausere Bhai...sabse bada chor yeh tikat
Next CM Akhilesh Yadav 400+
Rahul and Priyanka do you really want to support  the people who killed your grandmother
But This law will kill this millions and whole ecosystem and create a oligarchy market, which will ultimately pave path to unhealthy genetically modified chemical agricultural practices and end up ruining the 70 crore farmers life, health and future generations.
I LOST MY DAD IN 1971 WAR AND HE WAS A PILOT IN INDIAN AIR FORCE.
But Wait.. we would never be in this state if they had been Media instead of paid media
Yogender Yadav is making prejudicestic opinion out of unauthentic presumptions that sarkari mandis will collapse after a year
Hollywood Females Celebrities Latest Updates , News , Entertainment and Current Issues..//
Ye he public power
why is he wearing an underwear style mask?
It's murder by the BJP government. Public wants justice
kurci khone k Darr se toh log dushman ko bhi bhai bna lete hai ye toh phir juban thi  .......Darr se toh ache ache hill jate hai ..............
Punjab has the highest average farming household income in the country at Rs 2,16,708 per year. While Bihar has the lowest at Rs 42,684 per year. 
What is consequences if MSP is not followed at Mandi
The most powerful people of this country (politicians) are terrorist.
Today on November 19 2021 we defeated the arrogant bjp government 
Modi will kill  people every world he did next time don't bjp
And this gives advantage fr the opposing parties and anti nationals to mislead them, which happened in artical , caa and now farmbill and will happen more if not sloved
---Annexed Turtuk from Pakistan in 1971;
The bane of this country is not it's illiterate population. It is the educated population whose degree is not worth the piece of paper it is written on, but it pontificates on everything under the sun. And oh, their bleeding hearts, aren't they the epitome of empathy and kindness?! Never mind that their crocodile tears, are blurring their vision. 
I am modi supporter but the way they are protesting i think gov should take their law back
Supreme court is Corrupt ..... Politicians to be hanged by farmers itself..... Keep fighting for your rights
Well done bharat kisan unions for beating the evil money men who would have took the soul out of India.
Thanks sir
Idiot Saha ur Bangali,r u any question to Mamata how number of Bangalee during election killed?
All country with Farmers and against anti national BJP and godi media. God bless Naraish Takait ji.
3. Actually, the UNIFIED Resistance offered by the farming community in the times of BJP rule has the likes of SG and the BJP supporters in SHOCK and AWE !!
N.p.singh haina sir jee ,
Don't beg Modi for your rights Make your own free n fair Kisan Desh for Punjab Haryana UP n Rajasthan. Kisan Rocket Launcher Force.
Support Farmers. 
I dont know why we are taking so much shit from this fool tikait.
For became a pm you need to practice acting
The durandline divides Afghan tribes, we will never accept the british imposed border.
Jay Hind specially chief spca receive Mumbai Police Delhi Commissioner Bihar Police Crime Branch
Informative sir.
Everything in the Law and the Prophets hangs on these two commandments.  (Matthew 22: 35-40) 
Cudos to DM and Police for ensuring our right right roam freely  They have no right to block Roads  1:59 dada re, mummy re 
Sikh farmers win...modi lost
India lost, BJP won.
All this video is talking about is, this would have happen in future, this may be happen.
I am indeed Waiting for your reply Dhruv Rathee Ji.
Priyanka's father killed so many Sikh people in Delhi 1984
This news channel eats the waste of Amit Shah, Modi, Ambani, Adani so that's why they speak this.
Instead of naming names who killed farmers who killed bjp workers let us all wait for judiciary to give their verdict. 
Rajpoot bool RHA rakesh ticket  ko marene wale ko 
God how sick r these farmers and their protesting good god  Indians can u people  grow a patriotic spine
Battle of chamkaur  in Delhi
It was well funded by anti nationalist
8:18 how can he keep roza in month of Nov 2020 ? Or am i missing something ? Roza isn't supposed to be done in the month of ramzaan ? Or any fast is called roza ?
Channel name is Hindu but language uses is English.
Thank you sir for this video 
If the farmers were politically motivated then this political movement probably suffered most number of casualties in god knows how many decades.
BJP IS ABOUT TO FINISH SOON
A is right answer
Govt ke control me aatahe toh itna farmer suicide hota he..agar private player ke bharosa chod Diya toh Kiya nehi hoga..u comparing agriculture with business..itna to dimag hum me bhi he...
God is spirit, and those who worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth.  (at John 4: 24) 
This is india
At the same time he must ensure that the sacredness of the house is being maintained.
Thanks u so much sir.
AJIT JI YOU HAVE MADE SO MANY FRIENDS CONGRATULATIONS
Police don't have moral ...they are just for the salary
ALL OVER IN INDIA PUBLIC IS SHOUTING ON THIS GOVERNMENT SO HOW IS HE ELECTING?
Have you guys heard of something called shame ? Stop this non sence.  Today, West is rich because of the free market . I couldn't even get an Airport trolley luggage free in NY and you are teaching us that we should still follow the soviet style socialism in 2021 ?
God Mercy has made them winner... We proud of Our real of You All.. Rest In Eternal Peace the once who died  sacrifice their life for Us... We also in ur Pain in silence and Praying for You all.. HOPEFULLY this never ever again.. Thank you God for the Victory...
Believe me, India (BJP) ss literally doomed.
And they succeeded.
You have no role in this issue.
This is not a farmer agitation it is Arthiyas agitation... Arthiyas are the agent who are used of squeezing poor farmers, but modi now doesn't allow this anymore...
Court can remind  DPolice about their past misdeeds and  advise not to repeat
I honestly hate that they flexing (_) with US weapons and vehicles
Farmers don't trust them who had been cheating them all along.
Not fit to be PM. Cannot walk the talk. Has no courage... Time to resign and make space for Yogi Adityanath ji...
U can more effectively convey the message in 10min. Can't u cut down noisy sentences. Difficult to watch for 30minutes. U r not Mr.Modi
Hum jaise normal log hi suffer krengy in the end.
Support Kangana she is Right
I wanted Farm Laws to be implemented. Sad that Modi had to Repeal them.
Our farmers failed miserably in understanding the farm laws.. I pray they find the truth soon.. but it's their loss
. Farmer sports Party BJP
Gov. Should discuss with farmers.
       You are the best !!
Heartrending ....stop cruelty
Salute to their bravery!!
India as a stockpile for emergeny security) . 85% was purchased by 
The killer of 700 Kisans must be voted out.
Crappy comedy, boring
Also most of small farmers dont go to govt Mandis for MSP, they sell their crops to local vendors ...price they get way is more than MSP...MSP can only benefit big farmers who put peoples on job for agriculture.
Farm bills were actually a good step towards agricultural reforms but kya kare votes bhi to chahiye !!!
Salute to you Sandeep Sir.
1:17 patte Se headshot 
Cow shit media
I hate modi
         OMG ! the Next PM may be from Kissans of India .
*ALL PROFESSIONS ARE EQUALLY IMPORTANT.... Farmers is just another profession. There is no need to put them on a pedestal. Some people quote them as ANNADATA & that without farmers there will be no food. and as such must support them. What if there were no doctors, nurses, frontliners; many would hv died during this pandemic What if there were no jawans, police & security personal; there would be anarchy. What if there were no bankers, money lender...; there would financial system will collapse etc*
Ans. State governments
Important all ban cryptocurrency immediately
Joh bole sonihal sasrikal jai kisan salute to you from america we are with farmer  remove bjp
Your lectures are so engaging that I can sit for hours listening to them.
Govt. needs to initiate formation of platform for farmers in order to manage the agriecosystem with pricing policy as prevails in industrial sector. In fact, pricing policy for home market needs to be uniform for all products. This will safe guard equal opportunity for all citizens. Each one's time will fetch equal monetary remuneration. But,  I don't mean a work of higher importance will not be rewarded. It has got to be rewarded with out being monetary directly. It may be facilities that provide ease of life like services for which financial expenditure may be incurred by nation. Well,  coming back to agri policy, following points may please be considered for debate. 
Govt and Supreme Court have to solve the problem amicably. Rude action should not be taken by using police, which will  worsen the situation. Human  basic Rights should be respected
REST IN PEACE.
5. The price to be paid for the purchase of a farming produce may be determined and
In the house no one had no thoughts for farmers neither our leaders nor the speaker
Comedy piece Sekhar Gupta ..cry lot qnd apply burnol ..Chinese journalists....Modiji is supreme commander of India
4 for 4 CASE is already closed on spot. Now why are you increasing hate in Nation
As a CM of a state, he has the right to reach out to his people and explain the benefits.
Hmra modi suger mill h.... Uske hlt chek kr lo..... 1/3 be payment nhi hua...... Bura hal h
The caption would have cried 'Lynching' had those lynched been iklakh/junaid
Shame on you ABP
Jhoot Jhoot Jhoot bjp rss chinnal hai ye mat suno isko
Less news more self appreciation advertisement
Farmer have teach lesson for him he will never forget in his life.And pls don't trust  this feku chacha
When the ruling party breaks the rules of the house why should they be trusted by farmers with the new bill ?
*Women Safety, Children's Issues Should Be the Priority of All Govts, Says One Day Child CM*
Thank g
Farmers are the true backbone of our country...why our dump government can't understand....worst government ever...
India ke main occupation farming hai 
If that SDM was living in some foreign and did this thing there. He definitely was going to be restigate from his job by sending him to mental hospital. These type of guys harmful for the society.
If it was done by any Congress leader it would have been arrested by now.... But since it is done by BJP things going in different way...... media is not at all in line
Thank you so much
REAPTEDLY I AM ASKING U R CHHANEL U R REPORTERS R THEY WORKING IN HYD IF SO TELL THEM  REPORTE HOW HOOLIGANS ROUGHS RASCALS SCOUNDRELS GATHERING ON ROADS IN T NAME OF FESTIVAL THAT TOO IN NIGHT UP TO 12/1 CHEAP THIRDCLASS DANCE IRRITATEING SONGS LOUDSPEAKERS IN RESIDENCEAL LOCALITY RAZAKAR BORN  THIRDCLASS CULTURE LADIES R DOING CHEAP DANCES POLITICAL GOONS SPONSORED MAFIA FUNDING HOOLIGANS ROUGHS RASCALS TOMORROW ENG EXAMS R THERE BUT THESE URBAN PROSTITUTE R DOING PUBLIC NUANCE IS IT NAVARATRI? WHAT IS HARAMFULL CULTURE POLICE PETROLING HAVE NO GUTTS TO STOP THIS PUBLIC NUANCE ATLEST U MEDIA HELP US EDUCATED CULTURED CLASS
Taliban itself is a terrorist outfit. Taliban has released all terrorists from jails. This is the result.
Abp modi ke chamcheeee .....worst media of india...
The rusty wire.. Propaganda at its best..
Mind blowing explanation  , I was Struggling in understanding those bills in depth... But u did it so smoothly
No democracy left in india .....even the famous celebrities are in fear to raise their voice......90 percent media channels are run by ADANI and AMBANI groups of industries.....they are feeding nuisance to us Indian people.......modi get funds from adani ambani......
THOSE FAKE FARMERS BROKE ALL THEIR PROMISE OF A PEACEFUL PROTEST AND TURNED INTO A TERRORIST ATTACK TYPE SITUATION IN OUR CAPITAL
Ja modi tera Bollywood fame power women money teri raw threats my foot
I do not understand the black hole in peoples minds when this is the reality
What happened next .
It's simple union minister of home should be resign when his son was in murder charge. Looks like BJP spokesperson doesn't have anything to say about this.
Indian farmers = Sikhs, Indian Army = Sikhs, Indian Independence = Sikhs, wow, you are great brothers
It is best for BROKERS....BROKERs are funded by anti nationals
Now that's the way I like it.....achche thukai hui hai......nakli kisan
Half video dikha ke kya dikha rahi hain......Foolish Reporters.,....Stone felters on police equals terrorist like in Kashmir
25 states farmers accepted farm laws...but due to 3 states remaining states are going to suffer..how it become   success to farmers ...
It's been done by Ankit das cousin of congress MP Akhilesh das....proud of your comedy show
What evidence Iyer has to state that " farmers are unhappy with a dalit being the CM of Punjab". This man seems to be not only polarising people of the country esp Punjab on religious lines but caste lines as well..
Sometimes success lies in the path, not in the destination. Keep doing the good work. 
It is very clear, congress is clueless. They dont have any idea about what to do now hence this mockery in parliament.
shows us how  difficult  it is to do reforms in india .                           Edit :  I can't believe it . I got so much support . Thank you for this  .  We need to do reforms in many sectors like agriculture , labour etc so that our country's economy can become 5  trillion dollars economy . Again thank you 
Thks for covering main media may not cover
Beautifully explained. Thank you sir 
shame on u
Love from Pakistan to Indian farmers.
bjp will do time pass with RRB NTPC candidates and  farmers like before.. 2022 is going to be a year of protests
probably only 10% are farmers rest are paid by communists. this happened because congress lost the election
This is the EGO of Mr Modi  on  wrong track.
XD he savagely compared 2003,2017 and 2020 bills....and really good explanation man ...loved it
Preeti Ch is biased, she has an agenda an agenda to score big and she has failed. Good luck to her.
Be sure to keep score at home folks! Nations in protest around the world!!!
Only Salute 
First signs of victory of Farmers. Jai Kisan Jai Jawan.
Cagras mupt india chaheya
this is managed interview by Zee, their main owner is a BJP MP, so this is BJP channel
All I Hero
Whens the conversation about the fact the reason nobody wants the Taliban in power is because it's a very strong Islamic group. The reason they are so awful, is they follow Sharia law.. ISLAMIC LAW
THAT IS 1.66 LAKH CRORES.PER YEAR TO BHARAT FARMERS.
Right action. Enemies of country. They are not kisaan.
The m.p.s who creatd an awkward situation in rajya sabha must be punished deterently. They should not be allowed to take part in any elections . No lenient view should be taken in this serious matter.
Thanx sir
Fantastic leadership qualities.Deeply grateful to him.
One reason why I admire and Respect Yogi Ji is due to his strict action against culprits. Definitely voting for him. 
Police has been harassing us for years n they were not being harassed by farmers but by bjp goons...
True news
So far farmers never resorted to violence. As always there could be some infiltrators from the other side who have deliberately created a tense situation, then acting saint, which a kind of modus operandi adopted over many decades
state will exercise near future to earn through different form of tax they will act as more middlemen looters
World knows police is under shah.ha.ha
Naive lady thinks our government is for people!!
Kalistan terrorists & congress agents
C.M. Uddhav will give justice 
Happy listening this
I love this channel
Human lost the way of living in Nature!
Ha Peoples ka Murder Hua hey Death nahi.
Dhan dhan Sri guru GOBIND Singh ji maharaj gagat guru sarbans Dani.Dhan dhan sahib sri guru Granth sahib ji maharaj gagat guru patat pawan kirpa nidan sarab kala samrath and guru of all mankind and humanity and guru of all universe.Sahib sri guru Granth sahib ji maharaj gagat guru given message of love brotherhood and equality and given message to all religion without any cast colour religion sex etc.And guru of all mankind and humanity and guru of all universe so all good people's become the sikh of sahib sri guru Granth sahib ji maharaj gagat guru and follow teaching.Waheguru.
THESE FARM LAWS THE BEST. 
I'm regretting and so sad after travel India I go there last month for business purpose but come back to USA in few hours vry cheap peoples it's not a safe country for women's actually 77 rape a day occur in 2020 but now in 2021 more than 100 rape report in India daily so more than 100 women's losing their life a day in India USA strictly prohibited Americans girls to not go there
Kya comedy news hai
Thank you..please come again!
If MSP is made a law then traders will have to pay it and not the government. BJP is protecting the traders and not the farmers.
You know who is a disbeliever? in Islam and who is a slave? Hypocrats
It is all created by snakes of RSS including this channel
Where was he when all these farmers were killed?
Judiciary.   Must.  Maintain.  Its.  Diginities
Which Is this truth are the farmers being cheated all these years by middlemen ?
Producersum consumersnum nalla karyamalle..  jio vannond lokathile thanne cheapest internet kittanile.....veruthe oronu paraya..
Jai jawan !! ( most of them farmers sons )!!!
UP should identify all Khalistanis who have entered their state and neutralise them one by one. UP Police should announce rewards for Violent Punjab people who are entering the state.
Bad abp  news
 I have closely analysed the 3 bills what they do is they completely disrupt any control and benifits the farmers have now. FAKES on  social media who pretend to be farmers are not the real farmers of this country. And when you disrupt the way those genuine poor hard working farmers operate you are killing the last hope of this nation and making the people of this nation slaves to corporates.Your reforms are allowing the corporates to take up the control. Do you have any idea how corporates work and treat the people? Ask me  All those FAKE Idiots on social media  just analyse the data across the globe , India is the only country where an individual could survive with such a small income. That is made possible only because we were able to keep the corporates in check. Now wirhin 7 years the FAKES have managed to disrupt the economy  to the core and it's beyond repair now. And when they now do the same to our farming sector should the farmers keep their mouth shut and allow this country to be taken over by corporates ? No as long as you kill the last of us patriotic Indians we will continue to protest ! Just trash the bills and work with farmers the real sons & daughters of India.
Jroor puchiye......
Please try to explain in english....
This was apparently the first video of your channel that i watched and i am quite impressed with it 
Isse kehte hai apni ijjat khud khtam krna...sardaro ki itni respect thi pr ab gussa Ata hai in logo pe....I won't feel safe with them in society.
Sardarji your people hv been murdered, and you R justifying the murderous minister. Love of money is greater I think.
It's a bluff from government they will bring it Again m loving the Game 
These type of ministers will be the main reasons for yogi-modi 's downfall in upcoming elections!!
Sir app padate ho to mothertone uesh karte ho to hamko jaldi yad ho jata he 
He repel law because of election in some state India (Uttar Pradesh, Punjab ,Goa etc ) 
Terrorist modi government Hitler'
They are not farmers there aim to build Khalistan in Punjab they want to seperate us. Some of them are being brain wash
the khangress come back in power. they are dangerous than anyone.
How many words were there pls tell me
Protest is the right of every citizens of india why the hell police stop when they all are protesting peacefully for last 2 month and now they want to protest peacefully in delhi ram lila ground why stop . This reminds same as dyer did in amritsar now this police try to lathi charge peaceful protest.  Shame on centre government
Yes that's true! Good analysis.Thx
All BJP leader Chor hai
 STOP playing the victim  the USA gave you the money 1000 x $ 1000,000,000,000 billion dollars, the last weapons, planes .... but where did your army go?
Forget about calling terrorists  what about water cannon on them  sending people to beat them  sending truck on them to kill them  and big nails on the road
Anchor or godi agent
Indian think in sixty memory too go shorty.
Farmers should be a little sensitive about what is happening in the rest of the country. Sirf aap log nahi desh chala rhe...
Wouldn't have been better if u had asked them to ur home... U would've saved all the trouble.. U isolated them from the most of farmers who are celebrating.. And showing us the people whose agenda is aligned with that of yours..
Indian farmers' power
It's victory of democracy
BJP can only be defeated when Rahul Gandhi resign from Congress top post.    
Good video..... why gov don't want to give MSP ?
Who they are. USA is a terrorist state
India claims to be democracy and locked down whole Jammu & Kashmir for one year with no internet and telephone lines.
The world will never get down. The US will definitely respond to Taliban in a harsh way. There is no any place for terrorists on this planet. Terrorism is demons. By this, they created an image of devil on Islamic religion. I vow that Taliban and all other terrorists organisations around the globe will be taken down. US did not exonerate their soldiers due to any fear of Taliban, but it was to focus on who created Covid-19. Obviously, Covid-19 is a biological war by China. Terrorists are aliens, no mercy, no peace. That's why they risk their entire lives in terror attacks. They don't concern about their family and friends. Even Allah will burn them in hell l!!!!!!!!!!! As a non-Muslim, I  whole heartedly believe that even Allah is worrying why they are using Islam religion as a shield for their terrorism. Even though how they try to transform into gurreilla soldiers, they considered terrorists.
Bjp activist deep sindhu and their group is responsible for this watch it https://youtu.be/-PAImxBFxR0
Congratulations to all the farmers!!!
Same kind of Protest happened at the time of FDA allowing in India. But govt. stood strong and passed the laws. Look where we are today. These laws were for our good
Thank you very much for explaining such an important topic. I am not student but a middle aged Indian and have following doubts and would be grateful if you can answer these
Thanks for information...good video..
When are you sympathizing with Kashmiri pundits
jo modal ye murkh modi la raha wo amerika or europe me fail ho chuka he... he ia murkh
Supreme court of India is sleeping,?
Amazing  expalation
2)and the head of the committee might be biased 
Shame on Modi!!!
I stand strong with farmers
Soulful rendition of hymn in the background!!!
Thanks for using breach word because these gawars do not know the protocol and rules.
Thanks to ndtv and india today for offtracking farmer and brainwashing them negatively against govt.
Modi govt has become so much arrogant that they think they can do anything and get away with it, it's because of all the andhbhakts and brainwashed supporters,
You r best teacher
Very honest officer
26 march ? Shame
1. Why don't we export the excess grains?
Why did you remove dislike button, cowards?
Terrorists in face of farmers
All the farmers can do this farming system and growing your income.thanks for our honorable teacher Dr.Tripathi sir
The worst thing in life is slavery ...
These protestors are just a particular caste who oppresses others in Punjab and parts northern India
RaGa:My time has come
Sujata has a bad manner. Always intervening when somebody is speaking. Her voice and the tone of it speaks alot about her thoughts and intentions which is as hollow as her beliefs and whatever principles
Asking as part of a research project at IIIT Delhi
Thank you Study iq 
No social distancing. No mask.
She reminds me of my English teacher....want to explain but can't
MY MR HANDSOME ARNAB JI PURI EARTH PE EK HI PIEACE HO SACH MAIN
Any property and money which is not Willed should be automatically taken over by Central govt. Even such money which are earned by parents but are invested in the name of these children, in financial institutions like banks, insurance, mutual funds, FDs etc should also be taken over by central govt. Also, such children should also be debarred from getting any share in ancestral property if they are unable to prove in one month time in courts.
BJP is an Indian version of Nazi party !
Lets focus on equality for women in high positions of power.
The cries of Godi Media can be heard across the world. Fantastic tea!!!
Breaking Bharat forces in action. Do you need any more evidence? Time to unite and support BJP even more.
Camera person Surabhi is an emotion
Had a doubt on this!
Election stunt
It was passed in 3 days... While GST took 13 years to take shape..
Proud to be Sikh
Modi is killing Farmers running car over them !!!
Plot twist:- They are not Farmers!!! Rather paid Actors... ;-)
Jo company piche hyay,usko vi tor deo. Those Ministers/ govt 
Prateek sir is great teacher 
indian police and army following the instructions from BJP & Rss terrorists... shame on so called democracy
Not true , farmers do not need laws but support .
    Harmandir Sahib so Sikhism believers assassinated Indian Prime Minister
Thanks for very good explain
Fadbavis could easily split Sena and gain Power but RSS prevented it look now ... 
i like when Samdish is caring about parth all the time
The position is polarised to the extent, that neither side is willing to back down. 
Hindu and Sikh Punjabi ladkiya get abducted ,raped , kidnapped converted etc isn't Modi government raising voice for them too and helping them through CAA ? 
Sir you need to elaborate more.. most of states doesn't follow mandi concept
In other part of the world this is called rioters while the next door called it they just expressing their freedom!
Gujrat to Assam and Maharashtra to West Bengal
Why Sambit Patra, Joker of all time should not be invited in the debate?
Our  PM speech was excellent He put forward his views on this very well It will be received by all stake holders in positive frame of mind Good intentions of government But ultimately politics on the ground had a final say
Very clear video sir!!! People need to see this.
delhi police should release all 300 rioters who took them in custody based on court order for jan 26 violence.
Why no caption for hindi? We don't understand hindi 
I respect farmers more than soldiers.
Maj. Tariq fateh is our isi agent sitting in india and apparently talking against pakistan..the purpose is to demoralize the indian army and to encourage the ibdian muslims to stand up against RSS regime and to snatch their basic rights by force..if 75000 taliban can defeat 350000 well trainned afghan army...US indian and nato forces alone then why 300 million indian muims can not defeat HINDUTVA regime....keep it up Tariq..
Modi defeated! Zindabad . Long live small farmers!
DON'T highlight that Fencing shit. 
The Aim of the Modi govt is to make the only few companies like amabni Adani .. etc as global compititers 
Monk understands this bill better than farmers
only 6% farmers in india enjoy MSP.
Modi and the BJP government implemented the farm law by dictatorial means and in a democracy like India it will never work.Modi and the BJP government is their own biggest enemy with their dictatorship, Hindutva and violence ideology
Total entire 1300 million people of Indians are opposing these Agricultural new laws in India
Only Punjab, Haryana and western UP have MSP thats the reason they are protesting. 
This is not protest farmers itself want to be slave under corrupt govt officials and parliamentary
SATNAM SHRI WAHEGURU JI. SATNAM SHRI WAHEGURU JI.PARMATMA JI SAB LOKA NU KISANA NU TANDROST RAKHE JI.AGGE PARMATMA JI DI MARJI A JI.MERI HATH JOD KE BENTI A JI KI SARKARA NU BILL PASS KARNE CHAHIDE A JI. OK JI. OK JI.
Ok hun by be careful because suman bala back
English subtitles would have helped a lot. The priminister thinks he is a addressing only the Hindi speaking states.
Godi media chatukaar media Dalal media aaj tak news channel hai Boycott news channel  paltu media, Election ke time corona nahi hota hai
Is act ke phle v kisan mandi se bahar bech skta tha, please correct
Will implementation of MSP raise the prices of food commodities in the market?
Sir khan sir official app apple store me kb aayega bhaut dikkat hota h
Agriculture is part 2 of Bill Demonicism.
U make everything very easy keep doing video
Great pm modi ne sabit kr diya ki wo desh hit me  sa8warat hai warna Congress hoti to tange tod k kishano ko ghar bhaij detti
And shame on fake farmers
Yeh farmer's protest neahi yeh liberandu protest hai....
So these is naturally a hijack protest in which small farmers lost thier lives. And those dalals won b'coz country is dealing with internal threats of these khalistanis funded by china & pakistan. 
Jab modi peeche ht gya to Twitter, Facebook walo ko frzi profiles mil gai. Pehle whi frzi profiles twitter or Facebook ko asli lg rhi thi
The country needs at least ONE MORE MODI ADMINISTRATION to build on the  ongoing economic / Administrative reforms,  the benefits of which will become more visible in the post-Covid era.
who is this man
BJP partymen lynched by farmers : True; shown by The Quint : No
Don't they see covid 
No MSP, No protests by kerala farmers..
Hamey ab hindhu ko action lena hai statement nahi deyney ka direst action tit for tat waar na convert ya bhag ney keliye thaiyyar ho javo
Bjp is doing this to avoid loss in UP elections.
Delhi Parliament itself needs reforming and modernisation. Passing of the 3 farmers bills is testimony of failures in following the rule books of Parliament. A handful of people decided the fate of millions without debates and consultations. A bill that is passed under controversial circumstances should not become law.
First of all, the voice voting system has to be removed
indian police aur politician pagal hai  kiun sb ke sb 33% wale pass hai
You are the man. I enjoyed it very much! Keep it up my friend!!!
Complain Sahara Q shop unique product range limited Investor amount when received maturity date 2018 till date not received  the amount  investor.MCA received 744 complain this company plz take action this company and give maturity amount .
superpower india
This all pepople not kisan 
3) kheti ke liye beej, fertilizer, machinery etc sab company degi, to jo local retail log hai wo sab berojgar ho jayenge, unki dukane band ho jayegi
Forgien media always glorified Punjabis we haryanvis gave our blood and savings in this protest but even a single forgien anchor even mentioned name of Haryana or up jats
States had different rules & regulations 2buy food grains frm farmers. It was difficult 4corporates 2handle so many states with so many different regulations & taxes
Policewale randi ke bache h
These people are not called farmers they are called terrorists 
 positive part to  nh sir      ..
At school we were taught that media  is unbiased and remains neutral....dont knw why it seems like either definition was wrong or what's going on is....
Great Next time Feku PM should be kicked out.
Hope in future intern don't risk own life and family in a country saviours effort to save patients when relatives fleece seeing dead bodies , only gets clap , not remuneration or social recognition apart from CLAPS 
Sir I watched your video since long time but you tell me if farmer of mp will sell his grown in rajasthan so who gives his transprting cost
I wish the U.S. media was reporting on this.
I see communist/marxist flags at the end - nothing at all suspicious or nefarious to see here at all folks lol. History shows, never side with the communists - anything to do with communists will be far from peaceful.
Thanks to bbc
Mallika Handa-chess champion... deserves everything under the sun and for sure NOT at all at the mercy of anyone...Just SERVE our champian and even that would be less...she has made it happen for our country which the able find it impossible respect our jewel...(food for thought)
Lulluntop is the bavaseer
Ordinance have been updated to bill kindly change it.
Mandimers' tour to Delhi .If farmers are rich like these,India may be no 1 in the world Media are hiding many realities due to vested interests and not thinking the actual farmers of the country.
RAKESH TAKAIT IS A PATRIOTIC AND BOLD FARMER LEADER. HIS SALOGAN HAR HAR MAHADEV ALLAH HU AKBAR UNITED THE INDIANS. KICK OUT COMMUNAL POLICY OF BJP GOVERNMENT.
Totally wrong information
Why is only Northern India protesting? For crying out loud, Costal Andhra and W.Bengal have the largest paddy farming regions of the country.
Stand as one for the farmers...and fight for there rights...
Thanx mam this essay was ossum 
Minimum price  or  MSP can be declared on major important crops in all states of  India  by state /central governments......even if they don't procure or buy  the agricultural produce from  farmers.....plus no one should be allowed to purchase from the farmers below the minimum  price   / MSP, it should be made illegal to purchase from farmers below MSP whether inside  or  outside mandi .......it will improve the condition of farmers......plus farmers  should accept this as a deal and end their protest ........ in my opinion 
By reducing prices on petrol diesl hiring rates have have nit come down a bit also   harvesters autos cabs tracters lorries have not reduced rates  then why should prices to reduce  it is a loss to govts
PS: Kisan has small landholdings that will be reduced further we know but to involve poor kisan with 2 acres of land in company contacts, courts, and the corrupt legal system is a no-brainer.  Giving a hell of money in their account free is not practical for any government. Wave loans, help them in farming, milk industry, piggery, fishery to feed the nation. Educate their healthy, brave children in college, universities to serve in the army, fields, and factories. 
Sikho ke etihas me hamesha hindustan ko jodne ke lie veeron ki shahadat hoti ayi hai..or aaj khalistan ka nam le ke innocent farmers ke  parivar or unse  judne vale sikho or unke sathiyo ko log aatankwadi keh re h .....When tyrant Aurangzeb killed and raped families then Guru Gobind Singh's army  saved Hindukush from Islam by bloodshed and now I m seeing the consequences of saving them......
We are with you  carry forward your work  help congress to win elections?
Chaudhary Charan Singh was PM of India
Believe me. YouTube made me confirm for nearly 30 times.
I am deeply involved in agriculture and farm revolution was required to strengthen our agriculture. But sadly, it is impossible to explain the benefits of farm laws to some of our farmers. To make a person understand the benefits of law, education is very important. Very sad.
Ye anchor Nahin
Why are you faking up narratives Wire? Are you not ashamed? See the herd following you, all sectarians.
This protest should be done everyday.
I support farmer protest, please keep on doing this or else i will have to leave my job and start doing journalism thought i dont know how to but atleast i can show truth
Well explained , request you to reach every poor and illetrate farmers make them understand about the farm laws by explaining them in their mother toungue. This will help not only the poor farmers but the whole country.
Thank u very much sir
They are mute spectators to the wild Tractor  chase.It goes on to show that on any given day the unruly crowds can do anything, just about anything to demonstrate their power and administration is helpless. Why was firing not ordered???
Brilliant explanation. Very sad that the bills have been withdrawn. All loss to farmers and end consumer.
Never voting for Congress Party in my Life. Jai Bhaarat, Jai Modi. These Congress Traitors have held down our Nation long enough with Fake Protests and Scams, Allowing Naxal, Maoist and Communist movements to flourish. 
Best law.. Great achievement for every farmers... Jaihind...
The police had been patient for almost a year.  The goon farmers got what they richly deserved, better late than never.
you just copied from google
2 hindus killed by terrorist in kasmir not a single debate on any news channel .. look like hindu life does not matter only up election matters .. when will political leaders will visit kasmir
Veyr very good decision by the ruling party of India. This says a lot more about opposition than the ruling party coz including you (why? because you never tried to use journalism to spread correct information about the farmers law) . What it says and convey is that  ruling the country is more important than serving the country. Opposition can go to any extent even destroying the common people and their interest if it serves them right. You are also part of it. Remember that.
Farmers hai toh food hai, food hai toh desh hai
Salute to the courage of the farmers involved in the protest. They never knew what will happen, but their faith in their  belief is amazing. It reminds me of Gandhi's satyagraha and non-violent struggle. Congratulations to their effort.
ha ha ha... Modi's Politics...FARMERS LAWS HAD TO BE DEPLYED IN THE NEXT TERM, AFTER 2024. MUSLIMS LAWS WAS ENOUGH FOR THIS TERM.
Sbse ghatia anchor ha ye
Keep protesting farmers. All of the governments are pushing through unacceptable bills - using lockdown . I am glad people are fighting for their rights . Go farmers.
Jo video hai use me to kishan bahut dhire dhire chal rahe hai 
@japan surrounded by all side with 3 Aircraft carriers.
Ajay bhisht is talking about Democracy and Farmers. Neither he believes in democracy not he believes that protester were farmers. Entire BJP has called them Khalistani, terrorist and goons
What is the difference between private market and APMC.
Really ch***** video. Declare yourself at protestor but on other part plz tell whether an aspirant can write your points in exam? Non-Sense you are
Is this covid-19 wave three in making ? Please follow the protocol ! Atleast respect the people who died .
Kisan is that innocent that anyone can influence his mind & this is what happening here.... misconceptions
Ndtv congress channel everything drama script by congress
"Why did the Indian government not put Taliban in uapa list?" Very good point by Owaisi sahab.
Ramnik mann how much money you got
Plants free of water deficit events more efficiently absorb available plant nutrients enabling plants to achieve their maximum genetic potential. SWRT membranes installed below plant root systems retain water where it falls, providing continuous delivery of 
So if you look at the whole picture, America has failed on both fronts. It failed on the political front and Pakistan became a Chinese puppet and failed in the battlefield against the Taliban.
But, the problem is that the alliance partner....akalidal walked out on the issue from NDA ; this infuriated Namo and Govt. As I see the developments in AP., there is little chance that the government will bow down. 
Please reply anyone??
The United Nations must intervene and sanction Modi for not listening to the farmers !
Worst person in India holding a constitutional post, he is just a pimp a thug and a traitor
India is not free
Where is his written action paper what he talked about .. can someone ask ?
In today's time no one can lead the country with dictatorship. This decision has been taken only to attract voters. : #JOLLYUNCLE
This jerk is making all kind of sh!t to appease his master. Next time I might drag him by feets from the flight I'm going to board with him.
Where is police
We'll come Kisan bial 
       anchor     
One of the most disgusting prime minister in the history
This isn't democratic at all! BJP act as dictators...
Easily
Congratulations to farmers
Respected  P. M. modiji.
and then they say they are civilized people, oh this is from Pakistan? indian media? hmmm nothing so far on Pakistan, pretty strange india meda
Krishee Bill will be gamechanger for Indian farmers and it will drastically improve the farm sector.
Purely behind election issue of withdraw drama.
What have you all been doing all this while. Politicking? Shameless politicians.  Are you not ashamed to say this. Why you earn a salary if you never to thought of all thos for your farmers. Idiot
Watch this IF you want to know about why the farmers protest is happening:
Please make this bill more clear people do not understand
Thank you so much sir.. Very helpful... Big controversial topic covered crisply and clearly within 15 minutes...
Sujata ..... should read about a Strawman Fallacy..... Shame on her .... what political analyst ....
Making money is easier through investment, don't save your money buy assets and invest
Make them think you're weak and your guard is down, then strike!
Jai mulnivasi Jai bheem Jai Tipu Sultan Jai Kisan, morcha ke sath hit counter code of conduct for PM r Reader go head with love and life election commission
What a moments.
She is so brave
farmers want msp legalised, but they still continue polluting cities and causing premature deaths. water table is declining, free power is being misused, fertiliser subsidy misused cuz of overdose of subsidy, causing health crisis like cancer and increasing burden on tax payer. If farmers dont want to pay tax, and cause pollution causing death and economic losses to whole country year after year, i dont think they deserve the sympathy of the nation. Farmers cant get all good things without sacrificing anything at all.
ALLEGEDLY: "I HAD TO NOTICE THE UNJUST AMBITIONS, OF THE VOLITIONISTS IMPLIED COUSIN, TODDLER AGE, CONSTANTINE GOUTO, TO STEAL MOM' S LIFE SAVINGS. WHAT HAPPENED? I NOTED: "THE TREASURE DOME", CATHEDRALS. THUS,THE DESPOTIC "TREASURE DOME", SAINT SOPHIA GREEK ORTHODOX CATHEDRAL, WASHINGTON D. C., UNITED STATES, SET IN MOTION THEIR AUSPICES, "TREASURE DOME" SOCIETY, THE DESPOTIC CATHEDRAL SOCIETY REGIME, TO VOLITION THE YUPPIE GENERSTION, INTO FEELING BONDED, NO PUN INTENDED, JAIL SYSTEMS, WITH "TREASURE DOME SOCIETY", TO BETRAY, TO REND, THOSE TRYING, IN EARNEST, TO UNION, I. E., THE DESPOTIC"TREASURE DOME SOCIETY", DECEIVES, AS IF "IT" WILL OFFER "ALL THESE THINGS, GROWTH FACTORS, SOCIETIES, WHEN, THE DESPOTIC TREASURE DOME SOCIETY REGIME OFFERS "HIDEOUTS", FOR THOSE IMPLIED PROFESSIONALS, WHICH: "RAPE: PILLAGE; GENOCIDE", TO PAY ESPECIALLY, TUITIONS, TO HAVE VOLITIONING "OFFICES", AS FAR ""A"' WAY", AS THE UNIVERSITIES, IN CALIFORNIA, TO THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT, WASHINGTON D. C., UNITED STATES. MY INHERITANCE POTENTIAL, FROM MOM DISAPPEARED, TO KNOW: LOGICALLY, TO AVOID DOUBLING, OF INHERITANCE TAXES, THE BENEFITS ARE BEST, TO GO DIRECTLY, TO THE PARENTS' RAISED CHILDREN. GOT IT: "LORD; SURFS" LIFESTYLES, TO WHICH, ESPECIALLY BIG TICKET ITEMS: "AUTOMOBILES; HOMES" COUNTENANCES ARE EFFECTED. MANY UNITED STATES AUTOMOBILE MAKERS MODELS ARE DEFUNCT. WHEN MY PAST VERSION, WAS IN SPACE MAKING SATELLITE PHOTOGRAPHS, HE DERIVED: "IT SHALL BE A LONG TIME", WHEN THE EASTERN ORTHODOX CHURCH WOULD REMIT, TO ITS CONGREGATIONS, "INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL INVESTMENT FUNDS". THUS, THE DESPOTIC IMPLIED FIRSTBORN CHRISTOPHERS REGIMES WERE RESOLVED, TO HAVE QUICK HANDS. THUS, THE SUPER DESPOTIC ASIAN MELOTTO AMERICAN INDIAN "HUCKABEE; STEPHANOS" RACE BRED, WITH THE EMINENT DESPOTIC QINGHAI, CHINA UNDERWORLD REGIME, IN ORDER, TO VOLITION STANFORD UNIVERSITY, CALIFORNIA, UNITED STATES ENTITIES,,,BOOM, WENT THE UNITED KINGDOM PORT. THE AGE, OF WORLDWIDE NON GOVERNMENTS, BUTS& BUTTS& YETS &NYETS WORLDWIDE ASIAN MELOTTO TYRANNICAL RULE IS ONGOING: LA FRANCE, THE LAST STANCE, THE FRENCH FORCES ARE BEST, TO GUARD MAINLAND FRANCE. WHAT BRAND CIGARETTE DID THE DESPOTIC ASIAN MELOTTO AMERICAN INDIAN "HUCKABEE; STEPHANOS" REGIME SMOKE, IN HER VAGINA, WITH THE VOLITIONING GREEK NATIONAL GUARD, AND, SAINT SOPHIA GREEK ORTHODOX CATHEDRAL PRIEST STEVE, NO PUN INTENDED, "ST. EVE", WASHINGTON D. C., UNITED STATES, TO SET IN MOTION: OVERLAYING; OVERRUNNING; OVERTAKING, OF "MY MATERNAL INHERITANCE'?????? ESPECIALLY, THE UNITED NATIONS MEMBERS' STATES REPRESENTATIVES ARE SOMETHING LESS, BECAUSE, OF THIS CIGARETTE SMOKING......FARMINGS ARE WHERE THE INITIAL REVOLUTIONS OFFERINGS START. GOT IT: FOODS PROTECTIONS ARE MANDITORY, TO MOVE FORWARD
Bloody bunch of goons.Should be handled with tough manner.Who gave them right to block the road making genral public @ dont have support from genral public  losers.Govt should act hard.
When farmers started to realize that the furore over the 3-Farm Laws is unwarranted, the Jihadi -Leftist Organisations started linking the protest to the Sikh pride. 
Monbrat is good for pinki didi! She does not speak anything good anyway !
Pakistan and Afghanistan have much difference with each other.
Coorperate ownership of land is a problem
Coming at Minimum Support Price (MSP), how many western countries you can name following this practice? Probably none!! Why?? Because MSP system is against farmers. How? It's an old say in economics "Demand raises the price" only licence holder traders or Govt can buy farmers produce in APMC Mandi, no outsider is allowed to directly purchase from farmers, thus leaving farmers at the mercy of bunch of crook traders and Govt, remember Govt would only buy that much which is sufficient for the population, it won't buy and it shouldn't buy everything.
i think there is a typo in the title of this video. How 8 People Were Killed in Lakhimpur?? it should have been 4
brilliantly explained.
The farmers won.
Sorry to say but you have no knowledge about farmer bills. Have you ever visited a mandi . Have you ever been at an auction at a mandi.Its not about congress its about us farmers.
Whatever the damages occurred should be recovered from the union leaders.
Shoot thes useless people
If a PM/Government
First of all, please tell me what were those 3 laws that was Introduced by Govt. of India (NDA), None of you know. If so, then you don't know what to do with it untill you saw them protesting. I have no proof that they were not farmers but do you have a proof that they were farmers. If so then who was growing those fruits, vegetables, food grains and more if all (in majority) of them were at protest. You guys know nothing neither those people who were protesting and Rakesh Tikkait seems to be a politician more than a farmer. This is being done all because of money and money which is paid to them by parties and international groups and these media's have no work instead of spreading poison. They have ruined the lives of people more than making it good. Both the oppostion and the government and involved in this mutually and it's alp there way to rule the country and making the people fool. As i can see, you all are getting too. It's neither a win  of  farmers( so called) nor a defeat of the rulling party (NDA). It's all politics.
Military should intervene when political parties cause chaos. The supreme court must ensure this. We have seen time and again how political parties play with people and cause a war like situation and people kill eachother. It's really shameful. Politicians bahut kameenae hai, when their family die they will know.
Shame on u delhi police.. u r worst police in India.
Mai bhakt ho gya kya guys .. par yeh article to the wire par bhi hai 
Indian government become anarchy. Indians are subjugated by BJP .Even elections were carried out in manupulative manner .
CRUX IS BETTER THAN BRUT
Totally agreed what an explanation 
Why all the Indian media against public. They just looking to excuse to sad bad to farmer
Abhishek sudhir bro is chilll. 
He called a child, set him in front of them, and said, I tell you this: unless you turn round and become like children, you will never enter the kingdom of Heaven. 
Anjum ji, Punjab  coverage karne v ande rehna,  person with great deeds
With full majority cannot pass Labour laws, CAA, NRC, now Farm laws. Mazaak government hain. Slaves to elections it seems.
Election strategy???
Not all farmers only 5 percent people 
THANKU GURU JI  APNE MUJHE MERA PYAR LOUTA DIYA APKA BHT BHT DHANYAWAD
                  our support to Modi govt.
What we are now seeing is a demerit of democracy... 
If that was case sir they had chances to prove in front of court that evm can be tampered what happened them. Sir I dont say police action is correct . But here I look at it on health issue how many of farmers kept one foot gap distance. How corona is spreading fast and rapid. If these people are affected how will be fields, family and labour will be fit and work, they will also be quarantined. When the government is calling for talks then say directly to government, this is an old style of protest. . I agree that farmers situation is not good. But all farmers in Punjab are really suffering. What about farmers in states in south sespecially or north east. Why people did not complain when farmers in Punjab were burning their field, the air near them and as far as Delhi were affected. They too had health hazards. Now if Delhi cases of COVID increase. Will Punjab cm pay compensation. Will Punjab farmers promise to keep COVID in mind already a sexond phase of covid is coming . No politics please let this be between government and farmer union. Does this union need money from central government to stop. Also what is basic issue no one is speaking on the issue . This is played by both side at cost of poor farmer
If farmer cant afford farming they should do other work. I dont give a damn about these who loot india. They get everything free why??
Stupid anchor. Comparing wheat crop with policy
These whole will spoil every one life. Please for a god seek do it later once this pandemic is over . Current situation is be a part of solution.
Plz correct the map of our country....
Abbe sale wrong information dete ho logo ko saloo ,
Is it last reform or bill passed in history of india ??
This is a act which is done by RSS everyday
Can you trust this fat boy?
Brother you have been particular of saying Punjab farmers, cant you say farmers. Do you have a proof that they are from Punjab only
BJP has destroyed india.all the congress hard work is gone.
Those who funded the agitation have been helplessly pressed to a grinding halt . Tikait like men go jobless. Opposition leaders are murmuring as to what to politicise for future. Lakhs of  commuters as well as residents of blockade site who suffered a lot are thanking the government. Farmers gain or not, but BJP.  After election to some state assemblies is over, fresh laws may be enacted with the support of Punjab and Haryana farmers also.
Very balanced program. Thanks for airing views of different experts and eminent people in toto without prejudice.
They just want to shut the voice of oppresser's!!
Super anna Baga cheppav  thank you
Sir please make similar video regarding "bill to increase marriageable age of women to 21 years" 
The Government is so helpless before the farmers agitation. 
ALIENS kept barricades on APPROVED ROUTE
Now time to arrest Rakesh Tikait dalal..Big traitor of our nation..
Jai shree Ram 
Today marks the victory of Anarchy over Democracy, Luddism over Logic, Control over Choice. Street veto has defeated reforms. India has truly lost.
so that they will come out fooling public that 
I am Canadian born and my family is from Punjab thank you for sharing this information!
The words were said by NITI Aaoyog CEO Amitab Kanth
BJP needs to be treated exactly the way terrorists are treated worldwide!!
Extremely happy
Plz video of demerits also
The dead, the government or the plot hatchers, ... 
I was waiting for your video on this sir..thank you
what do you mean by young farmers got distracted ?.
Btw the translations arent correct. She said "I hate covid because we lost our man in the family" not family member. Just to let the feminists know that their mistranslations on YouTube are noticed. Subliminal linguistic warfare.
Very nice reporting 
The Opposition party does not care for farmers.
If they capture also how they will fly... They dnt know how to fly
What is role of farmers on road .
Whole world have to acknowledge Afghanistan as graveyard of superpowers ist they kicked off ussr after then usa .
But still he will win the election and now also people won't judge as he is has taken the farm laws back
If modi had discussed this laws with farmer before forcing it on us. It could never happened
Please don't go....Please....There are Tartaris sitting in Delhi...They are Changez Khan's breed.... Totally insensitive to your just demands ...They will kill you....please don't go....
Tikait is downdrafing India,s image
Perfect 
Where is BJP IT sell ?? I mean in comment section
Also keep an eye on the media houses who encourage all these.. put a case on them..
The Indian Army has admitted they would lose an all out war with China without significant outside help.  From that perspective, The Indian workforce dedicated to farming should at least halve, assuming production could be maintained.  India can, though, win in the nearby Himalayas, where their land was stolen by the Chinese.  I'm saying India's number of farmers in the modern age is dangerous to their country.
How remarkably Allama Iqbal prophesied!!!
Great 
Farmer is farmer irrespective from which state they come and serve with one motive to feed the country
These fake leaders are enjoying money donated by innocent farmers. Tiket is foolish who say Alha hu akbar.
Unlike other protests I've seen where people are having fun and enjoying, these people look so terribly sad that it makes me feel sad. 25:40
Sir, total kitne chapter hai is new wale bill mai
All of this MUST start across India  BJP LED MODI GOVERNMENT'S IS THE MOST UNDEMOCRATIC GOVERNMENT'S IN THE LAST 73 YEARS.
Society management clarified, the lift is available to all but the gentlemen who wanted to use the donkeys could still do it. But no, the agitation continued and so finally the new management had to succumb to the pressure.
Answer Is Option C
I always stand with farmers...Hatss off to all supporters...and remaining Bhagwaan unko sadbudhi de....
Time for chai wala to leave don't fall for his bs
Shame shame modi shame bjp shame shame rss shame shame congress shame shame Haryana government shame shame on you guys. All the world is watching this.
Farmers are innocent hard workers.... Hope government tries to educate them about the empowerment and benefits of the bill passed. Its only because of state government politics and misguidance which has lead to chaos. Not at all farmer's fault. Nor the central government's fault. If farmers are worried then government has to convince them and make sure corporate companies treat farmers equally as a business partner and do not exploit them. Once mandi system is removed only then farmers will be able to think out of the box. Hope we see farmers evolve and be the richest and happiest citizens.
Tears in my eyes seeing them hit elderly father  shame on u police
What about Superspreader Political Election Rallies  Hypocrite
What happend in lakhmipur ?? What's the issue ??
India is very dirty country
Kisano jago till law not cancelled in parlment don't trust.
They are Khalisthan supporters with their flags..They are not true farmers
1990, Indias occupation army has martyred over 100,000 Kashmiris, widowed 22,000 women, orphaned 108,000 children and raped more than 11,000 women. I urged the international community to prosecute Indian civil and military personnel for the worst form of state terrorism and serious crimes against humanity in Indian-administered Jammu and Kashmir.
It is not joke, world watching it and analyzing it you are not making fool yourself ,you are putting down India.
Becoz some paid media like yours spreading fake narratives 
Sir please make video on revivalists and reformists as this topic is very confusing.
Why don't they just let the states choose if they want to implement these laws or not. If they work, maybe Punjab farmers will also join.
We support Human farmers 
Modis friend the Satan has his own problems. Cant help his friend the devil of India so this wishful washy leader of devils does what he can to survive but I hear there is a special place for all devils its a lake of fire that never stops burning.
Where are the men with these women? Men should be protesting with them oh yah they didn't fight for wen or kids either. They layed ttheir weapons down. Afghanistan army had way more equipment than Talban did and they lost?
There are too many people here who have forgotten that our enemies are Pakistan, China and Khalistanis. Whether the farm laws are good or not, is secondary what matters more is that we are well equipped to deal with the external threats we are faced with. Calling Sikh farmers carrying the Indian flags Khalistanis and driving cars on them is not just reprehensible but dangerous to the country. Think about how you are demoralizing The Sikh soldiers who have guarded our borders for centuries, your lack of respect and gratitude is bizarre and shameful. Please change your ways and stop fighting with fellow Indians. This is just not the time
Politicians Jahannam ghat...
Kissan nhi congress
*400 staffers of Puri's Jagannath temple have tested +Ve for Covid-19; 9 succumbed to virus; 16 treated*
What a voice 
'Khalistani protest ends' should be the tagline.
Before I'm with farmer
Kai Dino se soe hue the year chicha ....
Oho
No wonder.. surprise how you served the country....
I support farmers, but also known congress can't improve anything. So no vote for Congress
Love you everyone From Punjab Up Hariyana Rajisthan & Southindian
5. You start video by saying no political perspective but you target congress.
Public will be only sufferer
This what happens when u vote for bjp !
Anjana, you are good, being Modu's Mistress. Modu's Lap is good place place for you.
This is not defencive but offensive approach by PM Modi. Wait n watch
Farmers are being instigated by arrogant and frustrated congi.
Khattar mar geya? Ene lok ikathey hoye? Rip KHATTAR . How he died?
Fucking reliance thank god Amazon company who has 60 percent of contribution to repeal fucking bills
The Sikhs were killed after Indra gandhi everybody forgets that.
Actually current government has passed three laws on farming in India...
Arvind kejriwal sir is best C. M. In India.
I am shocked, the entire Sikh community is justifying this gruesome act..
Mam why times now not go to shyam sunder nisad house.
Rahul Kanwar has degenerated into a complete cretin obfuscating the evidence.
Thanks for the vedio sir jii.. really appreciate your work..most a awaited vedio
Kisan bhaiyo shadat bhulana mat bjp politics me rahi toh aur kuch chutiyapa karengi he . So be carefull
What I have to say is that the agricultural sector in India clearly needs reforms. Agriculture sector badly needs high-end technologies, digital tools, entrepreneurs and farmer organisations to provide services to farmers. But the framework to reform it should also provide adequate safeguards to the farming community and clear out their doubts and fears. They should not be left to linger in concerns about the enactments. Necessary changes can also be made upon consultation and hearing their views because they are are the ones, without any bad influence of dirty politicians.
These are the kinds of laws that have ruined the, family run, dairy industry in Australia.
A is right i think...
Run it over anti farmer fellows.
Police misbehaving because of bjp instructions spooling the very concept of protecting the common people who are paying their salaries instead of bjp prime minister 
# *FarmerProtest*
IT cell working overtime now to propogate how Modi is right about this announcement
Protest for the sake of protest: opposition theme 
When it comes to the farmers, there is no support, except the paltry alm of Rs. 6000 or 8000 per year. 
Unfortunately the farmers r the ultimate losers and iam unhappy that Modiji has succumbed to the pressure more of the media. But the protest was limited to Punjab, haryana where the government is for,by,of the rich farmers and middleman. How much the lutyen's media may rejoice at the predicament of MODIJI he still has no opposition to the post of the PM.
Who is speaker to pass the law... Member of parliament represents by people and coming by winning election.. But speaker not allow opposition parties to debate
Police are not made to shout slogans....do latti charge....
Either choose the roads or courts !
Is India under dictatorship rule.. Demonetization..
Good analysis. 
Not  real Kisan 
Precious human lives sercrificed.
This is bad very.
Thank you for indicating the issues so clearly and succinctly.
*From Adhikr-the Best Interpretation of Lord's Book*
Its because of irresponsible journalism by Rajdeep. He said he saw the dead body of a guy who was shot dead. What kind of journalist he is if he couldnt find if he was shot dead or died out of a stunt show off?
Congratulations to all..
KISSAN VIBRANCY is big lesson to us , nothing is illogical or illegal in our country, only need of courage and patience,nothing is impossible .KEJRI wal & TIKAYAT are best example.
01:00      t-shirt      , blind media
Horrible and brutal face of the GOVT.
Class 1 Thulla
#JusticeForRailwayStudents 
Amazing state or Amazing people ruling it???
Foreign powers comes into picture Each time government impose any benifitial law ....
Reforms are good economics. But turned out to be bad politics.
The old regime of laws runs in parallel with new ones. It's like having the best of both worlds.
listen to this one - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jJh-ahCQx0 to know the history about MSP and what Congress did under Manmohan Singh and Swaminathan committee recommendations.
good as before shamelessly defends all this by bjp
One of the greatest lecture  thank you so much mam  
Never thaliban attacks india ...because we have indian army ..
Which thing is more important life of a farmer or temple of a fictional character?
This godi media is nothing short of murderers
The most accurate and detailed analysis I've watched so far on this issue! You're amazing.
we support frmer 
The people who are commenting in support i just eanna ask why now? If he is an invincible leader why with the fear of election he bowed down. Parliament mein charcha karke kanoon laye makkari ki hadd
This is not just mistake of government. Mistake of farmers is that they don't learn new methods and market and just want everything from government and don't want to user their own brain to learn new things in farming, most of them are uneducated and never learn anything. On the other side government mistake is that they didn't asked for opinions of farmers and pass this bill on their own. No Government can help farmers other than education whether it is modi govt. or any other upcoming govt. this is same. DON"T BLAME GOVT OF EVERYTHING. I see attitude of Punjab is so much relying on govt.
Up me election h... Isiliye to petrol bhi kam hua
Someone tell me what's wrong with farmbills
Perfect explanation.. Thank you sir
You can present this news later. First you please get your throat clear
Mene Ek poster dekha tha farmers ke tent me it was written fu*k off modi.
Congratulations to Farmers, country is with them
Thanks sir for this brilliant explaination.
Which country give approval to protest
Dear farmar pleace do not beat police...
Good action by police
now state and ceneral charging gst taxes when each individual usage of vegetable or fruit purchase will be the future tax for 
Election Time main Covid 19. Chhutti per hai Kya ????????????
Sir ap apni opinion hampe thop rhe hi, 
He must invite them to form govt in Pakistan too 
*Please support my channel for spreading my views.*
DHOKHEBAAJ PAPPU WA KUTTA KAMAL NATH  KO  TIHAD JAIL  TURANT  BHEJ DENA CHAHIYE  YE  MULLU KI PARTY  H VOTE PAANE KE BAAD  AYAASH  KARTE H WA DESH KA   DHAN  LOOTANE  KA NAYA NAYA TARIKA  DHUDTE RAHTE H  . AB YE KUTTA PAPPU  EK CHAPRASI KE AUKAAT BHI NAHI RAKHATA H  CHALA  MUNGERI LAL  HASIN SAPNE  PAALKAR KI P M BANUNGA MADHARCHOD  SAALA PAPPU MULLA.
Stand up comedian's contribution
Kyo marne. Aaye the. Panjab se  up me
Dr.Manish kumar,  Smt. Anju pankaj is not appearing on TV for sometime now, hope she is well .
I love RUBBISH KUMAR  his original name
 KIYA BACHA action LO?
 FARMERS WERE NOT WELCOME BY GOVT   THEY WON THE WAR  sucking media shame on u
Govt finally bowed down from their arrogant attitude by many loose cannons vilifying the farmers. Victory of, for and by the farmers...shame on the administration
Most sensitive leader in world  . ( * for election )
It's totally Acceptable if farmers do protest for something if they don't like about government...
So, that a criminal leader do not create people from the youth his fans on the basis of fake persona & slowly manipulates them to be extremely violent on the masses. Thus, it is better to say them what they are rather than calling them as 'Saabs' & giving the respected criminals acceptance.
Of 1.3 billion people these idiots are in opposition there are smarter people who can propel india forward. I am sick of Ghandis and Mamta they are theives.
I am first viewer  nyyyc video sir ji
I am a farmer and i have no time now a days as i have paddy growing in my fields. Moreover no practicing farmer can ever be politically active.
I am Apostolic Pentecost in USA. In India Lighing strike killed 7. Value of human live is there not here in USA. It's tread down in blasphemy  to random NYC. (((Get what you want (((world))).Holy Ghost, baptized in the name of Jesus. I am one. I don't know about the temple stampede. It show up when searching for live videos. I am religious.
Imran Khan has praised the Taliban for breaking the chains of slavery (gulami). If that is the case the Afghan population should be ecstatic and flinging flowers at the incoming Taliban soldiers as the French population welcomed the Free French and Allied soldiers after the liberation of France in WWII. Will Imran Khan explain as to why thousands of Afghans are trying to flee the country? Thousands of Afghans are thronging the Kabul airport, border gates of the neighboring countries, resistance in the Panjashir Valley, and the cities rising up about the national flag. So, where is great welcome for the conquering heroes that Imran Khan seems to be so taken with? S M Qureshi is visiting different countries to obtain international recognition for these blood thirsty cut throats. Pakistan will have lot to answer.
There is no proof that he did blasphemy but still people are supporting these so called farmers
Why you did not speak on South African Riots where Indians were targeted and killed. Hypocrite
I support the changes but the government just backed down for BJP's profits ! and Shri Tikait Ji, doing his best to keep the protests alive, why ? To implement Gauranteed MSP, that he himself must know is just not at all feasible !
The NYT published a detailed investigation into the 29th August Drone Strike that killed an innocent family of 10 including 7 children. US Military lied about it being an "imminent suicide attack". https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtecNyXxb9A
Its "deh Shiv...." and pm is pronouncing "devi shiva" and described wrong meanings. Either he should not include guru gobind singh's lyrics in his political speeches or else first learn to prounce and its meanings.
Congratulations all of ye sabse badi jit hai...
India is burning people are dying
Shame on BJP Government
Thank you for this enlightening session! How do we get the masses to see this?? Opposing something is a trend and application of faculties is zero!
World's biggest protest.
Indian media bad then prostitution duty
What a fantastic scrip.  Woow   What a acting.  Ufff   fu*k up police and Modi govt
Most of these people don't even know what the bill even is!!
Why they agitating against modiji, he is representative of india. These people gave vote before and now showing double standards. Please dont do against modiji(india). His beard is more white please understand.
If this was a peaceful protest, the country wouldn't have been vandalized, police officers wouldn't have been murdered by the farmers tractors on the nation's capital, lady police officers wouldn't have been beaten and raped by these peaceful farmers!
He can't see in the camera 
It was pre fix plan.
Aur jo ugrr police wale the kisano ne shantipurvak sirf tractor se sambhala unhe
Bring back farm laws.
Now it's time to send in the army to get rid of the khalistan supporters from Tikait gang.
They are trying there best
We trust wion
Dynasts trying to come back to power on dead bodies of Indians! Shows what exactly is their motive! They are the one who have instigated these middlemen and now Khalistani supported people who are wearing bhindranwale shirts! They are not farmers it is very clear now who are pelting stones and hitting with sticks !
Govt's goon were going to women sector and he was saying not to do that . There was no local person there we saw live videos at all punjabi media channels
  ,             , , railway line                                                     
i couldn't understand the 3rd law .... how can removing cereals ,pulses ..etc bring investment to farm infrastructures .!?
Bad luck of our country
Procurement of foodgrains should be made through Village Coop (Gram Sewa Sahkari Samiti) instead of Ardthiyas as these Samiti can develop their godowns, Fair Prices shop, Custom hiring centre, Milk Collection centre, Medical store, petrol pump, retail consumer shop, training centre for farmers and so many other things. 
If they stock up then supply will drop and prices will rise for remaining stock. Maybe the stock can later be used to crash prices, but the slick infographic makes none of that obvious. It sounds like vox is manipulating the viewer to think what they want us to  think 
Is India giving this to Taliban 
lekin sir, ye non Violent to nhi tha, for example what happened on red ford.
This guy was involved in muzaffarnagar riot right?
Farmer bill is the best bill and anti nationals are protesting against it by fooling farmers...hindustanis are with Modiji...
1) State government 
Baki news channel wale nahin dikhai de rahe hain ground zero per
After elections God knows what will happen  these people  may bring back the same law in another name can't trust this government
Total fighting strength 
ABP news fake news channel
Very izzy presentation knowledge formers laws
and victory 
One debacle after another demonetization,bad implementation of GST ,badky planned lockdown ,throwing economy into doldrums.    Noclue ad to how to cone out like "Parma vyooh" a Nd therefore choose a reform through ordinance route to tell 5he world "oh.india is marching" ... We with China sitting on border ..This duo will bring in more debacles to the country
Paying Tribute to all the Farmers and people who have  lost their life during Farmer's Peaceful protest.
Pvt players are most welcome, we are optimistic about the bill, but protection of Farmers and his land is also important,  and they should also get Insurance on Post Harvest Loss, at same time govt should bring these Middlemen and Brokers under constitutional Supervision, they should be held legally responsible for all frauds and mismanagement, Landless farmers should get atleast that 2 hectares of farmland which they can own by themselves and farm labourering should be totally wiped of from our Country
BJP will not loose anything but this is defeat of those farmers who were not getting MSP benefits and also APMC market for their crops. Poor farmers will be poor no one will ever dare to do any improvement in farmers by laws
Mughe drugs do
Yogi is not going to win at any cost. Without MSP Act, BJP won't come back to power in UP.
I am amazed at such sinister incessant propaganda by HT against IK.  It means IK is on the right track. Now I understand why Mughals kept your ancestors slave for centuries. One can't expect sanity from a society who chose Modi as their PM !
what these farmers are doing in Uttar Pradesh? Case, Delhi Supreme court me Pending h, aur tum log UP me babal machane aagaye? Q bhai, UP me Election aagaya, to aagaye?
WE WIN "HUM JEET GAYE"  FROM INDIA
these superiors are real criminals,,,,,
All evil shall be suppressed.
MSP is retained from previous Bill acts and it is  not removed.
The credibility and responsibilities of the  current Indian government and the media associated with it has been damaged to such an extent , such low that the people from lands far away are required to take notice of facts . If that is not enough already , they still have the shameless audacity to brush it off through all such media propoganda .
So how will APMC act 2020 will be automatically applicable to all the states?
Now every farmer in Punjab will become millionaire. Including farm labor. Wow big win for bigotry communal riotiest.
All thouse who protest are matric fail unpar jahil
It clearly shows that the jeep was attacked first and the driver lost the control. Priyanka Gandhi reading the script.
Sir please have lectures on options of above questions  which will help to explore problems occured and we will be aware of such problems. @varshney
not as democracy , same as autocracy
Another natak
Thank you sir. You open my eye what is the journalism.
Guys we cannot let government ruin the peaceful protest . Please support. They did same with all the protesters.
No matter what truth always win 
JSI SHRI.  RAM.  HINDU. JAGOO. NAHI TO.  1 1. HINDU.  AAISEHI. KATOGE.
Tikait is harping only one word MSP MAP now where was he before 2014,Govt doesn't have magic band for all the ills of previous Govts
PRIVATISATION WILL HELP EQUITABLE DISTRIBUTION OF PRODUCE AROUND THE COUNTRY AND EXPORT.
Nobody never ever support these broker middleman mandi walas protest funded by congress. Encounter them all atleast real farmers will trade peacefully
Budget me exercise ko ignore kerke  manthan me khami hai direct financial loss hai
Bhai solutions    vedio  l     ? Finally this problem is ours and for our future generations. How can we resolve it??
    , thnq mam
Hame nahi samjna hai, Tim use some pas chatta reh
First of all they some Punjab Sikh (outside India) are using other to show Khalsa, second they have negativity over Hindu(they say Raj kare ga Khalsa and dont want to speak Hindi in family in Punjab n outside India) third, thats why they dont like current government. Thats the whole story to protest. We see them brother but some of them want Khalsa, You will get to know one day, brother. 
Is news chanel ko unsubscribe and report kro
PM should have intervened earlier.
Next yeras 5 north States election s cameing right politics mind persons.
Sidhu is the great person he left certain parties for the reason
Surprising how just in 4 weeks so many of DK Singhs predictions have come wrong. Politics is highly uncertain!
*Shame- shame- shame on Delhi police.*
down the " Image of Modi World Over."
When farmers get profitable sale price on their produce, farm labourers and those working in unorganised sector get adequate wages then nation also prospers.
It's really funny to see how desperately they are giving fake efforts, plotting fake story around.
Hi sir please reply
What will guru tech bahadur say on your actions? He must be disappointed he sacrificed his family for you
but thanx sir
Modi will now execute plan b. That is to crush the farmers with debt and bankruptcy!
So every person in the country is politically influenced. We all know that tikait fought from RLD and lost. How can he have a future if he lost that's why he doesn't have any political status now. And that's the reason, he has ignited this propaganda. Indeed, the sugarcane belt is already into contractual farming. 
Sab.chor hai
See now  assam
It's farmer win elections mai pura hataenge bjb ko.
These 6% farmers who got benefits of MSP are these opposing state......I.e punjab and harayana
Phir se 12 Dec mega congress rally join us
Tere dhagde ki bheed ni dikhti election relly m
Shame on modi
Good info
Delhi did not open borders. They were cleared by farmer. What rubbish,
China Xi banned cryptocurrency
Every Punjab farmer is indeed a  scientist.  
Holy heck can you imagine the B O stench over there
Aaj sir emotional kr diya and happy to see your vote on farmers side
HUMKO NAHIN KHILAAOGE TO TUM SAB JEET NA PAOGE 
This bill is not good for  farmer .it is only beneficial for middle man ,big farmers not for small farmers. Those who are in the favour of this law my request to them  to please watch, search the information of the bill then you will understand it is benefit for farmer or not. We support farmers 
Kya withdrawal of laws??
 I mean people are protesting for so long and govt isn't even budging
RAJEWAL UNCLE SAID - ITS NOT OVER YET. THEY WILL GATHER AGAIN IN JANUARY FOR FINAL MEETING IF GOVERNMENT FINALISES THE PAPER WORK. STOP SPREADING FALSE NEWS
 just bc they are in power. Cheers to Republic day.
We are farmers. Our brothers r on boarder. If we can sacrifice them for nation then imagine what we can do for our rights. My 3 cousins r in Army n soon I will join to n it really breaks my heart when people call us anti national or Congress supporters. Its heartbreaking..
Good explained and give a clear and informative details of farm laws that give a easy way to understand these farm acts thank you
His views were totally govt centric.    he supplied.  that the hey are big farmers...small farmers.  if we have that much wheat in surplus.   distribute that to poor people accross india... 
Suffering in mind body soul n spirit, come to god n he will give u rest if u believe he died 4 u n rose again on 3rd day. C bible in google.,.
 Great Ravish Sabah 
Tie A Goswami to one of the tractors and so his parade
BJP-Captian will split votes of SAD and Congress.
You are eligible for rajya sabha now..bhakts
The Centre has set a bad precedent by giving in to the pressure of farmers; Hereafter the other sections of the society will follow in the footsteps of the farmers to get their demands fulfilled.
Now I finally understand all that is going on.
Huji loose jobs in gulf countries and business like this govt policy 
1. The reptilian brain, composed of the BASAL (PRIMAL) ganglia (striatum) and brainstem, is involved with primitive drives related to THIRST, hunger, "SEXUALITY", and territoriality, as well as "HABITS" and procedural memory (like putting your keys in the same place every day without thinking about it or riding a bike), "MEMORY WITHOUT VIEW".
5) Making Farmers aware about all the government schemes through mobile, Radio, TV, fertilizer and seed shops and panchayat.
You discussed half an hour about political implications of  farm laws and not on its benefits and negative impacts.....
Illetrate police hitting old man with lathi
All theoretical and rubbish arguments
Iss channel ko hi boycott kro sathi ho
I've learnt it by myself that never trust government promises...
See the uncut interview chutiyon
The new resolution for farmers better status
Planed attack against farmer's  hang the criminal misra  modi countdown started on 3 October result will be on 2024.
New Farm law given more freedom to Farmers.  They can sell  
Where your masks !!! ???
Ok I have one solution.
Shaming, without understanding their Perception level on security or anything, is immaturity, and would serve the moles more, to wean away BJP voters. Destroy enemies only, not your own army so please get your voice across-the-board to all those who matter, elicit their feedback as to what is the bigger deal beyond our compass of perception.  
Bahot bakarchodi ho Gaya Sabko saza do jo involved hai or ye jo nakli farmer bane hue hai road block Kar rahe hai inko bhe hatao action lo
So farming industry in India will remain backward ?
sir ab wo 2-3 minute ka programme chalaya h na wo best h usme to the point or km time me  hi sb kuch aa jata h sir isko to 15 minute tk jhelte raho bhaut boring h really...
CAA waps hoo
This fellow is well oiled by funds elsewhere that he can protests wherever directed by the sponsors. Not farmers but trouble makers but only restricted to one state and a portion of the middlemen.
Pakistan and china funding these protests using punjab ruling congress party
Tell me and
BJP, RSS  are not consider family sentiment until India become hindu rashtra
Mi-35 is still fantastic like fantastic tea...
Its more of only farmers from punjab and haryana protesting in fear of losing MSP. They need to think about diversification, efficient water usage and be little innovation rather than playing sympathy card.
  goverment     goverment hai exam hote nhi hote h to leak sab fir court case court se decision saalo tak nhi ate ghtiya syatem h india ka shame on you indian justice haryana me janha 10 saal baad govt job par lge pti ko bi hta diya bjp government ne suprime court me jhuth bol kar  boycott government
This model is same as Mamata implemented in Bengal and is now used by the Congress party and the opposition to instigate violence and take the country in a mode of violence. Such bloody agenda by such low people always they use the blood of our sikh brothers and spread their false agenda of taking the country backm
All dogs in khakhi  no no sorry it's a insult of dogsss.... they are much much much better than these breed of 
Very rong police
Another very good video and  unbiased; i am very grateful that you put such genuine effort in all your videos and a lot of us are becoming more aware but unfortunately even then things are not improving. I agree that maybe from another perspective things would have improved but then when I look at some basic things I don't see anything has changed.
oh the election is coming mmmmm
Thankyou so much! You explained it so nicely 
Well ndtv net blocked but u r struggle to inform to us that is great job
Give this man a medal and one way ticket to hell.
Jai hind  be safe be in unity
Governments and medical system make you slave and slave until your mind is self realization you never know you are slave!
This protesters contract will end after UP Election.
Thanks for taking me to this awesome place
Much better and sensible explanation by News laundry 
The only way to get rid of them is through civil disobedience and outright fighting by the people of Afghanistan. Listen, if you are going to die of covid, then might as well die for some good cause. Taliban and the likes, who suppress women, are the worst kinds of cancer in the world.
How to compensate Adani - he has constructed massive food godowns
Good stand paji... We need a greater movement with big personality like u for farmers.
Goons and opposition are happy,but in fact India is loosing.
Great news channel.. 
You did not mentioned the fact that....if private buyer violet the agreement terms ...then he can only go to sdm...with his complain ...he will have no right to go to court ...he will have no right to go through legal way ...
Shame on govt.
Messiah of farmers
Sarkar ne inko bhi compensation Dena chahiye
Look who is talking about Farmers' welfare. And, BTW, Real farmers are working in the fields.
I think you highlighted only the negative sides of the bill.
Android apps,whatsapp,telegram and etc..Today we are with enough of these technologies to control each individual in the name of  saving people's life...What they have done is simply against human rights...They created corona propaganda for this..Either corona exist or not, this is just a mass political fraudulence for their more execution power...
        Are you government or Janitors ???
Hats off to 700 farmers who lost their lives fighting 3 discriminatory fram laws made by BJP govt
Finally end of drama  
Time will tell.
See, if you shout loudly and you are Journalist.. People will assume you as Arnab 
Buck wheat, mustard seed and etc crops prices are very less.
So no one thought to take the helicopter? Brah that would be the easiest thing to take smh
Not sure if you know the real reason why these laws repealed..... 
Only BJP
Rakesh Tikait after watching this video: Chilla chillake scheme batade sabko
Farmer-Mandi-Corporate
Good thing
Report this video as misleading
Option A is the right answer
No money for Healthcare
The terror of the  Zionists genocide on Palestine and the black and the Arab Zionists being discriminated . 
One can recall the tantrums of some State Parties in the Vaccination issue. They cried hoarse on procuring their own vaccines. Then too the Modi Govt *tactically stepped back!* 
most important human life then your growth.
Three steps forward , one step backward. A perfect war principle. Poor people r mostly ignorant. They r misled. Dont worry Modiji, , your goodwill will be fruitful someday.
What about SDM comment ?
Very nice show .
2. If every farmer would just grow MSP crops then any suggestions on problems that may create agricultural imbalance in the country and problems of the other non MSP crop farmers.
Great teacher your are sir !
Seriously, are you hiring writers from star plus daily soaps ???
Now metaverse is being criticised, but we all know this is the future of internet.
And people say speaker is a neutral person.
How does this guy sleep at night or teach his kids Wright from wrong.Sio sad what people like him in gutter journalism do for money where 700 people died fighting to save their livelihood.. I bet he also preys to God but Im sure thats one person who will never listen to him.
This is all for wining election, 
Good move because khalistani and anti Indian elements were trying to make inroad in the shield of farm laws.
as an afghan i want to say that indians must not worry , now i rarely see taliban in streets , they are not religius just some stoneage peoples, that can only be in afghansitan, we afghans take a lesson now and we see their real face , i pray that we find a government we will never want taliban again!
Bharth will only progress only on complete elimination of con cress.
Mc come to uttrakhand and see how peoples living mc taket
Congress is worst party in history...
Muje 50 din dedo 50 din, remember he is the same actor
Where  is the Agricultural  Minister?
Ok 2 brother modi ok
This is right time to come back congress in AP
Don't care about rightist bicthes.
1. Farmers are allowed to sell outside of the APMC, but who are these potential buyers? From here comes the importantfact about the FPOs: on the ground, you can see many of these FPOs are formed by a small group of farmers as per the regulations, which are not the same as you highlighted during the 2nd bill discussion as the farmers were creating artifical inflation. As a result, farmers can now participate as another stakeholder in the supply-demand chain. 
Am asking too much ? 
Just declaration does not justify unless a Law is made . But, also, laws can again be changed as before & the repealed can again be repealed. So, we need to choose wisely .
Why don't think like if all the farmers work as single unit and pledge not to sell to this companies then what will the company is going to do. Instead of protesting as unit on the laws which are beneficial to the farms. They have to utilise them in proper way. You are just saying about the one side of the coin. Who said to go only to the private companies when you don't trust. There are APMC mandi which are available they can sell it there too after these laws. And everybody is appreciating what he is telling like goats. This is why India is still a developing country with this kind mindset and influencing people with this kind of mind set is not good.
Dadeba good spich brother
They planned everything.... No Humanity 
Next MLA
It is the victory of middlemen and loss for small farmers.
Wealth of Vadra is very not appropriate. Being Son in Law, Congress gave him free pass. He acquired land in various states. He is not even a  businessman of stature but he acquired land. Now she is trying to lead the nation, family of corrupt, Gandhis. Try going to Kashmir & ask for Justice for Kashmiri Pandits? They have no guts for it. Suckers, Congress.
You Dalal media, you are responsible, people become help less,, you media room become Public toilet,,,,
Bjp did this
*If govt repeals the farm laws; WHAT ARE FARM PROTEST LEADER PLANS? Since they are anti-corporates. ARE they going to make new warehouses?new market accessibility? connectivity? New exports markets? Reduce/refuse receiving subsidies?..*
So so sad heart breaking to watch .rip all who died
WE ARE SUPPORT FARMERS
We stand with our hounrable Prime Minister.
Ab firse  modi Bhool jagnge  Kya huya tha while they was protesting
Worthful To Watch! 
wtf does he mean by punjab farmers? they are farmers from every part of the country, godi media stop stereotyping.
But with uber you can go anywhere .
Military equipment requires CONSTANT maintenance. The Taliban don't know how to fix them, they'll be grounded before they can train their first pilot
Venom Chopra is the Worst
Sikh nhi Khalistani thee wo
Excellent video. Two points: 1. Contract farming could still be exploitive as the farmer bears the risk of reduced production and yet selling at lower than market price. During surplus production, 'quality' clause is loophole that could be exploited by the buyers to avoid buying all the produce the farmer makes. 2. The lack of legal validity of MSP was supposed to be counterbalanced by a govt buyer, the Food Corporation of India which is assured to be outside Cartals because it is not a private entity. The concept of Govt owned corporation to break monopolies or cartels is used in some countries eg France and is anathema in others eg USA. India belonged to former group with companies like BSNL, FCI, AI etc existing to prevent monopoly and cartelization. The current govt seems  ideologically inclined towards dismantling this model.
I dont get this speech of Imran khan is he saying that they broke slavery chain but still slave of mentality and that is why not going to grow ?
Sir B. Sc Ag ke liye class milega
Sadguru or degraded commission agent for the secret society of Bill gates, such a greedy and fraud person he is, might not get even hell for  his deeds
Now this person has changed his opinion...He is the same person who supported the farm laws.
such price reference may be linked to the prevailing prices in specified APMC yard or
Guns can be used to fight but guns can't run a country...
Agar supply bdta h too demand bhi bdana h...... Hme market me MRP se niche kiyu nhi milta kharid.... Jab electronic store,, kirana store , me kharidne jate h.... Toooo....... 
I'm an Indian and proud to be. I love my Constitution.Im an Hindu and proud to be until my last breath
 FARMERS THINK INDIVIDUAL INCOME AS ON TODAY CONDITION
In a country like India with high unemployment, the group with vested interest will always find a bunch of mercenary protestors who can hijack Delhi & force govt to act on their whims.
CONGRESS  PARTY JINDABADD. We are with farmers . Bjp hatao desh bachao
10 percent EWS reservation                   
Hanji its like modi or bjp, they are not following corona rules
While you discuss this, why do you guys ignore the 750 lives gone which has already gone. Who they were, is a different question
Why is supreme court not giving any orders
These people had no right to lower the national flag and put up some religious flag up there. Fight for the injustice but all the while respecting the nation and its people. Peaceful protests are the only way forward as shown by Mahatma Gandhi, why the heck we keep forgetting these things.
he is busy bringing the 3rd corona wave to india after the second one during the previous farmer protests in and around delhi.
Kisi se bhi baat kr lo saare ke saare well informed hai and clear hai, how they are terrorist.
Samdhish time for another video as the draconian laws are repealed
Naredra modi behaving like as hitlar yelder brother
Nation wants to know where is arnab ....we want arnab on this topic again please
He was checking the time to his next nap.	|
The people who are protesting are not farmers they're brokers
Up election tak bhot kuch hone wala h
Shame on you republic TV! You are the reason that Indians living abroad are disgusted when a news clipping from our country is played. You would do anything for a few bucks. Such a disgrace.
Good news is they beat the drivers to death
Jitne bhi comments dekhe comment box me wo sab ke sab anti national comments hai
Don't call them farmers,call them khalistani sikh n jats 
What Can not be achieved by democratic protests Can be achieved by the fear of impending elections !
Inda is still not mature, log yha reforms nhi chahte or china se competetion krte h
VERY.BEST.CHEENEL..SUDIR.CHOUDHARY.THANK.YOU.BAGHWAN.SRI.RAM.APPKA.SATH.HAIN.JAI.HIND.
If a government with such a huge mandate wont do this, then nobody ever will and Indian agriculture will stagnate further. This is cowardly and craven and disappointing.
700+ farmers have died protesting. Don't surprised govt did this because of upcoming Elections.
Good to hear sir
waiting for these so called protestors to protest against punjab govt as well.... jaha pr contract farming me kisaan ko jail ka praavdhaan hai... but wha se to inko grants aa rhe hai maalik k khilaaf thodi bolenge
The only way to stop 1984 is 1776
Delhi police is the big enemy
The arguments send like the sentiments we had before deregulation of our economy. If we don't have storage facilities for 6 percent of the produce how does one buy 100 percent of it, where does one store it, cannot sell it because it's way above market price. Agree with diversification of msp
Now all the andha bhakt got official position " sarkari Taliban"
CORPORATES buying Indian political parties for selling Indian interests. BJP is a big defaulter but Congress is also responsible (willingly they are keeping a weak leadership to accommodate the CORPORATES getting their favorable Laws to be forced on India). Believeit or not all are paid heftyamounts.
accha ye toh ye gall thi
The bill was intended for a greater good and for letting farmers get their fair bit of share by open sales and not restricted to mandis. A kind of win - win situation. However the fear is, the gaint companies who will offer to buy their goods are going to impose laws and regulations which will go against the common good of farmers and eventually they will start losing their inheritance on their assets. Moreover the law will allow third party mass buyers to decide the rate and in due competence farmers will be compelled to sell at lower price than their profitable prices. Even i thought bill was good..later on hearing multiple agendas and possibilities i reside against it.
no Farmers no food remember it
Moreover, the farmers are demanding the same APMC system of pricing with the corporates too, that is MSP+. If this is done and a small about of tax [  similar to apmc tax ] is levied on them it would be better.
LOOK now-Farmer protest- all the crims happening their rape, murder and and.. in this Place
India should support freedom fight for independence of Quebec from Canada.
Ab news channels walon ki chatukarita dekhna ye news wo pure up election tk chalayenge...
What a hypocrisy.
BJP government only care about  Corporates only....bjp is anti national party
Sale police wale shame on u
More suggestions of replicable nature will follow.
Date  to shi lga
Must be - Recognised,Invalidated?
The incident that happened on Republic Day was not a joke either..
   only ......
Zee news walo
Central figure..the worlds largest followings God Jesus the only way to get to heaven. If u believe Him..died 4 ur sins n arose on 3rd day. C 'Jesus grace' in google...
You are s liar. There were no stones at all. Khattar, you will be shown your place soon for your lies.
most currupt family ever in the history of punjab politics
     UP          
Coming soon wait and watch
Why does Paddy price in Bihar is 8-9 per Kg and in punjab /haryana is 22-29 per Kg.Keep in mind apmc system was demolished in bihar during 2006-07.
Still more freedom than the Kashmiris have had for the past few years since lockdown.
Hit them hard before they dare reach Kabul
Long Live you all presenters..!!
One and only political topic was there for opposition and that too lost ye opposition ka dukh kb khatm hoga yaar
Yes today is really a Black day for real farmers of India....we lost 4 generation warfare...so sad..
Please sir be like as you were reporting earlier. It's seems u have lost the path
For the time sedition should be imposed on BJP for harassing the 70% public of its county linked with agriculture .
Winter sesson is not for all these bullshit .. the mP who are suspended should be suspended with no pay .. bahut hua inka
I am so happy farmers zindabad
Thank you for speaking Akash 
That is overall going to keep up with the welfare of the economy as MSP gives rise to higher deadweight loss.
Bakchod channel hai aajtak jhooti news jhuth tk
this is a good budget
Nobody can touch bjp government
Real farmers are in field s  rakesh tikayat  making  elections stunts in up  by planning of  Prashant kisore
Bjp is post graduate in creating danga type situation
If farmers are not happy then why bring it now. Anyhow they are the ones who are going to struggle In farms. Nobody else. They know what needs to be done
I am sure that in its next term the BJP will go the whole hog on Agri Reforms, packaging it more subtly,  allowing more leeway for the States in the implementation.
Looser indian Army
Don't forget what Delhi Police did during Shaheen Bagh protests and subsequent riots. What goes around comes around
Than same rule will apply to drop triple talaq bill and article 370.... 
You should think about your country's problems and future, there are 12crore sikh and 20 crore Muslims are under the seige R.S.S terrorist organisation in India, they want freedom from Hindu religious country,,
Congress ke pale huye hai ye sab 
War is inevitable,  Peace is inevitable, Forgiveness is inevitable.  
Who is that idiot who is saying Karnataka has Taliban Karnataka is peaceful,United and non-violence state because it belongs to south India F*** him I'm from Bijapur Karnataka I now more than him.
Now he has been forced to withdraw the Farm Laws.After he took over there has been only one prominent thing and that is he has divided our Nation in the name if religion.He has no substance. Unemployment rising, Businesses shutting down. A few industrialist have gained enormous wealth from his office. He is a joker and not fit to be PM anymore. He has no compassion for the Poor and weaker sections of our society. We all should vote him out in 2024 to restore Democracy. I hv not seen Hitler. Hv heared about Hitler. Modiji has taken the avatar if Adolf Hitler. He is not good for the future of India.
Pl ask one question. What is Kissan law & what is Kala kanoon
Pseudo nationalist Bollywood scumbags
They all are terrist and Pakistan....
The current governments and people in them need to all step down and let new people, people that have little or no ties to government familys take over, it will be rough for a bit, but I think every politician should have a 5 year shelf life.   corruption and power grows in everyone.
Build Concentration Camps
great documentory loved it, totally informative and eye opener
Are bhai sabko malum. He tou juth bolta he. Tere ko malum he up me bijli millti hi nahi the. 10 march bolti band.
Best lecture of study iq 
3 new farm bills for Adani & Ambani not for poor farmers
Only came here for comment...
But all should know that this has come because of loosing UP election.
Clearly spoken with nice gestures, 
What if farmer is unable to transport its good to factories directly.
only apmc mandi traders dont want it...its protest of rich farmers
Nice explanation bisbo t.q
Answer: The never ending elections in this shambolic democracy, and to protect his image that he has developed so painstakingly and to earn the tag of "good boy" by his western counterparts.
Guidelines price assurance and farm services Act, 2020 .pdf
We made history once again its a downfall of dictatorship
Farmers will remain always poor slaves of middle man , good luck farmers for your future slaving
funding as well. Missionaries and Xlims are getting Huge funding from 
Companies can control the type of product and its procurement prices by contract farming. In case of dispute farmers cannot go above SDM LEVEL. 
Not sure why people thing farmers deserve more "respect". It's a profession like every other profession. If one is not happy in ones profession, please get out of it and do something else. For the public who thinks this is a "win", they are quite wrong. The farmers want the govt to keep buying their stuff, even if it's substandard. Guess whose money the govt is using to buy that stuff...that's right kids! It's our tax money! The idiot in the video has an agenda about his channel, so he keeps on just opposing every single thing the govt does. Please look deeper into this matter. This is a huge loss for all of us tax payers
 very shameful lady
Farmer need money what he had done in land not politics
Hats off all the farmers..and the  politicians those are supported the protest...
Very well explained. Thank you! 
All comment section is with rich farmer and poor farmer.. but reality is that most of produce goes out from farmer below MSP... Farmers protesting because even little that goes for MSP will go below MSP with new farm bills.. I AM FROM TELANGANA HERE PADDY MSP 1890 A GRADE . BUT ITS GOING FOR 1550 TO 1600.. PROTESTING FARMERS HAVE VALID REASON IF MSP IS THERE MAKE IT MANDATORY FOR PURCHASING CROPS ANYWHERE
Possibility of justice in the absence of pressure by the opposition and now with the help of supreme court
Same on you
Hm yeah as if the BBC gievs a damn a bout womens rights, if they truly did why don't they attack saudi arabia or iran on their stance regarding women? why a poor country like afghanistan? so strange.
This bjp supporter is stating that a person is innocent till proven guilty. I agree entirely. Why were the hindutva forces treating Kanhaiya Kumar as a guilty person? These intelligence challenged persons are best ignored except that they are hurting the nation and their anti national activities need to be opposed on all platforms.
Good move! Not giving any more space for opposition to ripe reward out of this farm laws protest and agitation.. Govt tried it's best to bring in much needed changes to the out of date agricultural practices and laws - unfortunately, it is forced to withdraw them.
News media should be explaining like this instead of re-iterating the statements again and again. Speech without content would just assist in fuelling the anti-centre narratives. Well explained Madam. Very informative, clear and on mark.
We hope farmers will be able to win money correctly because we need them
Republic Day puts the country on display. There is no need to embarass the whole country to the whole world. Keep them out of the capital, if necessary, by force. THIS IS A FOREIGN FUNDED AGITATION
Agar reform nahi hote toh aaj space me nahi hote, agar reform nahi hote toh aaj videsho me log world class lifestyle enjoy nahi kar paate. Par ye India hai bhai reforms se jyada protest chlta hai yaha.
Agara koi bhi reforms government latei hai wo   agar farmers le liye benifit hi nahi. To mat lao sab politics hii
Farmers unity Jindabaad.
how bsnl shut .his land ,towers selled.what is democracy is what people wish practically best.
Police should stop these terrorist from causing more trouble.
2. Red Turban rebellion 1351.
The farmers from the other states already living under poverty line and they dont even know what is MSP thats why they are not protesting. 
these laws were necessary for india's agricultural sector.
AKHILESH YADAV JI SUPAR SPIKES
You are doing an excellent job but the thing is you should find a better and higher medium  pressurising the government to rethink their acts as a result making a good change in democracy.
History
They done it 
*Delhi police should not tolerate the shit created by Delhi CM*
Its sad that Mr ravish Kumar had not even tweeted or posted about this incident on his social media handle.
Just wait and see librerals,congressi,communists.
Bjp party is responsible  for our 750 farmers death.
Before new farmer laws - Farmer suicides, billions of bailouts and  losses to banks , communist agitations, middle men were LOOTING.
No sir I think this is not good Step taken by our Government
This decision of PMO represents...The pattern for law change followed in opposing this farm law activities had been accepted and approved by president of india , suprim court of india ,assembly of india,lok sabha of india ,sansad sabha of india ,central govt of india and state govt..its not failure  of central govt. Its failure of whole system in INDIA.
Government should say quality produce will be bought  on MSP .. whatre ever punjabis are producing  third
but what about the present we die now and then gain profit in the coming years lol what a shitty illiterate government we have in our country
Let Opposition go to Lakhonpur, then run them all over with tractors.
A law on MSP goes against the government's scheme of things.
Low iq fools rammed in to a crowd and got killed. Even tanks can't withstand the civilians if they rise up. What did they think about this stupid open top car? LoL
Mic todne se bill wapas nai aayega Sanjay Ji. ye baat samajhiye. Jo aapne kia wo bhi galat hee tha aur unneccessary tha kyunki wo tamasha karna ka koi fayeda nai hua. Ulta aap suspend ho gaye. Protesting and challenging this bill in court would be the right way i think rather than inciting drama and violence in Rajya Sabha.
No haryanvi or punjabi in Delhi police, as they failed to defend tricolor.
It leads to international out reach
Paakhandwaad haar gya...... Jattwaad jeet gya... ... Mughal aur angrez he moot dete the hamare saamne toh..ye toh fir nhi new new santre hai 
who is this yogendra and why he is invited by NDTV all the time. What is Swaraj party?
Kosher kosher kosher.. i feel like a jew after listening to the word so many times .big fan sir.. i am a protesting farner but i follow you because you're correct, laws 'can be' beneficial.
plz administration not only Punjab..sach bolo
Three simple conclusions that I draw from the govt repealing the farm law is that: 1) Mr Modi has reiterated again that political pandits cannot predict his moves. Anybody saying I dont think Modi will do this, Modi will do that.shouldnt be surprised if he gives credits (for this directly or indirectly to Captain Singh), 2) Modi has taken away one agenda from the oppositions kit  just before a full fledged election campaigning is to begin for states election in 2022, and 3) Modi should learn to consult those for whom you say you are brining laws.
Yehbajat attcha nahe hai
Only little bit explained farmers just doing their protest peacefully but driver of the thar hits everyone with car and killed farmers then farmers destroys their car in anger
This channel is fully modi media
Tiket and his org will miss the fun nights and free food at sighu boarder  lawda ka farmer hai tiket
Farmers are not muslims who can be prosecuted arrested killed. They will fight and win
Her voice is so annoying.
WORLD SINGH READ THIS FACT ABOUT THIS FARMERS MARKET .LAW ONLY FOR SMALL FARMERS OWN I HEKTORS OR LESS.THIS KIND OF FARMERS HAVE BE IN FARM EVERY DAY CARING FOR THE LAND.HOW CAN THEY PROTEST FOR ONE YEAR. WHOM FINANCING THEM AND HELPING TO HATE THIZ LAW.THE SAME ENEMY ONCE SEND ARMY INSIDE GOLDEN TEMPLE AND KILL DEVOTEES FROM PUNJAB. THEN AFTER INDIRA DEATH THOUSANDS OF PUNJABI WAS SLAUGHTER BY SAME PARTY USING SIKS TO HATE MODI.HISTORY MOST OF NEW PUNJABI DID NOT BORN YET.CONGRESS USING SIKS TO SACRIFICE CAUSING RIOT KILLING PUNJABIS.
How can the Government is at ease ... it's not the matter of esteemed honour to be tarnish ... confront the farmers urge ... put an end ...
These are khalistani (terrorist)
Pls think about salary class too. They are paying only taxes. Farmers nahin poor farmers ke liye karo..Audi lekar kisaani karne wale bhi bahut hai....pls do something for it.
2nd std student have more discipline 
A waste of 30 mins of my life! I just wanted to hear good solid economic arguments and all I saw is indubitable faith in free markets, which don't give a rat's ass about farmers' livelihoods. I will not pay for your biased neoliberal journalism.
It is indeed sad that the Kisan's didn't come for a discussion when Govt called,. The opposition too ditched the Nation for their own benefits. It's so unfortunate that the decision to repeal the farmers bill was decided on Road and not in parliament. Is this what you call a a Democracy ? Then why elections, let's discuss on Roads. Just imagine what will happen to this nation if everyone sits on road, block each other progress. This was totally unconstitutional and undemocratic.
Everyone is afraid of change. Don't resist just Embrace it. Our country  is developing that's all. All of us should be happy. I can see why farmers are afraid, but it's for greater good. 
He is provoking for riots 
THANO KA YADAV HO JANA (36.67%)
Why they are stopping farmers and so much shame for our country. No news channels are casting news and debating.Only busy in love jihad ,and drugs only....
*Historic Day and humiliating defeat for Indians, 36 runs all foxes inbox. Human Rights watch support brave angry farmers in Punjab, 2nd in Covid 19, frozen winters China's dragon at India's threshold + fascist Modi. Perfect storm for a nation looking for distraction*'
No more games with citizens.
Your channel should report on the MSP guarantee and how farmers will benefit vis a vis broker involvement earlier
Protesters: block the road indefinitely.
Antinational corrupt Mamta Congress Akhilesh yadav Sharad Pawar Uddhav Thackeray Arvind Aadmi Party Aajtak INDIATODAY The Quint,The Wire News24  NDTV anchors wants India destroyed
There r many laws in written form whether these laws really applied by the government?this is the issue of protest but I m greatful while listening this topic...Good job
Who are farmers, goons of Cong
Very important topic thanks sir for explaining everyone should understand this
Our great PM is looking after the farmers for their welfare...but would request the PM to look after the senior citizens too..since long they r requesting the HM n PM to increase the EPFO pension for the senior citizens too so that they could also spend the rest of their life peacfully....pls forward this request..
How did 700 die???Not a single shot was fired by the police!!I If a person wants to sit in the cold for a year it is his choice!
Mayawati needs to read out what someone has written?  If she feels so strongly,it should have come from her heart'... Hopeless
My corn crop fetched Rs 12 per kg while MSP is 17.5.
Governmundlinguistic error. But still cute but as always my full support to farmers. Aap sab bole to hum sare nojawan bhagat singh banne ko tayaar hai
No republic day 
PRICE ASSURANCE AND FARM SERVICES ACT, 2020
press reporters are also did great job
250million protesters(25cr) was totally a fake news spreaded .Even Delhi or UP itself don't have that much population.
These terrorist farmers deserve this
Election harne k dar se wapas l 
He is Abhishek and not Arnab
this is not defendable. open your eyes modi ji. 
Don't worry Sir we are with you nobody can weaken your position.
Please make a video on National Mineral Policy
Join Telegram Group : https://t.me/crazygktrick_official_channel
How can i send some funds to support this channel???
Mujhe toh ye most intelligent, hard working and vocal community lgti h
Food Prices for every one and make Farmers into labour
Its simple now, if you want to get your needs fulfilled just block the highways and sit in Delhi ranting about it and it will be accepted. 
Report writing er video  ta send koro plz
1. Threatening to file cases based on their footage and harassing individually to vacate the place.
Very bad for our farmers....... How they think.... This is also bad for our nation
Not farmers some paid goons of Congress!! Because farmers don't pelt stones nor they show violence in red fort on 26th jan!!
Incase farmers are thinking of voting BJP because they repealed the farm laws, DONT! Modi is insisting that farm laws were great. He is not accepting that farmers are genuine!!!! Please do not vote BJP
In case of industry in some cases the government gives land to industry but a farmer can not purchase a land beyond land celing (12.5 acres in UP) even from his own money
It's kind of sad that much needed reforms in India take years or even decades for people to accept, I hope the Govenment makes a good attempt to educate people and encourages national debate before implementing, that way it can assess the national mood, otherwise a few thousand people will lay siege to the capital, play the victim card, block roads and throw tantrums to get their way over the silent majority and greater good.
Shame to india ... Women on roads because of BJP govt...
Always right sudhir chudhri
You skipped the part that police fired and we're provoking the farmers. One sided news coverage.
Today farmers proved they're intelligent than us Urban people who easily believe sosial media campaign
Very nice speaking
There are Reddys village on the borders of Karnataka and Andhra, these Reddys have availed Tractors loans from Nationalised Banks and signed all the legal documents etc to avail the tractor loans.Now they are not repayjng the loans and the bank authorities are not able to recover the loans.The political bossess are solidly behind these Reddys, banks are gearing up to forgo the loans.
Amazing. A lot of thanks to Scoop whoop!!!!
This is no more a farmers protest 
This type of analysis by Shekkhar jee is not accepted by most. If I am nit taken into confidence, I will resist it even if it is amrut for me. We need to change, have down to earth attitude to understand if there is change if we all want to flourish. If Shekha rjee had an episode on this theme he would have contributed positively.
1. Start earlier than agreed upon time.
Somebody handover rocket launcher to this SDM so instead of hurting the farmers he can kill them at once....we expect sensitivity towards people if you are civil servent but using of excessive force on unarmed civilians is horrible they are farmers not criminals ....this govt is so scared of mass public outrage that they can go to any extreme the day is not too far when you will see every person giving dharna in road because of price rise, unemployment , exploitation
Real Education 
Seriously farmers think they should only trade with people who are licensed( usually corrupt and politically connected) and not with anyone who gives them the best price.
Shame on these Police Fellows
2. APMC sells much cheaper as compared to local market. Also we find direct farmers selling their crops.
YouTube: The Wire | The Quint | The Print | Hindustan Live | Newslaundry
He is our prime minister god bless him
Admn did everything possible to pursuade them not to violate law,
respect brother sister g
bycot evm
Today I want to add one more line "Media is OF the ruling party, BY the ruling party and FOR the ruling party" 
It's not a victory..a huge loss for India and those small farmers... really sad
They have blocked important highways causing thousands crores  of financial losses to small businesses..
Thankyou so much ma'am. This video should be shown to the farmers.
Oh boy, educated unaware people like these are exactly the problem India faces. Read the bill.
by Western NGO's
This is another failed attempt like GST, Demonetisation, budget 2020 (where GDP went in downward slope in minus the worst is indian history. This downward slope started even before COVID)
These people have crossed all the limits and I swear these people are not capable to live in a country like India which is the greatest these are definitely not kisan they are the people who are being brought by some bunch of people shame on them 
The voices of farmers will not be suppressed
India in deep trouble, human rights are being violated *Farmers are unhappy*
Ya tou houna he tha bai
Modi blind supporters secretly stalking the comment section end up getting depression .
Samdish you a hero. Doing real ground reporting & explaing the issues to lay man.
Vandalism being called as enthusiasm, cars are being called as tractors. Hats off BBC, do you have the gutts to show all the footages?
Framers are won... history are creating
Who's to blame?
Putting citizens life into Risk .
agri tax , industri tax is the existing future in future budget expected in any state 
There is a concerted effort by Godi Media and GOI agencies to not show the depths and seriousness of this protest. So ordinary citizens across India has not understood the gravity of situation for farmers - the hand that feeds Billions in India including the rich and common.
Jaan se be maar dege ye to only hamla tha
Who give fk to these fake farmers and covid spreaders as they spreading covid since last one year... no actual farmers behave like this...and this fake news promoting them since last more than a year
It looks like Tikiat is calling the shots. All the politicians are in the Sleeping mode.
In Telangana rythu bhandhu pathakam there  1 acre = 4000 rs .if u have more then infinity * 4000 and if the farmers are in USA r in others country r in others states working u will get money in u r  bank. if u work r u don't u will get money.this scheme is very good for large acre of farmers.there are sum farmers they don't have lands they work under labour in farmers r daily labours. Telangana is covered with huge taxes  around 50,000crores.no education and no jobs.only scheme cheap liquor, ect
correct your knowledge mam...MSP means Minimum Support Price.
Didi I need  speech on farmers  protest  for my school  compitition
Modi should give one more good news by resigning from the post n handover it to someone educated like Swamy or someone else. Next he will sell india to Ambani or some rich clients.
Why is modi's photo on the thumbnail? Why can't this bloody media just can't put Indian flag or Ashoka Chakra? Why the heck is this old man's photo doing everywhere from Covid-19 vaccination certificate till youtube thumbnail. India gifted the helicopter to Afghan, not modi godi
Very well explained.    
Is India still a democratic country,if it's citizens have no right to protest peacefully or to go their Capital to get their voices heard. Shameful .
In groups k jadatar logo ne 'MAR JAYEGE PR SAMAJWADI KO VOTE NAHI KAREGE' wala option choose kiya. 
Right decision.
I did vote too. But now I  feel you are also a just another Hitler , Who wants to possess power and fame . Repealed farms laws at the time when elections( up,uk,punjab) are nearby. Kab tak bekoof banaoge . Hum yaha chutiya nahi bethe . 
Thank you...I have been telling Indians .....Hitler-Modi Mussolini-AmitShah  and Ravan-Ambani and Kansa-Adani will eat all the poor indians live    so Fight and Fight till we send these 4 crooks to Jail. 
Wrong explain for msp not everyone getting same rate
Its the fault of the farmers. Bhai even though u know wheat is not consumed by a lot many people. Still why are u producing in huge caps.
Ask you daddy, Adani and Ambani they will pay for any loss. Kissan Mazdoor ekta zindabad
Ek color missing he 
This is the best thing. Thank you lallantop for covering the struggle of my people.
Chor bjp, Godi Modia and Lundbhkats are Hramkhors....
Good information sir
Shame on you as being on the POST of an IAS
the reality was explained wonderfully Sir .educating farmers is first step to be taken..where our govt will never do....
* It will enable develop agriculture infra by pvt investment . So which infra is pending ? And when can you expect it to be completed? Till the infra is not available what can Farmer rely on meantime.
Nice analysis sir
You are not telling us how the present situation working ..... how farmer get RS 2  on onion and we buy it from market at RS 50 ..... and result they get nothing on their own product ............... I wasted my 40 minutes
why dont you correct your caption and say "the sikh farmers are being targeted left right and center, we know the truth, this is 2020, god bless Cell phones!!
Thanku sir it's very effective sir
Theyre terrorists disrupting peoples life for last 8 months and trying to arm-twist the govt. Theyre not farmers else they would be busy farming. Moreover Govt has made it clear that farm laws wont be repealed.
1.They are not farmers
I am sad to Comment this, Reforms in so many issues are pending, for example, Rape cases are increasing, Money laundering is increasing, Custodial deaths are increasing and many more. Why can't stringent laws be implemented and Girl child be protected with new ammendments and forcefully implied with immediate effect?
3) At least one cold storage facility for a village or a group of villages. 
Media must bring this henious crime in covid 19 times in front of public
Is dacket ki CBI inquiry honi chahiye 
Seasonal politics
Trains blocked by farmers in punjab, Devotees going to Golden temple suffer a lot... Railway ticket cost amritsar to ambala is Rs. 110 but buses charge Rs.  350,   looting own punjabis by blocking trains, very bad
Bjp Party Agenda Promote For Zee Channel Shame for you.
Make the rich, richer and the poor, poorer. That's what modi want.
When kumbh Mela, liberls: see the drasting increase in covid cases
May be masterstroke from their end
This video needs millions of views. But look at India's population & look at the views. Music videos get millions of views but this type of quality content doesn't. Sad reality.
Republic is dying to get TRP. This channel is also responsible to make a 3rd grade gunda an obnoxious face on TV.
Make video on Congress minimum basic income
"Justice will not be served untill those who are unaffected are as outraged as those who are."
It's not about terrorism, he was referring to the ideology... 
Anchor ka jamin nhi, anchor ka bank account balance puchna chahiye tha
Option C is the right answer 
4 people killed brutally ,,nobody wats to accept ,just doing politcs
my father is a farmer and I know the hardship of being a farmer and there are many flaws with the current system but this Farm bill 2020
But the rest of the 20% which holds 80% farm economy forced govt with help of opposition to take it back.
Media medam Aap apne parivar Ke sath road side chal rahi ho eak car aae aapke tin logo ko kuchal kr mar de to aapka  reaction kesa hoga ?? Karma watching 
May almighty Allah grants you happiness  yarabbi
govt will keep on shouting this is nector drink it..but the farmer feels it is venom..so forcefully onluy modiji can impose these lawas and make there friends happy and worlds richest.shame on modi ji
 Consequently, SALE and INCOME  of agriculture produce will get into Govt Records.  
You forgot the election angle in repealing farm laws
Chor chor mausere bhai
Some people who want make India fascist are really not happy . They  call themselves nationalist while if someone  calls out  their goverment they called them antinational like bjp =INDIA
Now America will ask India to fight China. So be ready India for doing more for America.
Being a dalit kovind is elected as president by Modi.
The guy who hit the police with the Indian flag should be shot without any mercy. They might be farmers , if they don't have respect for government it's kk, but if they don't respect for the country and it's flag they should tamed. They should be killed without hesitation which makes it clear that no one is above the nation. Being a farmer is not an excuse for disrespecting and disgracing the national flag, nation pride.
Rahul Gandhi very genius man I salute you very nice sir
This is what will happen if we elect a tea master as president.
Nowadays he is not taking any interest in the country's interests  ,he either doesn't have any brain  ,or he is cocooned in a cell where there is no rationality and public interest 
Farmers cum terorists
Only reason we are not in a emergency situation right now is because of these Farmers. Even US, Germany and China are facing food crisis right now.
You are not kissan your only bookworm
India should expedite arrangement for  everything both internal and external is the opinion of 5% deep thinkers.
Audio Quality is poor
Asaduddin Owaisi is a Shia. He cannot be a leader of all muslims. #BoycottAsaduddinOwaisi
Great work mam....understood each and everything easily...thank u so much
But internally 80% khalistani and Pakistani it cell is working so that they can increase riots in india.
Kashmir-hindu died, no sympathy, Bengal post poll violence, fire,, murder, rapes, koi vipkshi nahi gaya, nahi koi tweet, Rajsthan, & other congi ruled states- violence, murders of innocent hindus- nobody cares, UP mei sab log aag ko aur badhane ke liye poch kjate hei. Oppositions wants problems and no solution.Destructive oppositions r worst than enemies.
Before :- Sikh community was very generous, peace loving and kind
Bloody Modi, you are a liar and not the opposition... you have even abolished question hour in parliament..
Support our Sikh brothers from Hyderabad.
Tractor rally:
Amitabh bachan political kitnr paise liyee modi se
APMC is still there and msp also
Sir i think it  is due to u.p election 
So , what more is needed
Wonder why only farmers are protesting!!!
Explained very well......in short...
Encounter will be the only solution then
USING SOCIAL MEDIA ....TO MIS LEAD.. DIDN'T WORK ON......ANNADATA FARMERS
Indian media is also calling these favorite brothers a horror. Terrorist
Hope farmers don't take it to Mumbai to block Bombay stock exchanges. If it happens result will be disastrous.
If government is really concerned about farmer then why the not mention msp
Why NDTV beeped certain sections of the clip ?
These are not farmers. They are greedy middlemen posing as farmers. Shameless
Journalism and Money probably becomes Socialism.
Who is here after farm laws are repealed?
This person is politics   TIGER.........////
School band
Stop with the shitty south india accent
Hmmm planing for next election 
Banarji sabi am being a farmer from the south side telling you.. we should be thankful to modiji that he responded to the farmers call in withdrawing the bill..
They are killings farmers
Its a political order from high table
Congress cycle party se chalali ke paise Sonali Ke Jo paise Lene Rakesh
You are right
in the end these all politicians are big chor , and murders 
Rahul, wake up now. Public is not blind and deaf. They can see the clear picture.They are not wearing coloured glasses you are giving them, any more.
Dear...these three Acts are not in favours of Farmers , you are focusing only outlines of these Acts but on other hand there  are many adverse affect on farmers....these bills are only in favours of traders and corporates...If a farmer violates the contract , then the traders get stay on his farm and due to the appiontment of big law firm..the farmer will not get justice...and Hoarding..the whole economy of India is around fifty Corporates and these are who control Modi Govt. ...and another big issue of WTO and IMF...they have big oppuritunity in Indian market and  Resources of which they use it at very cheapest rate and make money...our poor Indian people are once again on the path of slaveness due to bad Policies of Illeterated and tea seller...jumbebaj.....PM Shri Narender Modi ji...Please ..think deep..you will get all real picture of it... Jai Kisan Jai Bjarat
abhi MSP Petrol DIesel EMployment .... asli kheer toh wo hai... BJP RSS lost its credibility..nd trust.... lets kick modi out of this... we dont trust congress too.... we need a farmers and labours party in india for 2023
Ek time tak kisan ke support me tha.. bt ab nhi.. 26 january ko jo tractor rally hone wali h.. ish se vatan  ka naam kharab hoga ... Vatan se bada koi nhi h...Phir chahe wo kisan ho ya PM
Peace will come iff Islam will b no more in this world. 
Don't call farmers.
Is it Taliban Government
Super teaching I impress
Modiji was waiting for the right time!!
When America and other western countries help Pakistan you don't concern about the Islam.
Owaisi is sensible, he makes sense. Not just mudslinging like other politicians. It's sad state of affairs in our country that he is underrated merely because he is a Muslim.
Atul pradhan is good. Only akhilesh G
Run away Mr Modi, run away, if not Kutch, Arunachal, then the Bolpur, these farmers are  to not relent, if you do not care about your infamous name, think of slander of the Republic if you have to resign after circumstances force you, therefore,recommending the national government, run away, you can return in 2024?
This is murder driver should be imprisoned for that
Shame on protestors....
Revolutionary greetings 
This shows the substandard of ndtv news.They know very well that statement in front of magistrate is admissable.This kind of police questioning equals to ndtv anchor Ravish Kumar questioning.More trouble for Pronnoy Roy &Radhika Roy.
Everyone knows Taliban is bad. Just raid them, and shut their mouths. Pretty sure Afghanistan's will be happy about it
50% of these cops are RSS goons and they are the ones who violently attack the farmers. The real cops won't dare use so much force. No matter what, the farmers should not back off. If need be people like me will join them physically.
People are responsible for that. They choose always wrong people. People have given super power to the politicians.
Sindhu border is not there home,they have other things to do 
Sikh is sher
Thanks!
Disrespected the lives lost, may he face the same
I Modi keeping in mind the UP elections in March taking back the farm law's back. Nothing for public benefit.
U have nvr guts to ask question to your honor (gov)
SIR ITS LOVELY....HAPPY TO LEARN FROM YOUR CRYSTAL CLEAR EXPLANATION
Now.Afghanistan will meet the same fate.p
Now the government is trying to mislead the Supreme Court in the name of corona and is also trying to make a narrative that in this tractor rally only a handful of tractors owners are agitating and not the other farmers not having tractors which is totally wrong as this government is trying to divide the farmers for which policy of divide and rule this government is known for . This government wants to create the disturbances in the country to make such kinds of narrative.I myself a very small farmer and till date nothing received from government .It is not understandable as to by which right this government wants to pressurise the farmers who are always doing hardworking to survive their families and what right this government has got to intervene or to interfere in their private work which is not justified.They have got any help from the government and rather the government is burdening them with high cost of fertiliser and petroleum and diesel prices and still continue to do hard work due to which this country has reached to the level of food surplus from food deficit in the initial years after independence.This government should avoid using such type of tactics to divide them which will not be in the interest of the country and this government.After all why this sort of attitude of arrogance towards the farmers and under which right when the farmers not wanting it.
""LETS PRAY FOR THOSE CHILDREN" "WHO DONT HAVE ;THEIR PARENTS" THEY ARE REAL LEGEND
God(Our Lord),given this messages.
every country people need to stand behind  there farmers.
Get a good leader in the Opposition....
Its not a peasant movent
6 lakh Tractor Rally Goals : 
What time does the program start?
We support  farmers fools on rules must go out Modi the illiterate feuku
Only the farmers of Punjab are celebrating ....90% of poor farmers keep suffering in india.
But he later served homemade tea to suspended MPs, which makes everything right.
No one can direct INDIA 
Thank you very much for this video sir
Why should we distract from their political Opinion? When whole moment itself is a politically motivated thing.
_India: 10,677,710; Death 153,624 (1.44%) Active 178,808 (1.67%) Recovery 10,345,278 (96.89%)_
Are we going to die without
Chal hut pappu
why does india need trade with terror state
Salute h Delhi police vry great 
Police why you stop this is not India modi no come in the andhloan they need go please no stop same on modi no come in the andhloan
What Happened on 26th Jan. 2021. Pls Ask them ,this Question. Any time can happen, Police Personnel Injured , Life long they should Survive by Disability. This Farmers eating Free and any time can do nautanki...
Now apex court woken up and know Formers are protesting in delhi.......Real Formers working in the field's.......
controlled its defense and diplomatic affairs till now;
And yes is government is not managing correctly they have to go away.
GOI SC all are just spectators.. 
All freebies , subsidies , tax exemptions meant for the small /marginal farmers are usurped by the Rich / Super Rich farmers. NRI owners of agricultural land in Punjab who have not set foot in India for years , bribe Patwaris and show themselves as ' Khud Kasht '- i.e. Actual Tillers , in the Revenue Records . Such NRIs and others then take free electricity etc benefits
Good Dress Divyanshi Ji.. 
Very bad that farmers done in our country. Country first all other next
I think it would be better just to move the MSP  to only those crops that are in short supplies over time like Shekhar ji has explained at the end , especially to those crops that will save India from Importing crops they can grow them self's , another great explanation  ,,
Why farmers are protesting because their leaders are the middlemen in the money system and if government give the farmers to decide the price which they take for their crops then their leaders will lose their job and they will lose to manipulate people's mind.
Mam please make a video on Cripps mission 
What will this netas do ?
Modi is Hitler
andolan se he bharat bacha hua tha leking ab ye andolan desh ke sare issues pe ada rehna chaiye tha, andolan band na kare continue rakhe 2024 tak
New is good but decision takes lots of time..
One year of protest on the roads during a COVID pandemic and THEN the worlds biggest democracy chooses to repeal the 3 farm bills 
Superb answer for the question sir... Maan gaye aapko
Yoginder is a chor covered by beard 
Congress both are same.
Agar main I. A. S. NHI ban saka to iske jimmedar sir hain agar ye class 1985 se hi suru ho jati to main bhi.   I. A. S. Ban jata  what is a good method of teaching concept is very clear on subjects. 
What type of people are you BJPians? When he made the laws "YOU AGREED" When he repealed the laws "YOU AGREED" don't you have your own stand as an individual? Be a man not chaatukaaar.
This is what happens when right wing party rule any country.
Congress bjp aap and even communist party are all several colours of chaddi gang....they all are 
Iss tlwarwaley ka pichware pe issue ghusa dena jorurat.
First minute guessed everything 
Salute you sir for speaking the truth
Sadhguru explained Need of farm reforms,watch this video of sadhguru  @GY3w
Arhtiyas Protest is all it was, never a farmers protest.
And today the laws have been Revoked!!.
Hun es taran hath te hath dhar k baithn da time ni u should take the action
Specialy thankyou BBC 
Dont trust anymore BJP gundd Amith shaha and Narendra Modi.!
There is no difference between a farmer, a soldier and a dog in poor india
1).More than 70% of wheat and paddy produce in Punjab & Haryana is procured under MSP and they are saying 6% on all India basis which is wrong as other farmers are not having marketable surplus (10 Crore out of 14.6 crore farmers have land holding less than 1 ha and major area is under rained).   2). Punjab, Haryana & Rajasthan are the only state which engage Ardthiyas/ Commission agent in procurement and in other states (like MP which contributes equal to Punjab in central pool, procures through Primary Agril Credit Societys/ Gram Sahkari Sewa Samiti). Ardthiyas have earned more than Rs. 800 crore in wheat procurent (only in Punjab & Haryana). Why procurement  is happening through Mandies as PACS are capable which is farmers body. - SKM is not demanding this as procurement centre will near to farmer and scheduling of arrival can be monitored. PACS will make profit and more services like Storage, Grading, processing, etc can be set up at PACS level. It is happening in other States like MP, Chhatisgarh, Odisha, Telangana and UP has also started.  3). MSP to be made as base price for auction in Mandies so Govt needn't to procure and farmers are free to sell outside the Mandies as per new act. SKM is not demanding that MSP to be made as base price for auction. SKM is just saying MSP guarantee which is creating confusion so demand should be specific. 4). SKM leaders are creating confusion that how a small farmer will sell the produce of 1 or 2 qtl in Bangalore or Chennai. In this connection, Central Govt has a target of 10000 Farmers Producers organisation(FPOs) means one FPO/ Block which will aggregate farm produce and will negotiate with traders. These FPOs will be managed by Farmers themselves by hiring professionals and Central Govt is giving more than 25 lakh./ FPO as a grant. FPO is the most efficient marketing channel and local rural youth can be motivated and guided properly. Ardthiyas/ Commission agent shouldn't be member of FPOs.(Visit SFAC/ NABARD/NCDC website). In Addition to FPOs, Rural youth can form their rural Cooperatives ( 15-20 rural youth or may be rural youth of entire village) of marketing which may set up private market yards or e-trading centre. These rural cooperatives will get their service charge or can set up their processing unit and can have tie up with Retailers(like Reliance dress, Big Bazar or can open their marketing outlet in nearby city). Moong will be produced by farmers and will be procured by local rural cooperative which can set up their pulse unit also and Govt schemes are available. 5). 75% of  305 million tonne foodgrains ( cereals + pulses as oilseeds is not a part of foodgrains) consists of wheat and paddy ( 235 million tonnes) which means coarse cereals ( like Bajra, maize, Zowar, ragi, Mundua, etc) and pulses have production of only 70 mt of which small proportion of farmers have marketable surplus but we import the pulses so farmers of Punjab & Haryana and Western UP should go for diversification of crops as water table and soil fertility is also an issue in these areas.  6). Some commodities like Bajra, Maize, Jowar, Mandua, Ragi should be included in PDS by respective State govt so that procurement from farmers will happen at local level. Karanataka Govt has included Ragi in PDS system. SKM is not having this demand bcoz it will affect the procurement of Wheat & Paddy in Punjab & Haryana as maximum Kisan Morcha leaders are from these States. 7). 43% large farmers (> 10ha) and 22% medium farmers (> 4 ha) of the country are from Western Rajasthan and we can easily understand their level of production. SKM is not aware about the definition of farmers so we can understand their level of awareness about farmers problems. They are just befooling the Entire country. 8). More than 7 Crore Farmers have land holding less Than 0.5 ha and PM Samman Nidhi of Rs. 6000/- is a big help to them. Govt is giving Samman to all farmers otherwise it could have saved more than 30000 cr/-.
Thanku mam , for great explanation .
IMPORTANT FACT
Net connection why not so good at Delhi???????? Why?? Why???
I don't think so at first               . 
Republic India be like we have become now unemployed
He is working for corporates not for people
what is wrong in this have u ever seen a sikh disrespect bagwad Geeta but guru Granth sahib is being disrespected everyday. if we do not teach lesson to these bad people they will be keep doing the same thing but now they will have to think twice
I don't believe that it is possible, the reason is that the celeberated corrupt enjoys great power & half of the masses don't know that they are corrupt and address them as 'Saabs' & fear them as they are influential. 
Indian army and police fucking corrupt shame on them
Sound is not clear
Me searching comment 1 day ago.
Well deserved victory 
See he is 15 year old boy and he is speaking truth ..such innocent boy can't lie...by asking lot of question this boy may get confuse... He is kid kindly handle him delicately ...he is raw boy , it should impact on his brain wrongly...he is brave boy ...RIP to his father
What a Great Explaination
Opposition hardly get opportunity to say something.
Instead of stopping new farm bill for 18 months let farmers experience new farm bill for 18 months and side by side committee form bring any amendment if needed on the experience of farmers then farmers will release that new farm bill is in there favours .let kotak securities kotak bank open 3 in 1 account of farmers i.e demat, trading, bank account, also teach farmers how to export  agro products of export quality skill development under kotak bank global trade account for exporters small marginal big farmers all over India .farmers will have 2nd line of income support .while getting benefit of 2nd line of income they can provide food grains of good quality
India vs afghan will occur.its must...
now at least hang these guys who has killed our farmers
And still people think farmers.are right. 
Shame on Godi media and dangerous politician
Farmers have been used by all political parties. 
Offcourse jo bhi bol rahe hai jhoot hi hoga... Solid Confidence hai bhai Zee News walo pe...
This will set a wrong precedent for future protests and pave way to more anarchy and violence.
#FarmersProtest #
This news is not that viral only I see Aryan khan was arrested on Godi media
I stand with farmers of india
Al*Salam Ek Avyakt Allah Bade Bade Baapdada Send Me Talibhan To India Karnataka Bangalore We Want Live More Indian Govt ll Not Providing Our Souls All Needs Mera Baba Meeta Baba Phyare Baba Ek Avyakt Allah Babe Bade Baapdada Talibhan Welcomes To Govt Of Allah Almighty God fathers First  Welcoming You As Soon As Posible Araival We Hope You Huparawala Khuda Hafiz 
Proud to be farmer and sikh 
Sorry Hon SC  should intervene to give justice to all
Finally 100 lac cr....Infra.........
Best time to do protest! Well done India well done ! Black marketing of oxygen, fake medicine, agent booking of beds, beating healthcare workers but still only politicians r to be blamed not these fake protesters and criminals who can do anything for money !
I wonder where all the Indians, US, European politicians  who were cheering Hong Kong violent protestors are. They seem to be very quiet. If this was China they would be jumping up and down.
Babal wrong word h
What is going on in India ? Can u explain . Is that real gun ?
What happened in Hungary with Elizabeth Bathory? Oh right, bathing in the blood of victims.
Thes Pakistani army generals transferred money into USA while  giving " lies and deciet' .... should be held responsible and their properties seized.
Tikait ,who him self  hails from UP , has sacrifice/ totally ignored  the interests of poor and landless farm labourers of UP , Bihar etc who come to Punjab etc and take agricultural field on lease /Theka from absentee including NRI land owners   Details of these landless tillers are not mentioned in the Revenue records / Girdawars  . Patwaris are bribed to state the names of absentee land owners including NRI s  as Khud Kasht - i.e. Actual tillers The migrant landless tillers  remain faceless , nameless and .helpless. .
Best video maine bht si video dkhi pr smjh crazy trick se hi aya thnk uu so much
historic bola h disaster toh hoga hi
Ahmad Shah is a real tiger
Go home
This is so one sided
To win the game he should stay in the game, which was thought by mahabaratam .
Suddenly become wise  and learn to decide about their leader  
Really I appreciate sir tnkq so much sir
He has gathered 100 crores worth asset 
This is the country where we live in
Best channel on YouTube....love your content bro... godspeed to you
Smart Modi , as always.
Farmers are God. They are our Annadata.Long live democracy. Long live India.
who thinks this will help farmers.....u will regret...i m a framer and i read the bills......these will definately ruin us....will make us slaves
USA mission to plunder 8 trillion dollars worth of minerals under Afghan soil failed, damnit
Another incident in news for few days and people will be back to normal as if nothing happened. Life time misery for the family of deceased.
Our actual farmers are respected, but not under dakayat. They should boycott and get all records, money collection, anti national work. He is most notorious backed by congress who wants to devastate our holy sacred country.
The problem is that protesters are farmers but the protest organizers and kisan union are politically affiliated to CPIM AAP and Congress
He could have spared Guru Nanak Dev Ji. He is a true Drama Queen.
on a lighter note - the random validation of samdish  at  last juz  made the video complete !!!
SHAME ON YOU WHO PROTESTING AGAINST ANDEDADA... YOU SOLD YOURSELF FOR FEW HUNDREDS SHREE RAM SAVE MY COUNTRY
Bhai lekin msp hatane ke bat kaha hui thi . bat to corporate farming ko side by side chalane ki ho rahi thi???
Minister is the reason for his son to be charged.
Thank you
Excellent  Good  for All 
Stand with farmers votes
          The concept of God as scientifically untrue is reactionary, superstitious and contrary to nature, human, humanity, human equality and human resources.
Remember SAADHUS brutally killed in Paalghar in front of maharshtra police..... What's about it????
Pahle 3k me double cylinder connection aa jata tha. Av 5900 me ata he. Mummy bolti he 2 cylinder ek saal chalalo. Kam use karo
Great sir well explained
A million thanks! 
Very useful this lesson
Happy Republic day Khalistan
its really very nice 
kindly use the term in english when u taking it for presentation  so tht presenting in hindi with some literal basic things to be expressed with word english
St two decades.. Afghans badly need assistance from world community
But he will probably need to wear a disguise nahin toh Chitra Tripathi waala haal hoga.
Farmer protest Delhi chlo, Lakhimpur aao
Corona virus is a joke until you get infected..
Even anchor can't explain the bill...
Sale chutiye. Neta bhi bade hotel me rehte he or public sadako par.pehle bolta he kisan neta mehenge hotel me reh rahe  he.phir kehta he hotel bill free ho gua
violence from a few idiots has undermined the farmers cause. hope this does not give the govt an excuse to go ahead with the bill
Bjp is commenting whatever they want then why not farmers says about government
While I have great respect for the farmers, I have a few questions for them. Currently, farmers are a completely pampered lot, who pretty much get everything free of cost. Electricity - free. Water - free. Loans - at no interest and waivers in case of poor output. Income tax - waived. On top of all this, they want minimum price guarantee. So, my questions are as follows:
Deep Sidhu (BJP Agent) provoked farmers in doing this. Why can't govt book a case against him because he is bJP men in farmers protest to spoil farmers peaceful protest. This was all planted to destroy the farmer's agitation.
Rich Farmers of two states got to decide the fate of poor farmers across India. That's exactly how a democracy should work, right?
Dont believe those dramas lol
Good...all khalistanis + pesudo seculars + fake farmers are now puzzled what to do next. PM Modi ne hawa nikaal di inn 2 paise bikao logo ki.
Wow  so fake
This shil tikket amd his company will not stop until they get focus and election ticket.... Salute to our army who has suffered the most but never became part of politics....
Such bills does not require standing committe recommendations.
Hare Krishna Everybody n
Sabse zyada tho news readers ne bhot hi zyada spoil kiya tha farmers ko.
If only 6% hold such a large  it also means maximum of them are big traders or farmers. They buy from the small farmers as a result they accumulated large portion of paddy. On selling them through MSP they get the main benefits that's why only 6% constitute such a huge proportion.
well see in between ,poorhe fattah Hua Sarkar ko. just like mad dogs is the behavior of Delhi Police.
STOP MISrepresenting truth!
Repeal of agricultural laws is a strategic move by BJP.  80% Indian farmers who did not participate in the year long agitation seemingly didn't hate the bills.
The central government is responsible for the violence in Delhi..
*extortionate interest rates and very little seller protection for farmers, forcing them to take out large debts that they cannot repay, leading to mass suicide 
Only for bjp
Thanks for great reporting
Tum channel wale modi ke chamche ho
international price of the goods. After 2010 the minimum support price 
Amit Shah on nv 2021 : we have repealed it ! 
The grate example of unity in present India love you India 
I hope Sadhguru supports them.
Families were already in shock  thus pushing them against the wall was authorised by Govt. of RSS(.)
Thanks for your help only few news channel's are showing reality
Pakistan needs a good lesson to be taught, now !
Deep sidhu is your brother.
Farmers are a pride Of india sharam ani chaiye apko kisan ke sath asa krtey hue
Follow Prashant Mavani on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/PrashantTMavani/
Pappu and his jokers party
a. If agriculture as a profession is so unviable, why are they even doing that? Why not do something else?
Please realize yourself 
Kabhie toh sach dikhaaya Karo ...its totally different ground reality ...so disappointed with u ABP ...shame on you
Godi Media Is The Worst 
You need to get the right person as your correspondend in India. The views and things shows over here are far leftist and don't show the other side of the coin.  This isn't the right way to show India #ComeOnVice
Im standing with these farmers, they dont have any weapons and they are suppressed by the modi government. Water cannons and tear gas should not be used...
Hahaha when Obama came to the power things are changing so rapidly farmers protest is just beginning India will be suffer if you guys doesn't take things consciously.
fake news
DK? DMK? ADMK? Congress? Communists?
He is the culprit who invent aap party  witch is freebees party 
Happy republic day 
Travesty of fate. 
 no restriction. It is upto local government to  charge needed cess or 
State has no authority to charge any tax /cess or other words which related to this from private market! Pls correct it!
Much Needed laws I don't know , why it's impossible  to bring any reform  without  bloodshed
The above concept is quite interesting where the govt need to understand this demand  rather than keeping away themselves from the farmer , as they believe that they opened the channel for the meet between farmer and buyer..
Stop producing food for 6 months, then they will learn how to treat the farmers. Starve this AIS officer.
Be short & specific  !!
You want onion at 20 per kg but also want to pay farmer 50 per kg. This is just bullshit with your useless opinions. Either reduce dependency on farming or just watch devastation.
God has given power to NaMoji how to tackle  with people who want unrest in Bharat by hook or crook Modiji is only solution to make India proud and true patriotic Modiji ka dimag Shri Ram khud chalate hai Jai Hind
Farmer sows the seed. Bible is the seed God jesus sowed n satisfied our soul. C " Bible' in google!'..
Now Farmers Are Terrorists  ? Wah Modi Wah
kisan knows when to crush snake's head. They are doing the exact thing here by controlling the uncontrolled driver.
The reforms Bharat really needs is in farming sector and judiciary
If they had to set up a select committee to review the bills, the time limit of 6 months for an ordinance to be passed in the parliament would have expired, thereby lapsing the bill.
I think Govt insulted the real Farmers who did not take part in this agitation.
We want a hindi movie on farmers protest.
Sikh nation are very peacefull..indian Govt are looks like terrirest...
These are khalistani not former
It's very sad , govt must remove black rule's
Oh my God   I am  crying  pls save our farmers. This cold weather  water canyon. No humanity
Only loss is of middle men
0:30 this guy almost forgot after 700!!!!!!!! after the 700 heard this they died again.
Full support Strong support from Indian Muslims to our sikh brothers and farmers from all over India 
Terrorism by yogi police
Keep voting for saffron
For socialist minded people, free market economy is difficult to understand. Why US is a leading country in the world? Because big corporates is taking care of each sectors of economy. Even communist country like China is more capitalist than our brainwashed socialists in India. What a pity...
Who heared Congress party jindabad
Black day for real farmers
What ajit doval said is proved now.. 
he is behaving like Kangana ranut.. he asking for BJP ticket from his grave ..
Easy job. If you see BJP dont and cant involve in such Corporate 
Modi got big alliance with election commission, so he no need to worry
ham afgani nhi hai jo darr krr bhagge ge we are Sikhs we always stood for country . we will fight to get Freedom of our country from bad politics, inflation and other problems.
NDTV news channel is best and truth in India
Shame on india government
Pakistan/ Congress party is Supporting the farmer protest *
Relaince, More or Spencers or Big basket have their farm lands and supply vegetables and fruits at low in their marts fresh and quality. Hence these agriculture bills not for benefit to Indian marts. I think its international supply chain management. Mostly to Indonesia or EastAfrica or Iran or Iraq. Modi's interest always exterior regions where people under run of NGOs. Whether doing for good for them but blaming Indians are all rich farmers.
Just chill .
I also urge people not to hold all of India and all Hindus at fault for what is happening in Delhi, we can only be held accountable for our WORDS and ACTIONS and NEVER our beliefs. I love my Hindu brothers and sisters and there are many fighting with us against this oppressive regime, we are all brothers and sisters in Humanity. I still love India and will fight for what it used to stand for. The Sikhs have saved India from countless external invaders and now must fight against the internal fascists. Jai Hind. WJKK WJKF.
Agar unko ye problem he ke media real issue nei show kr ra to ye puri such baat bhe nei he so stop playing victim card and rally me khalistani flags khulle aam udd rahe he to bakio ko itni se bhe samaj nei he ke ye chiz galat he ya ye chiz se galat message send ho ra he? M not denying the fact m just keeping my questions and facts too just like farmers
vWe have to know that anti-farmer sentiment was being spread among people for decades. It is not a new phenomenon. The very gruse against farmers emanates from the Bureaucrats. These Bureaucrats claim that farmers do not pay taxes. And government officials have been paying taxes compulsorily because their salaries are paid publicly. 
Why this repeal before elections  Is it for political gain. Politicians are working for their own selfish gain rather than for country. Let them do agri reforms  by democratic means rather than by arrogancy of  authority rule.
I don't have any positivity or negativity on this bill but I don't see farmers from rest of Indian states are protesting
Please report this vedio as fake and ethically wrong. Media members spreaing Hate speech like this should be banned and punished by law. 
Thts a perfect n unbiased report @ newslaundry something which Indians deserve
what is happening in chhattisgarh ?
functioning . . New farm laws gave small farmers an opportunity to 
By self proclaiming yourself to daughter of India
We could see the truth
Total Cost to US is = 2 to 3 Million /Month.
If corporate says I dont want to take tomato @20 then what farmer will do. Where as mandis  will get abolished in few years. Ubr talking about onion  what if only corporate hold the entire stock they will be able to manipulate price and supply  since they are the one who got stock.   MSP  is required as once again there will be monopoly.
So, was this a legalized protest? Like, were they allowed to protest there, on that road? If not, then this is whack. If it is, that son is in for big trouble.
Well done Tradeau  showing empathy and rights of people by holding india accountable.
Seems Shekhar Gupta has also become Goodi media, although many of us started paying for genuine reporting
Bjp has also become like Khangress 
no GMO  SUPPORT FARMERS land back
                Those who call themselves farmers do politics
Biased explanation.. negative s and positives should be presented adequately. But I hv seen more of positives..
What about labour changes...in fervour of company..
Now farmers should move to Delhi Parliament and India gate Lal Qila
One Takes care of the Food
Le* Keyboard fighters(who don't know anything but want to speak against our government for literally any rule/policy):-writing from their bed "WE ARE FARMERS WE ARE SON OF FARMERS"....
B B C News jindabad
Should keep going .. farmer don't starve .. you do..
Man why dont you just talk in Punjabi or Hindi if youre struggling so much in English
Firs Modi destroyed economy with note bandi, then Modi destroyed small businesses with GST, now Modi try to destroy farmers with these bills. With these bills big businessmen like Adnany, Abany, Tata, Birla will be able to  buy crops at lowest prices  because farmers don't have logistics or resources to sell there crops to any one besides these big  companies, and these companies will buy at lowest cost and store the crops to sell it when demand at it peak, and these companies will export the crops to international markets that will cause food shortage in India, and common people will suffer. The big companies  benefited from GST  became the small could not stay in business, and now that business is gone to Abany and Adnany. Labour class got  destroyed with note bandi.
Biggest problem in India is illiteracy.  People really don't understand what they are protesting for... In a plain English, this bill take out middle man and now farmer can sell their products directly end consumer, which earn them more money, still they are protesting.  It's nothing but utter stupidity.  This is my observation, Modi government will do everything to help people, if they can understand.
Delhi ppl most powerful and most luckiest 
Not Farmers. Agents. Who is bithered of agents like Tikait ? Fuc....ers. Should put them behind bars .
Spit on that Pheku 's face 
Good CM for haryana
Justice for farmers
 anchor           
Rakesh Docait dogla hai
2:34 your "reaserchers" are idiots if they think paddy and wheat isn't the major produce of punjab
You gave president palace on rental you have nothing even your ass of course you gave it on rental to Chinese long back.
*to demand and supply dono bdaw.... 
should have been better had he not done the over action... too much of over action.. unable to see him through the video... crap
Stop showing them victims.come to punjab nd see their real faces
THANK YOU LALANTOP THIS DOCUMENTARY AND ANDOLAN IS A HISTORY NOW.     WILL BE REMEMBER FOR YEARS TO COME.
Absolutely right sir. Salute .
So farm bill was good... ... I thought it was bad
I rate Modi not less than Shivaji Maharaj, Modi is taking diverse linguistic, casteist and regions of divided India of 21st century. At the time of Shivaji, he had all powers to eliminate such opposing mindset, where as Modi is tolerant enough aspersions in democratic India 
Tikat is criminals
JANATHA,  DIKAYA, GUSSA,  2 DIN PEHELA.  THO. YE SAMAJGAYA.
Wvhat ever happened is heartbreaking.. but you are not doing anchoring news hour agenda. rather news hour propaganda for BJP  shame on you shameless
Current subscribers 26 how much can i get?
This Maan guy seems sensible. He is the kind of person who should be in the forefront representing punjab and haryana.
Tap on a clip to paste it in the text box.Tap on a clip to paste it in the text box.Tap on a clip to paste it in the text box.Tap on a clip to paste it in the text box.Touch and hold a clip to pin it. Unpinned clips will be deleted after 1 hour.
I have conducted audit of nafed
Shame on media
Police why spank stick year 2020 before to after stick farm public fight vs police stick
ask her rate she will reply soon
Whats the deal with French/Belgians farmers, protesting and milk? Its always the friggin milk!
Gand phatgayi toh withdraw kardiya. Spineless idiots
#StandwithFarmers from Ladakh 
Farmer leaders strategically wanted this to happen to malign BJP govt
Ajay mishra you will be fired
Now people are feedup the way he used to speak.Bore from  his pet dialogue bazao tali because he is not at all responsible and sensible person.Always think he is super which he is not at all.
What happened to the sacrifice of COP Keating... Man if you were gonna retreat why did you even go!
I think these laws are very important for the country.  Middlemen must go. They are reaping the benefits of MSP, not the smal  and marginal farmers.
Only 1
Congress main Lagta hai iss se sab darte hain
CONGRATULATIONS EVERYONE WHO SUPPORTED THESE PEOPLE YOU WON
Modi bjp will not get votes even if withdrawal  of three black bills modi bjp has lost it's credibility in India bjp a failure party and modi is a nonsense pm of india
Mr Shekhar Gupta you are misleading now by putting this heading 'Govt. lost". Will you please correct yourself now after the debate in Rajya Sabha and loksabha and the reply of PM?
Keep fighting and stay patient 
Thank you Sir.. Very nice explanation Sir..
establish trade relations with iran..they are much more reliable than this uncivilised buffoons.
Have some shame, useless news channel. You seem like some sort of puppet at the hands of your master.
Finally they are called kissan now
Very well explained in details Sir...  Thanks a lot for making such a great video's..
The ones down are allowed to do anything as they are unimportant(their deeds are energetically so low that they do not create any imprint on being of universe) and the ones up are allowed to do anything because they have transcended importance(they i.e. Gods are united with immaterial order of things that turns certain things worthwhile and others useless). 
These are not farmers but khalistanis in disguise
 scientist, teachers,doctors
Lagta hai up ka election declare hone wala hai isiliye jaldi hai govt. Ko.
The death/harassment of farmers & workers  due to protesting against Agro black laws and the behavior of NDA Rulers towards the people of its own country should also be condemned strongly by raising demand for dismissal of NDA SARKAR.
Adolan tha ki picnic tha 
Finally communalism lost...Its win for democracy
He is not even a human to trivialize the human deaths. He is not the minister but monster with such an ideology and look at the morons and creeps beside him !!! They are laughing!!!
No farmers No food
Pls while speaking use pauses wherever necessary
They r not farmer ..now farmer in doing their job .they r anti social
Thank u so much sir ....jai jwan jai kisan .....go to hell Modi nd godi media ...sir aap ne sach me ek ek baat bht bdiya way se btaee hai ...sach me aisa hi hua tha meri family baithi rhi thi waha...proud of u sir ...lots of love 
Me first 
Sir plz bring more such videos for current affairs topics.Thankyou for this video.
"Your small contribution will be farmers Life Line''
Aaj bhi anaj store kar sakte hai but limit me. I think if informing the stored anaj is compalsary to government. Then it will not benifit corrupt people's as well farmers also inform government about there production.
Its  good move by govt . As election are approaching they have do all these things . They can win next election .
Salary and benefits of all MPs should be reduced to minimum pay . Just like MSP
When Tiger takes a step back, it does not mean it failed or got afraid.
Kya bakwaas hai bina support ke..jooth hai....crap video
Great helpful knowledge
They r saying to accept his mistake manlo not telling him to take blame public is not a fool after seeing modis acts this pandemic now no matter wat noone will fall for lies
When china comes india will run to the sikhs 
VIVE LA FRANCE ICI POLOGNE
Fake guy not trustworthy and manipulates things to get his way at times of election.
Ye pahle se hi company karte hai
If thre is any confusion why can't govt pass a rule on conditional basis.. monitor how it works n be flexible to make changes.  Cz clearly current system is not helping if farmers are in distress.
Fight Moga CITY POLICE GIRL  ON BUS STAND
Shoot all anti national terrorists fake farmers leaders.
are playing and make yourself educated on whatshappening with and around
Very good explanation tq
Godi media, showing Yogi advertising while showing farmer protest. Shame on you aj tak.
 rip om Shanti
The standup part is way beyond satire 
with the internet, i don't think the smaller farmers should worry too much.
Selling whole country to them from Airport's , Ports ., Electricity Roads Fuel etc and now land to control food supplies.
Once rate fixed, the contractor might take 300% profit, as those commodities are long shelves store capacity,  why they exculde potatos, etc... Which is short term in storage. Any how all this we the people have to bear the cost effect by trade contractors. Might be contractors are reliance,  jio markets. etc....
Treasury bench is disrupting while opposition wants discussion..
Problem is when u are lenient the protestors go on the rampage . When u take precautions then the media goes ballistic 
In 2014 god make me pm to help farmers comedy of the year
People on this page praising the Farmer's victory without realising the nuances of Indian Politics. Typically the idiots at the BBC wouldn't miss out on an opportunity to critic PM Modi. FYI only the leftist and Islamist eco system in India places the BBC on a peddle stool whereas the majority deem it a relic or outdated entity like the Labour Party.
All politics is bad politics .. godi media has just added dirt to exaggerate everything and keep public confused..
CHADUNI  TERE BHI BAND BAJEN WALI HAY
Maam u forgot few points
Well explained sir
The greatest leader ever possible for India, by india, dedicated to India ..I salute my PM ..dearest PM MODI ..we all love you .
5. All the means of publicity, newspapers, magazines were devoted to publicise Hitler
Is Desh ka kuch nahi ho sakta. One step forward three back...   No wonder all want to leave and live abroad.
very well explained! Just one suggestion, at the start when you mentioned that the govt provides msp for more than 20 crops, you should have stated the exact number (23). Looking forward for more :)
BJP only wants Satta... Nothing else
It's the start of end of bjp
Supply chain, cold chain, NEW jobs, NEW Technologies, NEW Research, CLEAN business, NO middle-men, Revitalization of Indian Rivers, much more far reaching effects on economy than PVN Rao's 1991-1992 economic reforms.  Actually much more!  Some OLD parties of India hate transformation!
But farmers are NATIONALIST 
One other question nobody has answered is why only Punjab, Haryana and a part of UP farmers are agitating. Why not in Bengal where the TMC is strong or in Maharashtra or in TN where the people chant all the time "Go Back Modi"??  There is no traction at all in TN, Karnataka, Kerala (where again BJP has zero presence) or in AP. Why?
There will  never be any agricultural reform in india because it is a sector that is heavily politicised.
Coorperate ownership of land is the major problem
Sad govt can not pass laws interest of the mass. Even supreme court blind eye. Pretty things like carona compensation they remind. Farm laws, caa, corruption, waste, river management, etc not bothered. God only should save this country
There is a mule smile on the lips
Ridiculous.....you guys are covering Yogendra Yadav
Covid waiting for your arrival at delhi border.
Good 5 rich same
Modi is a fascist and Hindu nationalist Sikhs Muslims and all minority under threat in Modis new India
The Anandpur Da Matta is in writing and the Government of India would benefit from making it law and then wait for UN to arrive for the whole map of India and it's radical to change next year. There will be no Congress elections in Punjab as EVM will be own up to shreds permanently 
Ar ganisthan publice 
All Medicines are fake
Some Indians are think Justin Trudeau is support khalistan movement  but this is not true because not only khalistan movement  active in India and more then eleven sepratiest movements are active in India like movement of Christians in nagaland in India, Asam, manipur etc
My heartly condolence to farmers
Modiji tactic,for election. Don't vote modiji Sarkar. Please vote Amadmi Party
Kill all these bogus farmer dogs
TO TUM SAB JEET NA PAOGE 
INC - I NEED COMMISSION
Both countries need a Diplomatic meet
These People are Provoked to create Nonsense which can lead to Major Issue... This Protest is Well orchestrated by anti- nationals & Non-Bjp political parties
Taliban won and congratulations 
5. They think if Adthi will not lend money if they are side out by the companies, but their primary business is lending, still can lend the money for the marriages or any health issues by depositing their documents to them as usual.
Pappu never wants to become a true leader.
The clauses of the contract farming act seem to be written in a way to attract private players to the farming sector. That may be fair from the government's perspective. They too need to be encouraged into participation. But farmers have their own apprehensions. So: to allay the fears of the farmers, the farm laws can be tried in a few pilot states? If the experiment succeeds then the model can be replicated to the rest of India. 
BJP is not going to get any additional votes by repealing Farm laws.
My opinion is that India  government is too weak. In any other country, Tanks would have taken care of these Khalistanis
No this is not a true government after death of 750 farmers the Modi govt has been repealed the bill and all the farmers are dying because of this govt think about it all time Modi is not true
They have not included women at all!
India can only bully it's own citizens.
And the way Afghan forces surrendered and ran away shows that this would have been the result when ever US would have decided to leave.
Wow, what a beautiful sight
Why he merge this name to Assadudin OWISI he's loyal to his country INDIA
Thx for reporting 
Sir forgot to talk about the machine "aaloo to sona converting machine"". 
Very good farmers 
Fear factor and assumption is killing the farmer.
Awesome, awesome & thoroughly awesome 
They shud be disbanded...along with that... All Muslim Organizations,  RSS, ABVP, Shiv Sena Too... law and Order is the matter of Police and Millitary alone.. why do civilians have weapons?? That's the first mistake....
there is no MSP in dairy industry , there is no monopoly  there , it is privatised
All farmers dues should be cleared in 2 weeks. this will boost the economy.
Can someone not get that asholed address and get him cornered
You sound absolutely like Amir Khan 
Go Punjabi's Go! you are the best!
I support Haryana police
South farmer # unity# true India
But why will NDA do such a thing .....its an honest govt
coming!loop. Nnpp
I am the way; I am the truth and I am life; no one comes to the Father except by me. If you knew me you would know my Father too.  (John 14: 6-7) 
THEY THEMSELF HAVE NO FEAR OF THE LAW THEY ARE SUPPOSED TO IMPLEMENT
They are stunned and do not know how to react. They suspect a Modi trick on the offing.
Supreme Court pet dog of modi
Being proud of famers for their courage and persistence.
How innocent our farmers are, still they believe on these liars. Just because of election playing big game and farmers are in their trap.
Instead of govt the criminals must pay  the compensation to suffering farmers or the criminals must be hand over to their families.
Very sad for Afghanistan
developement will loose around 15000 millions  (1500 crores) indian 
Shame on you
Ashu gas Nahin Goli chalane chahie thi
Koi bhi daru pike nahi aaye parade main hungama karne so please Delhi police should do alcohol breath test of all coming in to Delhi
What good socialism from 1948 to 1990 did in India??? This rich Socialist dont love the poor they just Hate the hard working rich (not the Cornies).
incredible
Great pm ,but chutiya public in india
Our AP state distroing by YS JAGAN Govt ruling.
Well planned by delhi ploice ...ploice take late actions why ????
But some opposition leader and khalistani motivated group is running the whole scenario...
THIS IS ANTI INDIA GAME FROM CONGRESS N FORIEGN POWERS NOT FARMERS.
Good job. Superfast kaam hone chahiye
What an unfortunate era to be in.
Just look how Tariq fateh says Doha meetings were fraud and it was just business. Just like Tariq Fateh is doing business.
Dont believe peaceful farmers pelted stones .it is staged. Car bomb is murderer . Uttar Pradesh minister speech is the cause
We stand with our farmers 
_UK to create 4-month stockpiles of protective equipment for health, social care workers_
Good luck Aruna aloevera YouTube
Are they reallly a farmers it is all orchestrated
These idiots are shouting from both the sides.
All iniquity shall be remembered no more.
Still getting the booty 
Sir please support and join our twitter campaign #sscsteno2018result on 10 October...
Superb explanation,even layman also can understand the contents.
RAJESH TIKAITH DOESN'T HAVE THAT MUCH GUTS TO JOIN A PARTY AND FIGHT AGAINST BJP
I don't trust him yet. He lied so many times before. It's just an announcement of saying he will but not legally done yet.
Very well explained 
Don't insult Indian daughter.
Only news24 kisan andolan cover hai very proud of you....
I will ask bjp to take strictly actions on this kissan andolan. Tikait is a devil. After seeing the video I feel central government should took strictly with these so called kisan
& That businessman will sell the same product to that same government store.. 
Who creates your thumbnails? Almost every single time there's at least one spelling mistake. This time it's PROTERTERS instead of PROTESTERS
Ravish Kumar ji god bless you but be careful. 40 journalist killed in india in last 5 years  thats a data it will be more than that  including Gauri lankesh
Please explain
Also you need to clear who is going to pay the tax to gov. As far as i know they are not farmers who paid the tax.
Sir, I am not a farmer but I support Kisan Aandolan.
2022 Is Ahead 
U can do some other things life to make money what u godi media doing destroying country and citizens hope u will realise soon
Industry is allowed scale , it is given finances and even then it is provided protection from international competition in the form of anti-dumping duty
This students don't know anything about the anti farmers facts in the farmers bills same like Rakesh Tikait and others don't know anything about the anti farmers facts in the farmers bills...
Worst Explanation
Children in India recite poems in streets, such endurance and courage should be applauded! China will learn more from these lovely Indians, they are so marvellous and hilarious!
I pray God for the farmers, I pray for their victory...while the bbc commentator sits in her comfy chair, in her comfy studio, with her make up artist in the wing, lecturing an honest man, fighting for decent workers rights...unbelievable
The government will now step up and spread it's vicious tentacles to make the lives of the farmers miserable.  Alas!
Yeh 2ra tha phle CAA waala tha aur jitne protest krlo sbko khilaf hi bolenge chahe teachers chahe doctors jinke liye taali aur thali baji hai. Koi bhi protest koi bhi jo bjp me ho kbhi news, bjp party kbhi bhi use support nhi krenge na shi bolenge
govt I think must do unlawful act against kisans thats why internet is banned
Godhi channel ANCHORS are Joker's. Paste. As Always Great Anchoring.
Its ITC .. For dairy its Amul .. Amul is actually a success story .. 
Don't fall for this haramkhor of antinational
Service mei
Modis change means Privatising everything owned by govts by peoples money and selling it to Corporates for pennies to Adani/Ambani!!!  And then having their money elect him forever!!!!!
Pm modiji should wake..... shame ..... Dear modiji please solve the issue .... Digital India is facing food shortage..... otherwise farmers will teach a good lesson
Vice is very poor
Please openly speak against Agenda 21, SDG 2030, WEF, on whose agenda Indian government is working.
This is dumb. This is why u don't put ppl like them in power. They want to live and stay in the stone ages there no changing them. They are hypocrites so they dress, act, Walk from the stones ages including not letting women get with the times yet Talban uses cell phones, media like Twitter.  Hypocrites
Here we can witness the fact that members of the rulling party always node their heads to every right and every wrong. When the bills are to passed they all agreed. Now when the bills are to repealed, all of them agreed to repeal without any objections.
Next parliament election congress party only 10 seats.samajwadi clean
This useless Union Government should be taught a lesson...
Any BJP bhakt want to justify this?
Congi sponsered violence
As per godi media logic Guardian is foreign press and should not comment on our internal matters. We are recovering from foreign forces like Rihanna tweeting and Godi media is having sleepless nights since Mia Khalifa tweeted
Divyanshi if that's your real name . Shame on you and shame on Godi media sach na dikhane ki liye. Yeh kaun sa crowd tha jiski help police wale kar rahe hain? Yeh modi ke gunde the aur yeh police ki dress mein bhi modi ke gunde hai jo mil kar ek Sikh Ranjeet sikh ko mil kar itni behremhi se Peet rahe hai. And that Ranjeet Singh is only 22 years old jisko 19 police wale and 6 modi's gangster maar rahe hain. SHAME ON YOU DIVYANSHI (IF it's your real name)
We don't need any work
Excellent way of representation,,
Why doesnt India import to Africa and improve its economy
General dyer aa gae.this time made in  India
Brave farmers bring down BJP goverment.
Please juth mt bolo...
SDM need punishment as per Law.
godi media is trying to derail from whole event ..
Good example given
Shame on modi and his police
Pakistan is transferring money to Canadian Khalistani organization and where they both collect money and transfer in india for protest as well as in india, money is collected from opposition party, middleman,anti aliment muslim, khalistani sikh.
First devendra sharma rural America not suicide cause farm. But drugs. Farmers do bankruptcy but who not handles right as business. America farmers wealthy not poor and America farm depend on export not all domestic use. India most domestic use. Situation different then America n Europe.  Talk about bihar yes no mandi but state got.neglect on farm infrastructure  .this bill not kill mandi but expend choice for farmers. I like to sell direct to consumers or buy direct from farms thatway both benefits. This bill will empower farmers . Enough suicide of farmers in India.
The word ' middleman ' is Being criminalized throughout decade. Every educated nuts like us and also our policymakers Don't know what crucial role a middleman plays in supply chain and how deeply and logically farmers are dependent on them. They are not just money grabbers what most of us think. The price gap of a product between Farm gate and retail price is not just middleman's profit. Most of it is the cost of providing services and wastage of produce throughout the process because of inefficient supply chain.
Juth to kitna acha bolte ho
Minimum Support price of essential commodities is important because govt needs to maintain the rationing system of food grains for BPL card holders.
Nice work.But sir aap poora acche tarike se explain nahi kar rahe hai.Aap advantage or disadvantage bhi bataiye...Pls...Baki isko chodkar aapka explanation achaa h...
Good farmers
Respect to Farmers 
the people reading this:
3.have to carry national flag
Who the f*uk will compensate the farmers whose lives were lost in this protest, that they were forced to do, due to ridiculous laws passed when the parliament wasn't functioning. Who will compensate families who lost their members, protesting in Delhi? These laws weren't ever discussed and debated and were passed in a hurry to provide a ready market for exploitation by big corporations run by Adani and Ambani. Modi you are doing this too late and due to politics, because elections are coming up in Punjab and BJP was sure to loose there as well.
Doctors should not risk their life treating this farmer protestors.
*The fight is between Canada/UK Sikh Leaders & local Punjab Sikh Leaders. Local Punjab Sikh leaders are losing to their foreign counter part. Foreign Sikhs hv more money and can manipulate the local Sikh. SAD, Navjots, Badals,....the so call local Sikh Leaders (the Jokers) play the Muslum & Hindu card*
Very good interview. Well done Ajit Anjum ji and well answered Sanjay  Singh ji
Farmer's  leaders  lost their  identity  by these 3 bills benefited  to farmers M.S.P must be announced  as early  done
Acchi script lekthe h zee news
We are in the state of dictatorship..... Narendra modi is ideologically following Nazis in Germany
Wrong decision
Pilgrims gathering is banned due to spread of covid.
This is pure politics right here, it is very obvious. Look at the timing, just months before UP elections.
Arain cast Arain Pakistan
Fans of the channel are disliking its own video. Wow Idiots wow...
DALAL CHANEL
Enough of the Kisan courtesy. I buy my food, you don't feed us for free. 
sir msp and procurement price ka difference kya hai
When our fishermen were fired, they still called Sri Lanka, a friendly nation.
All India  Farmers unity zindabad
I would also share one view.. It's government's duty to take care of APMC, like u mentioned salary, roads, maintenance etc. If they don't get tax from farmers they would still be functional from government. They have a budget for all this. 
Long live the farmers' unity!
1. (c) AMIS founded by G20 in 2k11.
Indian Government is killing farmers. 600 farmers died on the outskirts of New Delhi.
U bloody gunda Delhi police firing tear gas, u fire against yourselves. These farmers are feeding us not these bloody private companies and Gautam Adani are chor.
One side an economist another side a political sentiment.
Farmer's Friends Tractors  March. Thumbs-up   
As UP & prime stats elections are near, the ruling party will oblidge & give anything in written letters. So the Farmers & their leaders to be cautious on elections by voting out this present Goverment. 
Matlab funding fir hua hai
Besharm reoprter
Need to reply to bjp in votes
You are showing old clips as farmers are holding tricolour and you are defaming Farmers
British neocolonial powers are behind these destructive laws against farmers.
Hi.This is Prakash as you know, who said
one of the best videos on farm bill.....may this video be watched  by whole india  ,so that the three bills be passed...thank you vikas sir for educating india and creating  social awareness..
MSP procurement happens in 23 States for paddy and 12 States for Wheat and It is the ignorance of Tikait and his paid leaders. In other commodities marketable surplus is not there. SKM is not demanding inclusion of Maize. (in Bihar & MP), Jowar (MH), Bajra (Rajasthan), Mandua (Uttrakahand) in PDS system bcoz it will affect the procurement of wheat and paddy in Haryana and Punjab.
Victory of Rihana, Greta tumberg, mia Khalifa () and Canada innocent farmers 
Well come to india andbakht bjp ko hatane k liye
10. You talk about positive news but fact is(quoted by niyu) you just want to show things which are aligned with your ideologies and government
Modi is not will become PM in 2024 fix my words.and this work will do Hindus only.
The mafia apprehends the government  is trying to plug the drain hole. It has to be. The old system will go off as farmers start using more efficient avenues.
This is a well thought move. 
One aided explanation
1. Boris Johnson weird Indo Pak reply for farmer protest tabled by MP , thus becomes subsequent guest at Republic day hints at post brexit sell off of farmers by Modi for British rejuvenation !
No Farmer, No Food
What is the difference between them and Islamists !!
The nation should apologize to them for not hearing them for about one year. The nation should also pay tribute to all those farmers who lost life during this time and  their families should be provided with good financial assistance. The nation witnessed a lot of atrocities against them.
Thank you Sir for this Video.. helpful for understanding present scenario ..
Please DO NOT SAY HAPPY RE-PUBLIC DAY........are you aware of GROUND Reality.
These were good laws. This is one of the weaknesses of democracy. If you want India develop you need a market economy and free-trade. This regulatory protectionist mess that is the Indian economy has been a total disaster and that is why China is beating India and Indian economy is still smaller than UKs even thou UK has a tiny fraction of Indias population
Politics is a multimillion business.
He has said "break their head"
How farmers commit suicide due to less income. But when the government brings a bill to increase their income, they protest.
Election far v haruga 
Jee news balo ko kya ho gya h real news show kro
In what way Canada has anything to do with India internal matter ?
Jumla to win elections
We strongly support our farmers 
This is hell what other examples we need to prove that we are living in hell
This is just a Gimmick, only taken with upcoming election in UP and other states in mind. Modi can never be trusted. If BJP wins in UP, they will take revenge on farmers for pushing them to repeal the law.
This guy has 2 faces
Arnab doesn't love india he loves 
Ye sirf up election ki bajhe se h
Why they repealed, because of election results.
As long as Central govt does not collude with Private companies i think these reforms are good for Farmers freedom.
THIS IS I
Love from Assam . We stand together shoulder to shoulder against this anti - farmer , anti - Indigenous peoples Government . Proud to be from the same country as our Punjabi Brothers and sisters.
Protest is OK but beating badly to police officers is NOT OK 
No one else taken the cognizance of injured KISAN
Sahi huya because rajnitik chal rahe they
We need reforms.
Fake media company no truth no trust no honesty.
Protesting is a right. Make  sure the anti nationals  arent using you . Not even farmers are above the nation.
This is how interviews must be conducted. Listen to people more and don't run your own agenda.
I dont think that is the most important issue here....
Watching after scraping of bill,
     8     RSS          g.m. power         RSS BJP               t.v. 
Lallalntop is Dallantop now 
modi has already sold major part of india to ambani, Adani.
They are not farmers. They are brokers and paid political activists. The media is projecting them as farmers. There nearly 700 million farmers in India. Why are not everyone protesting? The so called protesters are funded by politicians who are used to fleecing the agricultural markets. Does any developed country has the commission agent system?
[a] world food programme
India needs to take care of its farmers. They are dying because of psychopathy of the Modhi regime. Also India needs to respect women and girls because child rape is rife. Another problem is the caste system. India needs to abolish the caste system as it's discriminatory to the Dalit populations. Another problem India has is the open defecation cultural habit which causes virus like the Delta variant.
Ye 'kuch' word boht chubta h unko, jo apni family se door protest mein lge hue the, just bcs of ur nonsensible bills.' Kuch' mein bihar, haryana, punjab,, Uttar Pradesh, rajasthan, Kerela shaamil hain, and these r the major food producing regions of the country. Think of urself, how blank u r. Govt. Jobs ko private mein convert kr rhe ho,  bechare login ko kitni difficulty face krni hogi, jo raat raat bhar preparations krte h, jinke parents ka yhi dream h ki unka bachcha govt. Job leke apni life ko comfortably spend kreee.
bullshit. A government operation
DELHI POLICE SHOULD DO ALCOHOL BREATH TEST OF ALL THE PEOPLE GOING IN THE KISAN PARADE SO THAT THERE IS NO DRUNK DRIVING.. AND THIS IS THE RIGHT OF DELHI POLICE..
INHONE HAMARA SIR JHUKA DIYA JAI HIND
bold n brave leader...ch.Rakesh singh tikait
They're not farmers but anti social elements 
Media is just a nonsense. Just taking  government's side.
Sir dont be pessimistic you sir very soon coming that time everyone   Indians understanding your dedication for our country because we always respect you and warship you from our core heart god bless you and natures blessings always with you and all the true Indians blessings with you dont worry you only go ahead and do good good work for victims and poor peoples 
use of hathora for destrying the nokils the security force put here on road
The Great Liar Modi is working the policy "Heads I win tails you lose"
Because of the socialist and fearmongers like you samdish ...india can never grow. Every fuckin sensible and leadin agronomist and agriculture expert supports the bill.....even sendible liberals supprts the bill (shekhar gupta) ...but fucks like u continue to support the same left and socialist policy which fucked the country's growth for decades
Thanks sir  
You guys are great in monologues , need to work on , questions, listening ability,
Shook whole world but couldn't shake Indian govt , shows how resilient Indian democracy and govt is !!
We people of Tamilnadu want those law to be implemented so that Agriculture industry grow higher
A option
BBC legitimising the Taliban..it doesn't matter we are under the jackboot
Fun fact- this is just trailer for government
Your greatness will pay you back 
Threw police from red fort. Police men  are our people. Not enemy.
Plz explain in english
Why is Supreme Court closing its eyes now?
Why police not support KISSAN, you well know BJP full of corrupt politicians
This video is amazing, you made the farm bill  controversy extremely clear.
If enough individuals can be bought by internal and external money misuse any self serving agitation can be done to stall good changes. Population contains enough such individuals and geography is limited. They can fill roads and highways and do violence on common people who have families to take care of 24x7.
Gheraw the Zee News Office if they dont apologize
In long run The repeal of these three agricultural bills will lead to huge loss to farmers. A day will come when farmers will spit on Tikait.
Thanks, the best analysis.
Best wishes from Andhra pradesh
Indians living all over the world want justice for farmers. What breaks my heart is that PM Modi has not once acknowledged the agitation of farmers!!! How can the PM show such a indifference? How can he ignore the agitation going on for months ??? Its just unbelievable and unfair. The central government instead of trying to understand farmers has activated NIA investigation on people who are providing resources to these farmer protesters such as feeding, sanitation and other resources. The government wants to deter these protestors by attacking their support.
Is salute my courageous PM sir...... God may strenthen him forever.......
The event managers planned worse, but got fizzled out. Next time they will take up another emotional  issue... India is a nation of diversity where all hate the other by identity,  and theorwticians like Yadav claim that calling for unity is fascism. Media says talking about national interest as jingoism. Any attempt towards self reliance is labelled as 'protectionism'... taking care of citizen interest is labelled as anti- business, promoting competion is labelled as serving the rich... they have labels for all seasons...
Cotton is occasionally procured on MSP.
Ise khta hai chat bhi mare or pt bhi mare  k bal h iske ankho m 
And one more thing when Delhi people were crying in the past about crime in Delhi , then we should think that you are all lying because you are all singing praises for the same Delhi police. They must be right in all the cases such as rape cases where they didnt do anything ???
Who is here after the three farm laws have been repealed. Kissan andolan zindabad!! , proud of our farmers!!
This govt is arrogant. Period.
Use strong action against them
Shame on khalistani fake farmers
Suspend he hona chahi eh
Q1 when contract farming is already in practice why introduce it through a bill let a state decide whether it  is required or not.
What a poor display of power! Pity on the speaker who does everything to sate the needs of the ruling party. Poor sabhapati ji, very poor!!
People's memory is very short.
Just wait and watch
Thanks sir ...,.
i just wish i could listen her opinions foreveeeeeer on looop.
The reality of ruling party is to take tough decisions and still get elected to rule again. Nobody likes ruling party to take tough decisions because it changes the liberty to do things of many people in the society who would give vote in elections. Hence party who does good work, take tough decisions for the nation never get voted to power again in India. We are basically a dishonest nation to the core. The dishonesty is seen everywhere, we have rules, procedures to do things are basically dishonest they ensure to protect the rule makers even when it encourages corruption in the country. The people are waiting for a liquor bottle to sell their vote, we want every thing free so we want someone else to pay for our expenses. Hence in this country the politicians also need themselves to get elected. So what he will do, save nation and get their opponents elected. This type of wishful thinking is only of TV debaters and speakers.
Totally inhumane..... People still don't want to understand, they r just chanting modi modi... .and it is very painful that media of our country don't want to show reality..
wheguru g charidia kla vich rakhe
Also if the US would have made a phase wise withdrawal rather then just leftover  and run away and could have make sure the legitimate government and military are able to manage on their own, then it can save America from embarrassment and criticism around the world and make America feel sorry. Maybe or not regret a decision but certainly the US needs to acknowledge that a phased withdrawal might have saved Kabul's abrupt collapse, give the Afghan government time to act independently and wage the war on terrorism.  Then the US could also truly justify that this was a war on terrorism and that $3 trillion was invested in it and the lives of soldiers and dollars all the time were not just a waste of time, money and resources.
We don't farm laws our opposition when repealed why did you do it. Also our opposition 
Heres a Real Film/Movie. How will I say that I'm proud to be an Indian if this things still continues. Where's humanity? MK Gandhi I we Miss u.
B j p mukt Bharat bnao yay gddaro Ka giroh h Chor lootere h desh bch giroh h
Demonitisation, NRC and CAA, Farm bills....public ko sataneke naye naye tareeke lekar aatha hai yeh Modu.
Happy Republic Day India.... 
Will same APMC workers tomorrow ask government to remove 42 amendment Preamble in the constitution which was passed 1976 without people of India decision. Congress party should understand it's not British era to let farmer stay poor. Government is passing this law to help farmers who are poor since independence.
Let farmers decide on their own lives, outsiders are too good to get involved in.
Well organised IT cell actively working to defame KISSAN ANDOLAN by using fake IDs.
ARVIND kejrival is a high qualified education leader. We need like this leader.
This government is not going to listen to them we have made our farmers suffer enough
But I don't want him to be a minister not even mla. He deliberately not understood farm bills and used farmers to polish his politics. 
Bhout beautiful song veer ji I feel proud
Brother you are explaining in well mannered ..short time and diagram is very help for understand advantage annd disadvantages of bill
This is called Power of farmers.
With positive Politics for the people as a whole, we will create a new world of Education Work Health Equality Peace Happiness and Harmony with Nature for all. 
Modi is great leader !!!
4. Voice vote is only chosen where 70 percent of members support a bill. This bill did not meet that criteria so voice vote does not apply. However, the chairman decided to go ahead with voice vote and for his ears, it was a yes. Voice vote is not recorded so it's open to controversy.
Farmers not from Pakistan &China
We are all know, whom you are working for. It's BJP.
Give job to 20 crore white colour jobs lost jobs
THAT IS ONLY 6% OF  FARM PRODUCTION OF FARM PRODUCTION   . 
Lebi me commission chal raha hai
Modi is more interested in following instructions from US, not its citizens who voted him.
I hope the farmers never vote for this mad man 
The country hate you Shameless Godi Buddhiya
Twitter h be whatsapp kyun bol raha
Priyanka Gandhi has to take charge herself 
Lesson at what cost. To built as rowdyism of 303 instead giving respect to other 60 voted against RSS BJ6
Join them free food money shelter
Absolute power corrupts absolutely. We all Indians not only bjp's pimps are responsible for this. Even Hitler was also a good orator.
22 Sikhs defeated 10,000 of these religious fanatics ancestors
Murdered by bjp goons ,
Why is the anchor screaming?? Captain is speaking so calmly
0:54 Reality
Farmers didn't block any road,,, it is govt which blocked the roads, use tear gas, lathicharge on the farmers from the starting,...
if it was congress rule now ,history would repeat itself but modi is too kind
Mam first law apne pura clear nhi kiya
thank you bhai
When next andolan for good eduction right to every child?
Many Main stream media houses are a disgrace to journalist ethics and this type of reporting is encouraging the Crimnals to flourish and commit atrocities and even the law enforcers are silent spectators the judiciary has become irrelevant and Tikait type  people are settling crimes across the table in public view.
*I will embolden farmers to become rulers of the world*
The guy running with a sword and the other guy boosting at red fort just shot them
 chahte hain .
FASCISM is an existential philosophy of absolute control, institutionalised culture, centralized state power, majoritarian dictatorship with no scope for contraindications against state barbarism. It is in it's inert form is a MASTER-SLAVE static society wherein slaves shall remain slave generation after generation till the absolute destruction of fascist state by-itself from within by its innate contradictions as to freedom, free speech, free thoughts as against static brainless society. 
The government that dragged so many people into the streets has not yet come and will not come again so let's all unite against this government Everyone has many jobs to pull them all into this
Such a sold media zee
What he saying ..all politics end of the day money wins
Now  it's  only  arrogance of government  which is going  against the will of people  .
Sound is not proper
I still do not understand how this is being called a nation wide protest by Indian farmers.
He is right. Modi has to put nations religion culture and freedom from foreign gandis more than him self and give platform for many Hindu organization to take roots for the betterment of our country with its religion culture people
AI will one day control everything and will make human their slave, so investing in AI should be stopped with immediate effect...!!!
Looks like your ultimate motive is to collect anti modi news 
the media should address about killings of young women girls during this tenure liek Asifa, Manisha valmiki,  two more girls in UP, delhi etc  ,  these are the biggest human rights violations for human beings ,  these cannot be dumped in bin...  people have to answer to all these ..
Also, I love the color of the SUV the "poor farmers" are driving? Mast!!!!
Finally someone is taking a stand.
On one side the guy who literally crushed the innocent farmers is roaming freely. While such Powerful leaders, who are trying to raise their voice are treated like Criminals in so called *BJP Raj*
momentum to reforms lost, just like in 91, no govt will ever touch agriculture for a decade or two, the ones that have come from Punjab and rejoicing, soon will be faced with a dilemma when the water beneath their farms runs out (almost at critical levels) and a situation of acute drought is forced upon punjab and haryana due to the excess production of wheat and rice. the age old tradition of freebies to continue!! to the one's that are rejoicing in the comment section and saying BJP has lost, you have lost, our future gen. has lost, all leaders of all parties have enough money to live 7 lives abroad, the lower and middle income group will be left here to starve.
Sir lockdown pulice ne jhutta fir likha h
-NO excuse to do road shows.
JO BOLE SO NIHAL SAAT SRI AKALA
The bill has passed....and we can't go back...We will not oppose the bill while it was drafted....we will pass the bill then come out and do drama.....
ISHE JAIL BHEJO AUR SAMPATI JABAT KARO
It's explanation so good. 
It is only politics
Dakait jame raho chor tumare sath hain
I was one of your supporters but i understand people should not blindly follow anybody you are good person and educating us but i found some lies in ur videos
Modi is a gift for Pakistan, he will destroy India with his own hands
Wah re Mr Sudhir chaudhary U r so hypocrite u earlier that too much democracy hinders economic growth n after 2 min u said sometimes democracy leads towards strong nation building.
Sir we would immensely be grateful if you conduct one session on origin of terrorism in India and/or middle-east.
While the farmers fears are legit, why fear about something that hasn't happened yet? How do they know for certain that the pvt companies will exploit them when the bill hasn't even been put to practice 
And now they've won
But in a democracy, everyone has rights, they too shall be satisfied.
Farm bills are totally nonsense it will bring enslavement And unemployment in this country. Same as happening USA and European country.
JAI SREE AM HARA HARA MAHADEV ONLY MODI MODI MODI JI SUPPORT
It's so scary for common people.
Thnku to raise this issue
          .     ,  ,  , blackmailer, 26Jan        security   ,      ,     ..  will kickout 
What a insult of ZEE news ...pls be fair and do proper job for respectful Journalism
Kangana Ranaut is Correct Way! We Always with Kangana Ranaut!
They repealed bcoz election are coming in Punjab fuck politics
Fear the turban! They are the kindest, most benevolent but will not shy away from a fight. You can win them with love and dialogue but not in combat! 
I really need one video on explanation regarding this.
these things are happening in many states now.
Savings Account no. 39570166343
It is better for india to enact stringent laws against TREASON. Reason. The more deadly enemies are within INDIAN borders..
Sarkar se pucho swal,   kisan did wait for 3 moonths,  centre dsnt care,   we know how to make them hear,  its kisans protest dont give it political, communal, any other angle
Uber auto is also available.
Farmers don't know about rules.
Jithne pesa ye government publicity me lgati h agr uska 1% bhi devlopment me lga de tho bhi normal conditions ho jati
for once I will agree with Advani. when medias are told to bend they are crawling.
Nice b bc news
Safai abhiyan pure desh mein chalega....wait and watch..
*Previous Winners selected:*
This movements are not foreign, NGO , this movements for our country
Now It's BJP-RSS Raj alongwith Ambani-Adani Company was to be thrown out...
Very good Achcha huaa Bjp ka Sath De rha hai police
One sided thought
Prof .Vijay Paul sharma
Phle student nishane pr tha 
Mere to nahin tha Akhilesh ji baithe Hain
Purchase should be on msp.
They are 99% voter
india lost today that is the truth
Finally
they are doing protest or damaging public properties 
Democracy is largely abused in Bangladesh.Because People of Bangladesh doesn't have freedom to speak against the central government.
TIGHT SLAP on the face of RSS/BJP AND GODI MEDIA!! Thats the power of Indians who care about the country rather than religion!!
The Indian farmers have made their way of life for generations! They dont need government screwing it up! I stand with the farmers.
sikhs are the 5th largest religion in the world shocking that indians know nothing about sikhs -  when the nishan sahib flag is in every country in the world -- where sikhs live and indians think its khalisatani and do not even know that sikhs holy flag is - sikhs do not want khalisatan as they live around the world and in all parts of india - infact sikhs have progressed and the richest in most countrys and feed the whole of india - why are people in india so uneducated - sikhs are not happy as the red fort has been sold and it belong to the sikhs  - The conquest of Lal Qila was won by the Sikh forces in 1783 - and belongs to the sikhs - modi goverment has sold the LAL QILA and sikhs as not happy and have every right to host the nishan sahib flag - shame on modi goverment as he is selling everything only sikhs can save india
Our life depends on farmers .. thanks  for farmers.  All nation with them
Bjp hatavo desh bachavo
I support Farmers
Govt passes legislation: Oh my god this government is fascist
I notice how all Indians are speaking against Imran and sayin talibans will take over pakistan. Dw dont cover ur tears with hate.  Id be pissed too if my gov invested billions on Ghanis gov to break and isolate pakistan but talibans crushed Indian dreams. Now modo wants emergency meeting with US to discusss his mistakes 
Ye bjp news wale to bjp ki g*****nd chatne me lage hai
Big fault to repeal three law
The othering of the  "Hindu boogie"  is constructed along with other  narrative techniques such as labelling "nationslism" as 'jingoism', patriotism as 'fascism', self reliance as 'protectionism',  promoting anti-hindu-tva as progressive - egalitarian - liberal standpoint.  This was a ready made ideology carefully constructed & sown in indian minds by British Colonialists that strikes its cords even now. These protests,  including the CAA struggles were the aggressive outbursts tuned to its cacaphonic beats our 'intellectuals' ideologists, & journalists play. 
Thank you team drishti IAS
Encounter him save India
Do bot repeal farm laws, let the farmers go to hell
CT Ravi what know about Taliban? 
farmer revolution in the 21st century
but sir if we see both sides than farmers should also understand it that laws unke income mei incriment kar sakte hai... aaj vo hi rakesh tikait election mei khada ho raha hai... toh isse hum uska propaganda bhi toh keh sakte hai?
Thanks team drishti IAS 
Only bjp
this is the worse govt we ever had in our country;so insensitive
Captain Amarinder is the cause of bullying farmers before elections.
Agar desh ka bhala ho to mujhe Dictatorship vee manjoor hai.
BJP won't win in Punjab. !!
3. They DIDN'T TAKE OFF THE INDIAN FLAG OUT AND PLACED THERE FLAG, ( miss information that is being published in the media) RATHER THEY PLACED THEIR RELIGIOUS FLAG BELOW IT TO SHOW THERE RESPECT....
They know No PM....No president ....No CM ....No military..No police force .... can do anything to them !! 
Save Afghanistan and all people
this law was so good 
Tikait has tasted blood. Squatting at borders will be permanent and Tikait wants to become CM of U.P.
Bolo JaiHind
Itna content aa raha hai. You can make this shoe twice a week
 Blaming business process as if it were corporate loot is an irrational nonsense. Products should reach the needy in the most efficient way. That is the need. Market is the mechanism, not mandi, middle man dependency.
Theses urban naxals are trying to hijack protest for their own propoganda that's why you would see that anti CAA protests wali dadi
Pack all politicians of India and send them to Taliban Idiots
Finally godi media republic showing farmer protest that too a fewer minutes as they unfortunately don't have other news than capitol hill attack in america
They are suspending mobile internet services of those people who aren't dependent on internet.. they are in a real time protest and they know how to stand for themselves !!
Background music 
he sees nothing wrong with the laws. wow
When you pray, go into a room by yourself, and shut the door. Pray to your Father who is there in the secret place; and your Father who sees what is secret will reward you. 
explained beautiful
Feku babA ab to Maan ja u kisan bill is for corporate not for farmers
if they stop running and turn around and start fighting and bring peace to there country instead blame other countrys for there own peoples mistakes pathetic if a war started where i live first i would protect my familiy get them to a safe place then i would arm my self and fight back for my home and country this pathetic they outnumber the Talibans by 1000 to 5 they all just running instead of fightning together to take back there homes sad real sad
Modi will still not win any election.  It took too long.
Jao be chhatu
Provided that the method of determining such price or guaranteed price or
In other words masterstroke of modi
Khalistan is only solution for Sikhs community 
Mr Chadda may now like to change his glasses after his comment that Farmers are loosing support....
This is just for pr. Justin Trudeau won't actually do shit to help the cause and he shouldn't, because the Indian government can stop funding for whatever they want. They are their own country so just stop protesting in other countries it makes no fuckin sense
Thank You very much team  
Jat bbc uthe chaye hoye ne...
      election              
When Indians allowed Modi to barricade Kashmir they did not know that they had given him license to do so also within India.
Vice doesn't know the difference btw a indian and a khalistani
-> Genuine Farmers all want change and support Farm Reforms, So they can diversify their Crops and earn more money.
      So  that having about 75 % agriculture population, The Kissan-Mazdoor should make ,  only one new party namely All India Kissan-Mazdoor Party  for flushing out corporated  based politicians by democratic votes.
Fascism - "PREDATORY PARASITISM", wolf police state.
We support Agriculture Bill...Jai Hind
My question is why the farmers from particular state of our country having problem with bill..and why  not from other states much. SOOCHOO
It's just Punjab and Haryana farmers which are unhappy
This is more of trade of between security issues vs. poor farmers financial security.
Good to see that soul of journalism is still kept alive.
Now the can bring their cattle too  inside  as it is the custom in their villages
Adhir Ranjan , Mallikarjun Khadge , and some others  alongside are really horrible  !
I think (a)
channelized to online markets or malls through contract farming, imagine the
     gdp ka groth hota hai
Very good analysis of problems of farmers  Really Appreciate
Very beautifully explained sir
These are not farmers but terrorists in disguise
In comments Bjp it cell dominated
JAIGURUDEV . PRANAM . YOU ARE RIGHT . GOD BLESS YOU . JAIGURUDEV. .
Tractor March should happen
never saw this kind of government who is only busy to fight with their own country people...shame on u idiot modi government
They are brokers
My blood boils after seeing these confused idiot police try to arrest Priyanka Gandhi. Really they (police) are the puppets of BJP's party. Sad reality.
This is better than Indian news channels
Kya vidmna hai.kin logo se economics ke bare ma poch rahe hai
Otherwise what action will the SC take on the SDM who is giving orders to break their heads
Are u willing to show first part of the accident .  Why u  fear
Bhakts fighting in the comment section. You all truly believe that they are khalistanis even after 10 months of protest in the states UP,HARYANA, PANJAB,RAJASTHAN. Parents ne paise waste krdiye inn bhakto ki padhaayi me kyuki seekha to kuch nhi siwaay blindly follow krne k.
It about time you news casters commute the fact you have only one way of asking
Hats off to you sir
Just got the news they Break the aggrement with Police and started beating police personnel now, farmers at its best
Broker mandi walas protest failed due to no support from.public
If farmers get concessiins  they are taken away by farm labour and others
4. Intolerant and percecution, bombing  buddhist statues and temples.
 esa to class monitor ko elect karta hai
When will Delhi police who were brutally beating farmers be punished?
O. My Mutilated, Butchered, bleeding people.. you have been Massacred by colonizers and then all Govts..
Mother of all lies frm demonitisation to farmers bill
Pseudo intellectual...they are actually right...you have no idea how to interpret the legal provision...u are not a lawyer afterall...
Hey taliban women burn your burkha take a gun hold the beard shoot in the eye then u will be free
Stop glorifying religious extremists.
BJP is in huge delusion that this will not affect them in elections.
600+ farmers lost their lives during the protest. May they rest in peace. 
*IT'S OK TO LOSE THE SHORT BATTLE, IN ORDER TO WIN THE LONG WAR*
What a shameless chaneel showing sympathy on killers showing farmers as villain shame on your jounalisim show how they crushed inocents life
Very Good Addmistrative Action
Any media who dont love its motherland and are paid by enemies are rejoicing..but karma will take care ..
Jai hind jai bharat. Vandey matram... .  Change is the law of nature... This is the protest of arthias not the farmers. 
Love you bhai
Adani Agent Modi will bring back Adani Farm law after elections. Continue protest until Agent's defeat.
This Congress and opposition creating chaos to fool the people for vote.
There will be no repeal of laws.
godimedia is finally reporting
Bjp simply a scam
Thanks to news 24 for coverage Farmer protest
Election should be every year  
Come to Maharashtra n see
Glad to see YOGENDRA YADAV found a JOB. Bohot dino se berojgaar teh Yadavji
The whole world is saluting you x
Sonu Sood for PM.
I was big supporter of bjp but from now I will never vote bjp
Farmers nahin unhe sirf wheat belt farmers boliye. Woh saare farmers ke representative bhi nahin hain. Asli farmers baaki states ke apne farms par kaam kar rahe hain. In time pass no work waalo ko publicity mat dijiye
Modi is destroyer of India. Simple answer.
bjp must read history before messing with punjab
256 people die because of the protest, how is responsible
India should strong punish to all farmar protess like a wild animal
7:10 the scene is incredible
HENCE THERE WILL  BE NO AFFECT ON EXCHEQUER"
What deeply pains me is the fact that this decision to repel was made on heavy political encumbrance and not on the entirety of the farm law. BJP made the mistake of not carrying out due diligence with (farmer) stakeholders in the first place and was very haste with the farm law. A much wiser and inclusive decision should have been made on a sector like(Agriculture) that contributes over 15% of the country's GDP and employs over 50 % of the population directly and indirectly. Thou I totally agree with good number of the farmers grievances, but personally, I was in favor of the farm law and sad that it has to go away like this. I feel even sadder this law has to be scrapped under the political burden and not because of the law itself.
Life's story is a short journey so have fun before sleeping forever
Had come here for news, not mixed with opinion and having to segregate!Inefficient
Nice edittingkeep it up
Shariat Law means a society of law , & order Rule & Justice. Speedy Justice within hours & days, discouraging division of Races & Sects. Creating a Society with 0% Corruption.  Caliphate always Guarantees prosperity & progress  & it is marked by Peace & prosperity.
and shopkeepers. Not to speak of small farmers.
Same treatment every one should give to this leaders.
It's ok to protest peacefully cause they have right and  we do have freedom of expression but someone should Aware them regarding wearing of mask and present pendamic.
Where is your ethics to even enlighten both side of the story.
Thankss. Explained very well
Communist flags eh? Farmers you say eh? Do they know how Communists treated the Ukranian farmers? Or the Chinese theirs?
He should shut the f#ck up...and stop this darama,,who ganna pay for those kills who gonna pay all that sufferings they going through last 1 year ..those allegations,,where are you then?so better u shut the fu#k up
By-election defeat in HP and Rajasthan resulted in this decision. If BJP loses in UP then petrol diesel prices will be back to UPA era rates!
Includes causes of death: Hanging
Revolutions won by peasants against tax , social inequality and privatization for liberaton:
https://youtu.be/vHZmrDTuwHw    Views on Protests from a farmer's son
Wrong Bill should not implement ..People who supports this bill dnt know how it will affect farmers in future .They will be doing slavery for private company ..if the company does not like their crops they can reject what will then a farmer do they can also go in debts also private company can take their land for improving the quality ..Hum log ko sara kuch pata nahi hota bill me hai kya aur Modi k support me aajate
Pranam sir ji  i am new student  this chanal
Like Marxists who says we will break Indian constitution from within, this protest is a useless one endangering the national unity for no reason
SABKO AHINSAAKE MAARAGME CHALAAYE HE UPARVAALE JIVIT ISHAVAR PRABHU YESHUPITAA SATGURUDEV
Plz don't show faces of civilians who took sticks in self defence
The TATA GROUP owner control the agricultural market...He own INDIA COUNTRY....
KABJA KARKE MILEGA KIYA LAST MAIN MARNA THO SAB KO HAI JO GALAT KARE GA WO NARAK JAYE GA.     YESHU MASIH JI KE ANE KA TIME AA CHUKA HAI INH LOGO MAIN SE PARMESHWAR KA DAR KHATAM HO CHUKA HAI
At the end 
why did speaker pass the bill with  voice voting against parliamentary procedures. Why are you not showing that .What aren't you criticizing speaker for that and blaming everything on opposition. Please save this nation.
BJP terrorists
India has followed populism since 1947. If big reforms are not pushed now we have existential threat. So it's do or die.
I hate India Police capital panisment High Court
What a terrific opposition we have haha!
Private private ...monopoly is coming aoon
Boycott this disgraceful puppet shaming the word 'Republic'.Please report this video for spreading lies & hatred.
Ap bhut accha explain karti ho
What the hell is this 
Lobbying only favors the greedy Private Corporations.
Mind maps are not being uploaded. If possible please upload typed mindmaps.
Reet postponed Karo
Thanks sir great sir
CAA NRC   
Why only punjab farmers are unsatisfied with the farm laws. I am from Uttar Pradesh and here I can see no farmer support this protest.
Fate of India .
Thanks a lot for clarifying all aspect. In our country, there no dearth of laws, regulation but what we are missing is implementation. This model is being practiced in west for so many years but problem still persist. It sounds great, but always the sides of big corporates are heavier.
2: Punjus have problems, water table in Panjuland is going down; there is over production of Wheat and Rice, and Panju has no idea how to diversify his agri production;
Farmers limit ho rahein
I stand with our farmers no food no farmers
From now,farmers should give answers to politician in the way they answered,
Nothing proved
They're still standing firmly for their rights 
If bringing past tweets of Vir Das is a move to cancel him for his 'recent' statements - then these people from cancel culture should ask themselves a very simple question - who wrote Ramayana?
Where is covid precautions ?
If this Act is wrong then why it was part of congress manifesto. Drma and misguiding public.
Bjp is trying their best to divide ppl on castes. If they have done progress they should talk, but they talk about pak and Muslim ppl
I still have the opinion that farm laws were good for the farmers.....however the way it was passed was not correct.....government should have build consensus and brought farmers into confidence
Election ktm RAM NAAM gyb petrol diesel rate start    
We are not terrorists ,we are framers
Sir please ab ancient or medieval history start kijiye
You Can't debate with the people who aren't educated 
Lets keep supporting such gold 
Share to world wide
Respect the farmers!
Now I kinda understand why MSP can't actually be a mandate.
Feeling scamed by bjp
Understood now . Need to give some Power to farmers  with encouraging efficiency
Poor farmers with poor cars protesting in a low income country USA, and most of them belong to poorest state in India in terms of agriculture punjab
Without that, it's like throwing them out of the ship and they're saying, they don't even know how to swim
So how can government win the trust of the farmers????
Increased expenditure on Childrens education (as Govt school are not properly monitored)
GOI's hide & seek game shows how scared they are to face the oppositions.......
godi media also show fake new 
Exact information
Please do one more detail discussion about These three farmbills....LalnTop
" Misleading and Manipulating the civil society of a country so that there own people (farmers) stand like a hurdle in front of country's growth and development is another front of war "
Don't trust a word coming out from a person who starts the statement " i going to tell you some truth"
If you want facts about anything listen to this man 
Was the bill NOT debated  by the members of parlement OR REVIEWED or studied in depth BY  THE  AGRICULTURE  MINESTRY OR EVEN THE FAMERS GIVEN INSITE   or explanation of     THE PROSE AND CORNS  OF THE FARMERS BILL  BEFORE BEING BROUGHT  TO THE PARLIMENT and passed the bill.    OMG INDIA BOARDER   STAND OFF, INTERNAL, SQUABLES AMONG    POLITICIANS  MONETRY  PROBLEMS CORONO19  at its peak,  espionage  by china of civilian  population etc.  Ect.  WILL  poor people of  India  survive  this crisis and for how long. INDIA  a real KARMA BOUMI.
Modi government is anti farmers ,because before this policy farmers get the prize of maize 1600 per quintal but now  due to this policy farmers are getting prize maize  500 rs per quintal ,now think farmers gave 400 RS to the labour and fuel consumption is 500 RS now calculate the numbers farmers expenses are 900 RS ,but they are getting 500 . I'm very unlucky because I born in India where the future of farmers is zero . Hope I born in other countries where the future of farmers is bright . Jai kisan ,
kissan morch zindabad.. the victory came after a year of struggle and hundreds of death..salute to all my kissan brothers...BJP saw UP being lost with all their calculations that's why this repeal came, they will still lose UP elections and will lose loksabha elections too, just wait n watch.. this is just one step victory for kissan  they have lot more to achieve.
Download Coinswitch Kuber App from below link.
This move will once again encourage minority  to go against feature NRC law, one nation one law for all community. This move will harm image of Modi in Upcoming UP election. After death of around 600 small farmers if u back step nothing will help u out.
Sir please mediaeval history me bhut problem hota he , so please mediaeval history start kareye
What about ambulance and emergency cases need to pass through toll ?
    bjp   congress   
Indian government has been feeding hard earned taxes since ages.
After seeing this I feel like younger people are more dumb..... telling that this protest is wrong... shame on them
Outside Will protest to repeal the Farm Laws but in Parliament  , it says not repeal 
Protest in every country could be different in meaning, for peculiar reasons. 
Farmers have won. But what about the people who has lost their livelihood because of these farmers protest at boarder
Internal security is more important.....
Pathetic news channel. Murderer of democracy....SHAME SHAME...
DTH TV Reforms
But farmers are exploited in the current system as well by aadti's in mandi
Love from telangana
we did this during the CAA protest and even Now for the Farm 2020 bill but the government doesn't care....
NARENDRA MODI is going to be secretary general of UNITED NATION after retirement.
Thanks sir to cover this topic 
We are farmer
Never take anybody by face value
India is totally different from China, originally CCP was mainly made up by farmers, Mao was a leader of farmers, over 95% of Chinese Red army were farmers, CCP mainly dependent on farmer used rural surrounding cities to finally take over the national power, and China's farmers are China's back borne.  it is a tradition that CCP central committee Politburo every year issue a Number 1 document at the beginning of the year, it is about farmer and agriculture. Xi JP put "get rid of rural farmers poverty" as his first priority when he became the president, many top provincial leaders were fired for them could help the farmers lift from poverty effectively. 
I came here to understand the new LAW but the report seems to understand less
4.After the contract if prices are up then farmers still have to sell for least price and it leads to huge crruption and is useful for brokers , mediators and whoever have power
CPI ML
Today on 19 November we defeated the modi government. No farmers no food 
3. Hitlers supporters could not tolerate any criticism against him
JAI HIND
Very nice documentry bear....
I believe more education systems are to be implemented in rural areas
Now they  are not letting akhilesh yadav and other leaders  to enter in lakhimpur  which is their propaganda  ...
Jo b ya rakesh tikait ko anpadh gwaar bol rhe h unhe bta do unhone MA n LLb kia hai n delhi police me sub inspector rah chuke h
Please share this maximum 
What a irresponsible country we are  living in...!
 Our country has been ruined by the government, courts, police administration and dock media also.
When PM does rallies without mask that is cool kumbh mela is allowed but no one else is allowed. Right republic?
Channge  ur channel name , it doesn't suit to ur channel , bad politics start from media like u
Khalistan The Punjsb Annexe report from the British government has been sent to UN and from UK supreme court by SFJ and nothing can stop the dream of having our own land back. India had its opportunity for 70 years to work with Sikhs and respect our freedom and beliefs but instead, we were treated like guardians of Hindustan Shri Guru Granth Sahib Ji was disrespected time after time after time and one generation of Sikhs inPunjab were murdered by the indian state, For decades our people have lived under threaten by the Indian central government. If they thing Farmers will clear the decks of Delhi then they are even dumber than the previous guardians of indian government. Modi will be hung and his entire chain of command coming as far as CABAL and Billionaires will all be extinct withing the next 12 months just like Mughal empire and general Odwer.
Forget about farmers beaware pis,sfulls
See this  14:33 
That protest worked
GTA vice City Full onn....
Your video is so irritating to watch
2024 BJP may lose 15/18 seats to TMC. Hindus are disappointed. They dont know what to do ..
the so called jogi yogi
Violence in Utter Pradesh is not a big issue
LOL, I m From Assam, after Watching Lakhimpur, I Came Here.... ... In Assam also We Have A Lakhimpur
1) Need to define the Regulated framework where Government will oversee & monitor the Contract farming deal presented by Private Entity.
Finally India today trying to shed godi media tag
The most important element in a news is truth,supported by right facts,which generally 99% of news channels are lacking today.I feel more mentally safer and truly awared of happenings in the country on watching his videos than news channels.
Andolan jibi  Kishan  our Kuch Nahin,surjya bal, crocodile crying
Dog also getting anchor job I heare ...I ask ppl they told me u can see on republic
Full sapot pryanka and rahool ganthi
Why reporter interviewe killer he should be in jail akiller murderer Washington DC usa
In NO circumstances such children who abandon their parents SHOULD BE ALLOWED BY LAW to get any share in their parental and ancestral property.
Contents are to the point n explained in a simple manner 
Such a brave man Allah bless him
Country's Pride Modiji
***`\******** 26 January********\`-'\__ ****,|
He attracts opposition Politicions, enemy nations , their money, last but not the least traitors. 
And understand all those in comments there will be time all those getting 50000 plus salaries when all govt dept will be sold out to Ambani's and adanis u will not get more than 20000
Congratulations to all farmers...
Arrogance of power  let down fall of many empire's. Hope Bjp will become current congress.
And i think here farmers are right...
Omg kisan leaders to smart what thay doing now
Illuminati politics going to get end in this world.... people will leave peacefully after that
Today farmers make history, salute our farmers....
Firstly action on so called Rajdeep Sardesai for fake reporting
Option c is correct
This anchor get out kisan mahapanchayat last day
I thought they didn't want Western culture lol
POSTPONE ITR SUBMISSION till MAY 31 , 2022 
JAI JAWAN JAI KISAN!! On the bday of our father of nation & Lal Bahadur Shastri our second PM, who gave the above SLOGAN , this FASCIST BJP govt has manhandled the FARMERS. Any govt which lays its hands on the FARMERS  WILL NOT COME BACK  TO POWER!!!!!!
Can anyone tell  what are flaws in the laws????
Sikhs do not need any certificate from anyone, anywhere in the world, they just do great wherever they go. They love their country of birth and respect all countries they live in. They are central pillars of India and Pakistan.
Short answer: no
The intention of Tikait is to create  chaos.
By this PM ji shown that India is one for one state's foolishness whole India is willing to sacrifice their benefit. That is why he repealed the law from Whole India and not making it optional for one state. But unfortunately their are people seeing political angle in this decision. Very Unfortunate
Deer shed antlers business is banned only in india from 1998
If tomorrow Kashmiris come to Delhi and block roads, 370 will be repealed too. This is a spineless move.
For them the 'protest' is a celebration,  sport other's cost!
They say in Persian
If Politicians - win by Demonizing Minority
Punish Ayush Sinha immediately
Sir ek question hai jb supreme court ne enhe andolan krne ko glt btaya hai tho phir ye kiyu kr rahe hai
People consider themselves underprivileged and seeks RESERVATION in PG MD MS exam
And till you apologize for undermining our fight for our rights in this appalling manner, I'm unsubscribing  Print. Your loss this and we don't need your help.
become primary procurers for corporates, the income of corporations will
"Don't argue with fools, they will first drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience"
Shameless police.... have lost all their conscience. Nation is not a geographical boundry, it is the people that dwell within it. 
Full support to SDM , beat the so called "fake farmers" . Need more civil servants like them
Support the farmers
AIMIM Leader threatens Hindus
In MacLean's triune brain model, the basal ganglia are referred to as the (REPTILIAN BRAIN or PRIMAL BRAIN), as this structure is in control of our innate and automatic self-preserving behaviour patterns, which ensure our survival and that of our species. 
Farmers finally won against this dictator government
Loved the lecture!
Some topics usually seem to be hard to understand but it just blow away when you start explaining it Sir. You are truly amazing and such amiable personality we adore. Fortunate to come across your channel, hoping to explore into more topics and we as your sincere listeners will help expand your network and dedicated work in every possible way. Never lose your speciality Sir. 
Bjp hatwo.. Rojgar  bachawo.. Students..
Informative Sir thanks for sharing
Chemtrails is a big reason to why farming has not been as profitable, Bad soil results in bad lower yields. Cloudy skys, Less sun, and so on. Here in Sweden chemtrails is a big issue and polititians that spoke out was sensored.
Wonder if they will raise their voice against kangana and her racist derogatory remarks seems like this Chanel only supports one religion and one ideology
I am sad that even after lot of barking against farmers, you couldnt be successful 
These are the people who are responsible for spreading covid even further
Asaduddin Owaisi sahib had already said go and talk to Taliban but the government did not listen and kept avoiding them.
The best moment in video is @23:23
Priestess Hannah of the Goddess that Dances with her Brother the SUN in order to make,create and produce all fruits, vegetables and legumes that our brothers and sisters farmers harvest for us to build, maintain and upgrade Civilization sends love to all farmers local, national and international. Urging politicians to go hug, wash the hands and kiss them. Eye Love You.
Khud hi cropped hai
LoL nice acting skills
This news channel is destroying unity.
Shame on Modi
Galwan Hero Col Santosh Babu Posthumously Awarded Mahavir Chakra, 5 Other Martyrs Get Vir Chakra
Sir if possible give heart to the comment of a girl named Nisha Yadav. She has discussed these law with one another person in very unbiased manner. You can check my previous comments to see it. Otherwise everyone has talked about whether decision was right or wrong without reason.
Jhansaram news chanal
See how he(anchor) accepted bjp only work on caste_religion model.
Anarchists >> Reformist
Farmers are under attack by police
Modi did very well by allowing these so called Farmers who are actually (Traders) to Protest freely so their True Colour can be seen and they Proved it very well..
Taang failake waha baithne wale aur aisi acting krne walo k muh pe thoo hai
Good news Farm Laws are repealed by Govt 
stone pelting? are they joking? theres farmers on both side throwing stones would result in cross fire... and funny thing is if a single person throwing a rock was actually captured in the video this clown media would show it over and over and over again slow motion high lighted.
Fight Farmers....fight fight fight!!!
You are wrong. In Punjab in the past BJP never contest more than 20-22 seats. Absurd statements by Mr Abhijit.  Never BJP ruled Punjab. Priority is China preparation for attack India after Olympics. 15-02-2022 until 30.04.2022 will be war period. We lost Mr Arun Jaitley who was diplomat in local Agenda - Mukth Congress at Punjab - That is correct statement By Mr Abhijit
Please reply anyone or sir
Political analyst do not know that common man found in accident case he will arrested immediately.why not he.
2nd don't divide the people by religions, natives, colour, languages all are human beings please realize the truth in yourself before you find the god in Temple/Church/Masjid/etc
4. War of remences 1486.
People opposed television, computers, trains, internet.
Where is the Agriculture Minister Mr To Mar??? What is his view???
Unke vesh me it's just pro khalistani movement to break India. And u wish that too ?? Itna bas bolo bhai
Farmers are the feeders of a nation. Any nation. Theyre the ones whom people like us rely on for our food. If you dont keep your farmers happy, if you do not incentivise the agricultural sector, how do you expect to grow as a nation?
modi is an idiot and so are modi bhagats
PAKISTAN GIVING ROYAL WELCOME TO SIDDHU  PAKISTAN AND KONGRESS SMILING  SUDDENLY SUDDENLY...BOTH DEFEATED  no ROYAL WELCOME by enemy
Imran Modi alliance is over.Go conquer your hills.You are caught by M.O.I corrupts.Dontb talk about catching and throwing shoes again.Allah knows you are as crafty as an Arab.
People are saying that people especially farmers came in crores. I say number is not more than 50k because ground capacity is only 30k. Also we can evidently observe that it's not a tight packed crowd. All the dalals who are going to get hurt by these laws have gathered here. But it will do anything as farmers from other states are very much opressed by previous APMC mandi. And tht why no real kisan is against these farm laws. We all have seen how some handful of jamindaars, dalaals and land mafias have monopolised the whole system. I personally experience this in Delhi. So be calm and support these laws.
We have to stand with them
What's the use to run those trackers?
I am a son of a farmer in Punjab. Ilove my India like all the farmers. These news channel will not say anything wrong about govrenment. If you wanna see rality you can watch NDTV India or you see Dhruv Rathi s latest video. Please dont judge farmers protest according to these fake news. Please
This is how you should pray:
These farji famers must be beaten up properly put then in jail bloody bastards
Didnt know the same illiterate racist guy will sell them off.
it is khalistani,  islamist, communists, bhim lost battle.
nice class sir
sir pls call dr subramanian swamy in your show
Road chahe purana gdde wala ho es government me but toll plaza pehle lgaye ge ye 
Shiv Sena is doing much better after quitting NDA.
Kindly call them adhetiyas if you wanna see real kisan families like us come to Andhra
4. It is time for PARLIAMENT DISSOLUTION, formation of economic Union like EU and 8-10 states becoming countries for breaking this brahmin hierarchy (today 90% of all group A(civil) jobs and 51% padma(civil) awards are with brahmins ;defence jobs with those who got racially profiled by British who have terrorized nepotized and corrupted all states by calling them naxals ; private sector with their global class-caste masters - jews and British have given majority Visa to brahmins). The efficient administration can only be obtained by revolution of people of that state as and when necessary when Delhi high command is eliminated. Else all bills are intended to strengthen delhi hindi nation and break the union i.e privatize the states to serve Delhi.
Great job haryana police!!
May almighty god give you wisdom so that you understand that the work that you are doing is against the nation news channels like abp and all the godi media are the modern traitors of india
Trump : Modi je ham bhe pele gaye the tum bhe pele jaoge 
Jai jawan jai kisan,jai kejri sarkar.congratulations & welcome all farmers,we love you.what kinds of democracy of india,s modi govt.what shameless modi amit,what kind of leaders are you? All world peoples are laughing looking you dirty & failed leaders.please mercy them,they are not terrorist,they are Indian farmers.we NEPALESE PEOPLES LOVE THEIR PEOPLES.
BJP Govt is an Evil,,
Happy to see that they announced to end the prostest today
Please  God save our India 
Time waste
Remember Hindu Gods usually have a weapon in their hand. What he did was wrong, surrendered and did not deny. The guy who did it was mentally challenged and manipulated or simply crazy wanting death. Either way murder is done, culprit caught and admitted it.
Should Baaboos toe the line of Netaas? 
Before we blame this officer..Everyone should be aware that he is following the orders from seniors and politicians indirectly CM itself.
God bless u all
One hate speech against other religions and our Indian brothers and sisters will forget these struggle of farmers students and common people
Farm laws are needed. But they need to be discussed with the stakeholders - producers, buyers and consumers. A re-look is needed.
I'm in a pain after watching this video because I'm some months ahead and no one is listening to the farmers 
BBC you have all my respect .. love you from Punjab 
My friend's father is death in Guwahti  Assam. They could not receive dead body.plz help me. They asked about the father but hospital staff don't give detail about dead body.
Nothing new under the sun. 
01:41   Modi is an elected representative . When he sees no farmers supporting the bills but sees farmers who oppose the bills, he has to do what an elected representative is supposed to.
We Stand with Modi Government 
Hindutwa ideology RSS killing sikh community farmers in India while they are struggling for their land of freedom Khalistan feels pity for India so called worlds biggest democracy ... Can search on YouTube... And they changed name of inida into hindu rasht...
This will start a big movement in the country. RSS BJP are really dangerous to normal people. Criminals are safe.
Un based.....
They lasted over a year and farmers finally got justice:) this was a very powerful movement where fellow farmers were treated with respect and were provided care(food etc)
 The  Farmers who enjoyed/ received better prices  for these 18 months for their  produce will start now forcing   the government to reintroduce the Farm Laws and an agitation will take place all over India now. Ground work has already been done properly and accordingly. 
Modi he to mumkin he
3 laws pass to hue the par implement to hue hi nhi phir Kisan ki aaj buri haalat h uska jimmedar Congress h ya ticket h.
Thanks BBC for coverage
Bjp accusing congress
Victory of nationals
Bring back farmers law
finally the so called farmers (murderers) got what they wanted for the UP elections.
Early access, exclusive content, special privileges  Discover the great benefits of being a Member of ThePrints YouTube channel. Take a Paid Membership today. It costs just Rs 159/month. https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuyRsHZILrU7ZDIAbGASHdA/join
"Green Revolution" was a short term success but a long term disaster....
Yes I agree with Ticket saheb
Trudeau is such an idiot. He's only supporting the bill because his government has many Sikhs.
Hold back 7pc to 6pc for 3-5 yrs
It is achievement of Punjabi , on   Prakash  l
Just to make forget tha Riots of Tripura this Fake announcement
Modi ji, Agriculture income ko income tax ke daayre mein laakar as a taxable income treat hona chahiye, ye maang hmari taraf se hei.
2. What was the need of introducing the bill with ordinance when it can easily be introduced normally and during voting why counting of vote was not exercised when demanded by opposition
They will implement open market.. only a few plYers having biggest warehouse and cold storage facilities will become top bidders.. (u can guess who ). They will determine price.. naturally who can compete with a giant.. noone.. they will determine a price. This retail giants..ordinary consumer will pay.. like petrol and diesel after right to determine price was shifted to companies.
Can't trust this man. He say something and does something else. Beware my dear farmers! Jai Jawan, Jai kisan!
These members should sent to tihar  till their term ends.
Great thoughts from great brain
SSD Solution Universal Chemical & Machine to clean,Whatsapp: +8801756140888 We Clean We Purchase Black Notes Green
Time has come to make a constitutional amendment to make time bound compulsory press conference for all cabinet ministers including prime minister and president every fourth to six months....
I think some more punishment ought to be given for their acts of misconduct.
Without gov.action how farmers died you should reply.
No one has right to kill anyone. Even court has refused to hang convicts
India Today?? Misinterpreting n defending demonic modi
Dear Quint Viewers, I want to ask did Quint made any video on Red Fort incident ?
Thank You Sir 
Why doesn't  the Indian govt give the farmers  what they want.if the farmers  feel insecure and threatened then the govt should listen to the farmers.
Nice video... biased one... In short it is against dealers not farmers
Its very unfortunate that he died as well. For he would have been a key subject for the defence to prove as evidence. By taking justice into their own hands, they have distroyed their own chances to fight this case legally. 
We are always with farmer unto death
Thank you Sir. Want a teacher like you in Punjab to enlighten students of Punjab to be at high positions. God bless you.
Police deserves this type of treatment
Rajasthan Reet scam dotasra bord leak gang center book nkl out merit join sb fixing pre set h,reet ki janch ho, post bdhkr 60000ho  sbhi passed ke re exam ho, nyay exam vaps krane me h, sbhi snvida panchayat sahayak niymit ho, snvida krmiyon ko apply exam joining priority mile , sanjivani aadrsh credit co oprative society me jma dhan rs logo ko vaps jld mile., sbhi passed ke Selective exam vaps ho, reet as patarata esi exm me, where is govt? Where is justice?,,,,, reet reexam must need of justice,,,,,.ps niymit ho, farji reet 2021 bad ek exam or ho.,,,,
India has become banana republic
intentionally call them and raise religion based discussions despite 
I never thought that i will b writing this, but the analysis done and information provided at least in this EP is brilliant. Great work sir.
Sir come to up , bihar and mp and see the reality itself. You will see most of farmer dont even know how to sell at msp.  Up west, haryana, punjab farmers have larger land and rest have only survival level land.
Dekho tumare ghar meh chor hai 
Devinder Sharma clearly is puking information without taking a clear stand. Some academics have that problem!.
Whole Class:
Another massacre like Jallian wala bag
Bjp goons attack police and made riots
Modi govt doesn't seem farmers friendly..After passing the farmer amendment bill
INDIA. TV. CHUTHIYAHai
Are chamche media.... Aap khabar padhne ayeho ya politics krne.
Ye sarkar har halath mein hatni chaahiye, constitution k against ye h, anti people ye h
Please ask me why taliwanabad a bad attacked to afganisthan
Bhind Mandi bhav
Its the duty of Speaker Lok Sabha and Chairman Rajya Sabha  to ensure that the law being passed , repealed is according to the explicitly as well as implicitly embedded provisions of the constitution.
"""LET'S PRAY FOR THOSE CHILDREN WHO DON'T HAVE THEIR PARENTS THEY ARE REAL LEGEND"  
But I think +ve  side instead of big corporate startup agriculture companies can become boom with there AI technology in farming...
How about limiting the number of farmers cropping the same crops and/or limiting area of crops for each crop. Example: limiting sugar cane crops to 1 million acres and divide that by the number of farmers doing that crop,then,they can crop something else if they have extra land left.
Jai hind sir, Thank u for this video, please make a video on " National highway authority of India" ...
Modi is a bloody traiter to nation
SRINAGAR HMMLE MEIN 5 MEIN SE 4 SIKH THE AGR HUM JANN DE SKTE HAI TOH JAAN LE BB SKTE HAI
Thanku very much mam
Who said democracy and independent..... 
Same here in canada. I have strong emotional attaching to my beloved ancestor land India.  Seeing government doing this to farmers is really sad.
Salute to Kissan Warriors who are struggling for survival of 70% population of their country linked with agriculture.
reform lost, dalals' won 
We have enough of you too
It's more political,  what I don't understand is why farmers from other states didn't do any agitation.  Specifically South where BJP is not in power itself
Waris Pathan - Muslims are just 15 crores in the country, they can still dominate over 100 crore Hindus.
Sp and cong had alliance.
Sujata  guilty must be accountable.
Sir please complete BUDGET series we almost waited for a month .
A law is not above the sanctity of human life.
Agriculture is in CONCURRENT LIST ! PLEASE CORRECT ME IF I AM WRONG ?
Useless arrogance shown by Rubika so that people in power get happy. Indian media become useless for democracy.
We don't have look for terrorist outside, they are within.
Wrong information
Great respect to farmers... Who have  done the greatest protest of the decade... Now govt has to listen to them... They must listen... Or they will fall
Andolan band to Rozgar band
We are farmers from Gujrat.  We was doing better with the new laws. These people did not understand the new law, so we have to go back to old times. Silly people
Congress
It is just propaganda to defame TALIBAN.
Thank you Amitji for providing with such important and prime information about our country's situation... We know the arrogance of the government is at its highest extremes!
Middle man r the biggest culprits and they dont even pay 60% of the MSP to farmers. They r reason behind these farm bills. Middleman r the one who generate black money by duping famers..... STop this non sense at once u paid .....
Punjab already has contract farming and ppl r really happy. Govt has just expanded to other states.
Trying to replace snakes (commission agents) with alligators ( large corporations) is no so solutions. Instead its just a ploy to fool the public.
Its elections time in UP faking farmers protest in full swing.
Govt: I will pass bills for the farmers for a free economy. 
1. These form bills will stop the exploitation of farmers and enhance the correct way of farming that is organic farming.
This is like bending / yielding to the anarchic behaviour of vested interests. 
For free Liquors , rapes, drugs, pizza and spreading fake propaganda....
Now their actual image came in light...
    "    /       !    "   "  ,"  !"                         !             + +                      -  ! -                              ,             !       !      !         ARISE AWALE ! Jago Maohan Pyare! PLEASE Bring Laws to save Democracy! Government  and Supreme Court! from Unwanted illigal !Undemocratic MOBOCRACY! Jai Hind!
He is not going to bow done until tamed
BJP should re-think about farm bill ,farmers will not bend at any cost . Farmers and soldiers cannot be forced to bend and they are the pillars of our country .
Zee news walo kbhi apni vdio k comments bhi dekhna shame on u guys
If You Think with Weapons You Can Control People Then I'm Sorry Even Public Has Weapons.... They Will Bring All Their Guns And Lots Of Police life Will Be In Danger...
This media v 
In villages, we don't have electricity, our schools are closed, children are in streets. Future of Punjab is finished. Political people are so selfish and cruel.
Shameless #PRChannel..
Modi didn't wanted the kisaan andolan to have a tag of 1 year complete that's why he did this repel announcement in such a hurry
A view held by many is that the laws are framed in a way that does not just attract private players into the market, but supports and protects them as they gradually take over the agriculture sector easing the actual farmers and landowners out systematically. 
You dont have right to tell us Slaves,Ghulam, better to focus on your country. We have been independent brave people in the world for thousand years, and will remain the same. Better to pay your country debts
Zee news comedy 
i love  you lions  farmers  of india and punjab i love farmers billions time.
You didnt show the police breaking and kicking peoples legs until they are bleeding
Why not show the interview of Ajay Mishra?
Taliban dont like women. The Only love  goats and donkeys
Election coming fati abb
Indian government ko per kishan 1 acre ka hi upaj MSP pe buy kare, then only other states can be benefit.
respect..
These political parties are showing true colors now! All they care about is dead bodies! They wanted to see this during 26th Jan protest which failed! Now they are have a great time! But Indians can see through their evils designs and how they want india to fail! Sorry not happening !
This is like arguing about wether or not Eva Braun could be the new Fuhrer in WW2.
          Where there is no humane, humanity, human equality, human resources there will be no order, morality and well-being.
Bro..you rocked..everything they do is truly flop..
Nighat is true brave speaker
May be Giant has feet of Clay
Don't trouble common man, this is not a democratic way to protest. Open delhi borders
I am so grateful to have honest , unbiased , Imaandar journalist like anjana Om Kashyap 
All the best wishes from Bangalore
The process can be hardened with feedback over the years and a robust dynamic system can evolve.
Bullshit by a bunch of  ?????
Happy teachers day
We r foolish  ,today  democracy  is dramacarcy. Only solution  is strong  president  ruled. We r nt wanted  destructive  opposition, opposition  should  constractive .
Display of weakness. Precedent set. More demands and protests will be used to blackmail the government.
Or glt tha to pass kaise huwa 
If Dr. Rajendra Prasad would have been alive
China Sponsored riots
Tell him i need food sent to india
We care about all section of India, regardless religious, cast wise....if farmers don't want any reforms ....let them enjoy ordinary old systems.....but don't blame modi ..... unfortunately a major huge section of farmers Deprived from these reforms.... farmers could sit together govt, can ask necessary amendment suggestions instead trying To bow down Modi....
European Union everybody
Amazing job explaining all these complicated stuff by cutting the clutter. I may have had a few disagreement with The Print on occasions due to some misunderstandings but the way SG elaborate s stuff I'll make amends. Subscribed again
This is your side of story ,listen to the other side where it says police blocked the decided route for farmers
u have already lost ur freedom reason y? its cose u feel to speak. one must always compliment what is being said. the trick is not to fight the current rather it is prudent to cease fighting. imagine agroup of guys playing football to start playing basketball instead u have to play football for 10 minutes before suggesting basketball. protest? ah hell nah. join the government, loby for legislation, etc.
This law would've beneficial for the farmers only.
Watching after the end of the protest.
Victory of Anarchy over Democracy! Street veto has defeated reforms. Welcome the the phase of mob rule. All countries will catch this trend and no law will be passed in the parliament. A handful of goons with strong global PR machinery who manage to block a major highway can easily armtwist a democratically elected govt into submission. Shame and disgrace!
Let it be the repayment of everything a farmer has given to you & your family directly or indirectly.
Shame on Delhi Police
Ravish Kumar is really a crook. He wants India to initiate confrontation against Taliban in a complex Geo politic situation. What does he think? Is taliban terrorist or not? He is trying to mock Modi who is trying to keep Bharat's interest. Look at this cheap journalist.. selling the country for a magsasay and perhaps nobel prize with the control of lefts. Bharat needs to see these hollow people
Modi ji all your good efforts are being detailed by this gunda Tikat
APMC in Punjab- Haryana is one of the best in the world.. Due to this U can see the difference in Farmers of punjab and bihar, where APMC was abolished and are mercy of private players
Worst decision
They eat up tax payer's money, 
Gody meadia jhootha
Option (A) 1 and 2 only
Punjab and Haryana farmers are getting MSP because their state govt is supporting them , they have well developed mandi system there.   On contrary we the farmers of UP are left on the mercy traders- baniyas because our state govt is not supporting us. If we sell our crop at MSP in UP mandis we have to wait for about 15 to 20 days in mandi to sell it and than about 1-1.5 months to paid  for it. So we are forced to sell out crop at 1200 or 1300 contrary to Msp 1900 . Every farmer of India is entitled to MSP but its our state government who are not doing enough to provide us ,so correct yourself punjab and Haryana are not taking other states share , they are just getting what they promised ,on contrary our govts are busy in petty politics building idols rather than Making good mandi infrastructure so we can sell our crop at fair price.
 district development , 2.5% to licensed commision agents). In some 
Police commissioner is talking like stupid
What is the purpose of this rally? what are they trying to prove?  I just dont understand the intent. Gov has agreed to stall the laws given assurance of MSP. Farmers still want to suffer at the hands of middlemen and sell only at APMC's and pay commission agents, they want to grow only rice and wheat and expect gov to buy it at MSP. Something is just not right !!! Anybody in their right sense can understand these laws are going to benefit the farmers across india. Unfortunately political parties who have lost all credibility spreading misinformation and using gullible farmers for their own agenda. Hope common sense will prevail.
I see clear path to victory for AAP in Punjab.
Where the hell is stone pelting?? Whats wrong with your souls?? Ohh you dont have one
Fire inside farmers , against anti farmers bill , every facist team have brutal end...... Don't support anti farmers anti national central government bjp is trying to destroy farmers......
Only vote for kite and bhagdari pariwartan morcha
Khalistan will be a reality soon
UP me  Only BJP 
Friends India has only two religions now -- MODI BHAGATS & DESH BHAGATS. MODI is adamant to initiate another slavery period & that will also take many of our generations to fight back. They are eyeing for conquering India for another 5 - 6 centuries.
After the events of Republic Day there is little sympathy for these thugs who are a combination of middlemen, rich farmers and crowds imported and paid for by vested interests. Your reporting in deeply flawed, banal and superficial and for this reason, highly  misleading. PM Modi is the best PM we have had. He has the courage to go against the tide as these path breaking laws are a 1991 moment for poor farmers and middle farmers farmers but they strike a body blow to middlemen. This is what this protest is about because it hits against corruption in Punjab and Haryana. I have not understood what these thugs want. These laws are path breaking as they free both [producers and consumers to sell in the open market if they want. You can thugs bringing in thousands of tractors from these states poor? Stocked up for six months poor?  The government has been open to talks and has dealt with them with exceptional restraint.  Rich Farmers have been treated as holy cow in this country. They rich segment benefit hugely from subsidies, pay no taxes and buy cheap from the poor cultivator and sell at huge prices in the market. This has to stop. Rich farmers need to pay taxes.  The agricultural sector has been at  the bane of benami holdings by corrupt netas and babus. PM Modi is breaking this vicious strangehold for which he deserves praise and not condemnation. By doing he would be the first PM who has actually helped those who need to be helped. The fact that there is information aysmmetry here and tthat the government has not sold the reform as strongly as they should have adds to the confusion.  This is a bold reform and it must be welcomed precisely because it is being opposed by the rich and hijacked by an opposition that does not have a head or a tail. The same applies to your Covid reporting. You fail to mention that we have handled the crisis despite our poor health infrastructure  extremely well with the lowest death rate and the highest ecvery rate in the world in contrast to the UK, France, the US and Russia and the rest of Europe who have made a mess of it.  Figures in these countries are staggering.  Your reporters and correspondents need to delve beneath appearances to reach the reality hidden within.  You do injustice to the fair name of the BBC with this stereotyped reporting.  The country cannot be held to ransom by a gang of thugs spreading misinformation and deceit.
And the substandard farmers with their substandard products can sell it outside Mandi as the highest price they can make
Pappi ready to do politics! Rajdeep should ask some questions about Punjab fiasco!
Corporatizing  farming will destroy the entire society.
Shame on them..
Good decision ny government 
Yeh sab ho gia police ne kiun nahi roka police felair govt. Engency failair
Beautifully explained :) Thank you.
To all those commenting the at these aren't farmers and they are disrespecting the "indian" flag,
Its crime of farmar who sitting on road lynching innocent people. Supreme court why not stop this drama.
Mesquins! What all has happened behind the curtains!! How much of connivance!! List of connives!!!
Uneducated farmers, this people are protesting against new farm law which can make the farmers life more better, so sad
Congratulations to our farmer community. 95% of our farmers stood firmly for the cause in the path of non-violence and patience. Hats off to them. 
03:37 Who is responsible?
Love from Bhubaneswar, thank you Samdish for showing reality  keep the good work going
The dictator and killer of our nation Mr modi
We know kisaan are waiting for a long time
MSP is there in the country in the first place without any statutory backing.  So there is no need to mention it in the 3 acts.
BJP racchasi party 
I can guarantee one thing ..no one of them  can tell all 3 bills that is proposed by the modi govt.
Really i didn't know the actual thing. Thank you so much.
Just see the pattern. Just watch the last few videos. Just after a break, this guy has joined godi media bandwagon
Abp  is the worst channel and they hate Indian farmers and india.  They are fake propaganda news and must be stop kissan zindabad
That is power of formers
Indian farmar doing flag off khalistan samarthak in red fort. This protest is wrong because of farmar have doing voilence in capital . I am in indian that time . #DELIPOLICE
There are so many Indian news channels that are Godi media and they wont dare speak against modi and BJP. They support everything they do.  its absolutely ridiculous
Now 69% to understanding
He said that there will be terror events, we saw bomb blasts in Punjab
Havent they done enough, what have they achieved ? Whos responsible for their deaths ? Dirty politics in a time where we need to show solidarity & support.
Is cowardice distrust non-patriotism taught in dehradun IAS IPS training academy....SAD ...DEATH OF HONESTY IN IPS
Wallah I feel bored my friend told me watching indian media you feel happy wallah its super fake news biggest lier peoples
Nice explanation in the simple way...thanku sir
Wat a joke  is law of india
King of anarchy is Congress party
Abhi to tumne bola ki 94 percent bahar jake bechte the ,that means they were comfortable with that
SO INDIAN JUDICIARY  TAKE SOU MOTO COGNISANCE  AND BANS KANWAR YATRA  BUT THESE PEPOLE  CAN PROTEST ,ARE THERE DIFFERENT  LAWS IN COUNTRY????
Do blasts to rayalseema people all over there is no issue in taliban. Don't send irresponsible people to hajj. Mean to say whose shaadi is illegal, who has not completed there children marriage responsibilities.
These people playing victimcard now
Only god can save farmers Yet the farmers will still loose for a fair price who  will be left in the hands of middlemen hoarders and corrupt politicians who will control the price. The rest of the farmers of India were so happy that they got a better price for their crops and accepted the agricultural laws. Leaving only Punjab farmers under pressure from middlemen and foreign funds to protest who were not even paying tax and controlled the price. Shame
Vikas sir ko ek detail class Dena chahiye is topic pr
They have made Hindus enemy of everyone with their stupid politics
Half of the people dont even understand the true picture of farm law
Election aane wale hai is vajah se
Those who are protesting should also accept that the existing system is also broken and need reforms.
Indians are patriotic turning more patriotic
The chairman of Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices  Vijay Paul Sharma 
all reforms for private will come first' with benifits, continues with exploitation, ends with deaths of the poor, because Indian politics is controlled by corporates. You see the sufferings of Communist China who used their welfare ideologies to corporates . We need proper interactions and convenience the people, if they can not  believe in the speaker or doubts about the future, repeal, . But I also appreciate Narendra Modi Ji for his various initiatives. India born with protest, no army , weapons , Power stopped the Indian freedom from British. Same way once the massprotest is accepted by common people, then governing  leaders need the strategies to stop.......
End nearing to the BJP government in the state
Pity on farmers, who were silently supporting the farm laws. These blackmail politics must stop... Bankrupt paid intelligents like Dhruv are just spreading anti farmer propoganda....
After these events, the corona virus will increase too much in India.
Gupta Sahab, all old is not gold. Though you have become senior journalist  unfortunately still you are raw. See, how Modi is coming again after 2024 too. These people are making him hero again.
Withdrawl of laws is a Big loss to Indian farmers and common sense. Big win for anarchists and those who wish to farmers in perpetual poverty. Now no politician will dare to reform this sector
No hope .......even for improvement..... God bless everyone.
Inflation will cross double digits.
Jai shree RAM
Pariwarwadi Party and Nawajwadi has goons who have outraged the modesty of a great Dalits Leader Mayawati ji. BJP and only BJP will come back with thumping majority in Uttam Pradesh.
Through GST on goods and (2) Through Corporate taxation on enhanced income. Why
The  NEFARIOUSDESIGN  of the CONGRESS-JIHADI-LEFTIST-NEXUS  to Gin-Up  farmers into launching protests AGAINST The Govt NEEDS To  Be EXPOSED . 
Thank you very much sir
Just ask all the farmers who are protesting can they stop stubble burning!? 
Modi is a petty tyrant and therefore no exception
==  Congratulations to all the Hindu Indian soldiers who are secretly fighting the taliban in Panjshir and other places in Afghanistan. The Hindu Indian soldiers will kill all the talibans and then Afghanistan will be a colony of India again. Bharat Mata Ki Jai. Narendra Modi jindabad. Vote for BJP.
Good explanation
Rahul Gandhi ek acche aur sacche Insan Hain 
There ya go! It's done! It's over! Violence has ended it all!
Human knowledge or anyone human can not save your live! please realize the truth in your mind yourself!
I used to like this guy, but its clear hes a government shill working on behalf of the current administration. Disappointed someone once considered a journalist can be bought to be a mouth piece to spread government propaganda.
1 year ke baad really... U didn't bother to approach them on ground level. Or is it just because of the upcoming elections.. Hypocrisy at its best
       english  
Bilkul correct bill hai isse farmers ko hi achi pay milegi farmers samjhate kyu nhi
when a politician start his speech with religious reference then it's obvious u r in trouble.
How can a face saving formula be attained. This year long protest has been prefominantly peaceful. I wonder how long the farmers can remain peaceful and turn the other cheek?
Why the value of Ppa's came down?? Kindly explain
It has been seen that whenever someone comes to destroy Islam, he himself perishes.  Look today Taliban which is nothing, which had no good gun weapon technology anything and now America which considered itself as a very big super power.  Look at his condition today, it is not worth showing his face to the whole world. And listen to the whole world with open ears.  Whenever anyone comes to destroy Islam, he himself will be destroyed.  Of course, Allah will make the habit of Islam to what extent, which is also mentioned in the Qur'an. Allah has said in the Qur'an that no one is a better fighter than Allah. Subhanallah Allah Huwakbar 
I am from Tamil Nadu I love the farmers of Indian soil Farmers are the source of this country I do not know the language but I can understand those feelings
Very well explained, thanks
Useless governments which cannot solve farmers problems.
We need make sure that Congress do not come in power  because of them in uttar pradesh we were not able to celebrate hindu festivals properly.  They did not made ram mandir as they did not want to lose muslim votes.  
"National interest throughout the modern age has remained a handy, flexible sentiment, invoked as per their convenience by dictators, petty tyrants, party autocrats and democratic overlords. 
Now best brains in Class12 will join SENSEX CRYPTOCURRENCY and will WORK FROM HOME and make money
Violence is condemnable... The movement has lost it's sanctity and purpose because of Violence and Anarchy... This was not expected from 'annadatas'(Farmers)... Thev have broken their promise of peaceful protest..The rioters should be dealt with strictly according to Law and charged with relevant sections of Indian Penal Code...
Option c
Breaking the skull of farmers is like break the skull of your father who toils for you the people are watching you...
democracy is very good , it's waste anymore time to argument to each other, not waste anymore time to service peoples
Indian government killing it's own people.
Now that the Kissan bill is withdrawn,the Opposition has collapsed ( dharashaai)! Because- now their agenda is of no use! 
Thanks a lot sir
The kingdom come of Almighty God otherwise known as the Republic of the Philippines on earth, his holiness and greatness Saviour of Heart Saviour of POVERTY and Lawlessness Salvador de corazon in the highest forevermore amen
He must be punished
Please make 12 geo geography
 No punishment will be given to minister son.
#Isupportfarmers  #downwithmodigovernment
Tum bewakoof zaroor but atleast you have humanity than these criminals ruling our country in the name if religion. few politicians have become so in human
farmers were all cheated all these years by middlemen with help of congress  antiindia forces lPakistan have joined Khalistan separatists  and Maoist groups supported by China are getting involved under so called farmers stir which is only from one state Punjab ? 
Thank You
Maim rsmssb stenographer ki exam taiyari ke lie topic by videos
WELL THESE GOONS  SHOULD WRITE FOR A LETTER OF CBI PROBE AGAINST DAKAIT THEIR LEADER!!
The USA has lost another war and islamist terrorism continues to advance.
How many pages is there in essay
The major concern is the silent farmers from other states who were in favour of these laws and against these so called farmers agitations... In India the corrupt political and dishonest people are doing everything to destabilise the government but this is not the problem.. The real problem is the majority silent spectators who are unable to raise their voices against dishonesty... The only maximum tool to show their concern is social media messages...
I don't think credit goes to amrinder singh all the credit goes to the farmers
KMSC is responsible for all this violence,  pro govt 
i support CAA nd NRC. I support kisan.         CAA nd NRC hona hi chahiye
Bjp govt validity seems to be expired soon as the entire nation is fed up with their silly gimmicks,Modi should be thrown out as soon as possible ,worst pm India has ever produced nothing sort of his reform that he brought since he came to power were working be it demonetisation,gst,black money recovery nothing happening .petrol prices are skyrocketing inflation at the highest level till India got its independence.
News reporter no 1 
FARMERS ARE NOT BOTHERED THAT BJP BHARATA PAID TEN LAKH CRORE AS M.S.P IN SIX YEARS
Raga kisi aur ko moka do .....you don't have leadership quality, you can do any  other work in which you are good ....your party badly affected by your leadership, yes you're a good and humble person but not having leadership quality ...
Waheguru ne Mehar Karti. Happy Gurpurab to all, and we won 
Happy will be only congress and foreign funded left wing.Only thing worries is about poor uneducated farmers who works hard for there livelihood.In practically its impossible but Hope there's future Settles
Victory? My foot  bunch of loosers
Election results me dikhega farmer power.
Take care that no one misleads you: For many will come claiming my name  (Matthew 24: 4)  
When the entire country was reeling through coronavirus outbreak and lockdown and people were left jobless and hungry in the street..this guy fled to US for biking adventures..pretty much shows the level of empathy he have for people..no wonder he has no objections against the farm bills..
But farmers are not getting the MSP  outside APMC for rice and wheat.
The reforms which the government proposes are corporate friendly.
They are all young men. What a coward honorless nation. Stay and fight!
Beginning of Winning...
Salute to Indian Farmers for their brave action
Oh dear government if u really care about farmers allow them to enter. Listen to him. Why are you ignoring farmers. Government don't be domb. Don't try to suppress us.
The Akali Dal and the NCP will be seen begging in the next election. Their monopoly will end with these bills passing into Laws.
BBC =is  incomparable!! Outstanding.,    but I'm  tired  of  afganistan   news lines.
It was happened with farmer is very crucial way now in india it is seen like that humanity isn't present here 
Nice analysis by corrupt and bigotted Qatari government
All in all its for the Richs of India and against the poor. 
You never raised your voice my fellow murdered people.. wake up.. wake up.. my bleeding people... How can you bear much pain and Atrocities... My people..  my people...  Let's The World know our heart-wrenching Pain... my people.. we are dying.... Please... Try to listen my voice through my words I want to Die... 
Amazing that u put such a huge protest into a three-minute long clip and give it a political color. It seems the only platform to carry out a protest is twitter, which you guys applaud, when dickheads trend '#banTwitter' on twitter. If u don't have the balls to stand with the farmers due to some vested interests, then atleast don't oppose them either, and bring the entire protest to bad light.
Fool this is not loss
please suggest some basic books??
Its time to revolution
Support arvind kejriwal. 
He is dacoit
These stubborn uncouth uneducated louts don't want to understand the economic condition of India.
in all this atuff police got pissed off
All going to be increased
Need to one more ordinance that NO sells of agriculture products below MSP.
Police fired tear gas first. Police used lathi on farmers.
I am from West UP, We support reforms.
India is the leading exporter of the Basmati Rice to the global markets. During 2015-16 the country has exported globally about40.45 LakhMT of Basmati Rice and63.66 LakhMT Non-Basmati rice for the worth of Rs. 2,2718.44 crores and Rs. 15,129.09 crores respectively.
idiots that cant realize real market conditions and are unable to understand free market instead socialism when the free market can make them more money, third world country problems for sure, the US went through this a long time ago as other western countries have
Let's all hope this comes to an end peacefully 
       polish rong 
they should have used manure instead!
modi and rss is destroying india , save us the trouble
Can you watch bikas divyakirtis video on farmer bills before shitting this phokat kya gyan???
this is ur journalism reward plz accept it
Very well explained. Thank you.
Is government officials are stopping them now from wearing masks? We should recognise the faces of these super spreaders. 
They r not protestors they r FARMERS .THEY R OUR PRIDE .
Its Government duty to maintain law & order and protect national property. Modi and Shah have failed miserably.
The numbers show that the reform was necessary...
It's "NOT" A  Farmer's Protest, but a  CAREFULLYMANUFACTUREDCONSPIRACY  by the CONGRESS-JIHADI-LEFTIST-NEXUS  AGAINST The Modi Govt..!!!
Shouldnt they be there with JESUS to help these people escape these goons.
Sikhs have once again saved the Nation from being puppet of corporates..!!
Ye isliye qki constitution esa h isiliye new krishi bil act Lagu hona chahiye....isse kisan ko apna man chah dam milega ....Punjab me depleting water table improve hogi....
Victory of Good over evil
If mukhiya takes bribe from the company.
I salute Afghan Army who saved the country from bloodshed by avoiding confrontation with talban
Beauty with brain!!
Rahul is always right I support him and Congress
Ab toh tumne kissano ki halat bahut acchi kar dii hai, forget abt paying any tax they r dependent on govt. for just survival
Modi is a lion  ,who goes 2 steps backwards to jump 4 steps forward and kill his opponents.  I hope he does me right in future
Justice for SSR 
All's Well That Ends Well 
Start upsc coaching for students
Land Ceiling act should be observed, and all these Benamis should be punished, for example why till date Amitabh Bachchan ji is not brought under the court of Justice for holding more than 50 acres of Agricultural land? And there many more Big Sharks involved in this, in a  same way.
 Politician, army,police, administrative, 
Absolutely these aren't farmers. By the name of farm laws they are killing other people instead of the politicians. These people are only provoked by somebody to do these activities or they had been bought for some money. How can Central Minister is survived at this point? This is the most important point here.This is unfortunately happened and every body surprised without fearing how they are ready to kill the people like this. Where are we in which generation we are living?Brutally beaten to death is unforgiving thing. They should be punish cruelly. Surprising that no one is not stopping to kill them. Definitely these aren't farmers.Everyone is responsible for this brutal death. These are Rowdies,Goondas from other OR Own party I don't know. But everyone should condemn this brutally beaten death.I don't know who was the driver if he had done this they can beat him ok beaten to death is a big crime. May be somebody is saying that Central Minister's son had done this. But both Minister and his son were there why can't they kill them? Why other people were killed in this way? This is raising alot of issues and questions.
I want to inform you Dhruv that many policemen were injured in this incident.
darun vabe explain korechen.. clearly bujhte parlm . thanku.
Will you take any vaccination or medication which is just prepared by governing political party in consultation with corporate family friends ? Just because BJP and Modi govt saying its good ? 
Have we to suppose even the intellectuals like Shekhar Gupta have come to the conclusion that immorality in politics is not a bad thing, and a wicked party wining election after election through communal polarisation and hate mongering has to be meekly accepted as a normal thing without any attempt to protest against it? In that case, this country is undoubtedly going to the dogs.
If Hitlers methods reused by a PM/Govt
Very sad to hear that India is a Feda ration of States.....India is a UNION of States.
Farmers victory
Yet another freedom fight...
Modi ji speeches speeches speeches, but No emotional responsibility for their lives who lost 750 farmers lives.. Now this speechs is all about  election rolls effect saathiyon, desh vaasiyon, 750 Farmers have died, and not even single exgratia has given. Lot of Arrogance & Ignorance towards respective farmers of India, this is the worst bad attitude of Modi ji bjp govtSad reality of india
#Farmers protest
Shekhar ji, only a very small percentage of grain produced is sold at MSP, and that too from Punjab and Haryana. If the govt. (FCI) stop buying from P&H, the problem will be solved to a great extent but I am sure it's not as simple as this, so the clutter remains!!!
The police are instructed to break the heads of the poor farmers who came to voice their rights through protest. Instructions given not to let one farmer escape. 
This discussion must be took placed prior to passing bill if BJP acted behalf of farmer's welfare.this is ambani and adani tricks.why petrol price in india always raising each and every seconds?not reducing while international market price drop.it is in Government hand or private hand??
Shame on bjp government
God pls help them.
The people commenting here are so into the girl, praising her skills of explanation and voice rather than judging the content of the speech.
Starting music change kijiye please
The person was shot dead by the police not by tractor
You dont even have right to die in this country
For all those who still think farmers are wrong go please watch the recent videos on studyiq yt channel. Don't trust these godi media and so called law makers. All are foolish and well pocket fillers by the govt.
FOR CONSEQUENCES OF WHICH INDIA IS STILL SUFFERING. NEHRU FAMILIES ARE CURSED FAMILIES ONLY AND IF AGAIN COME TO POWER SHALL RUIN THE COUNTRY.
With this law monopoly will increase.... actually it looks good by reading and it can exploit the farmer and environment by business mans....
Hate Congress.
I send you brother and sisters my prayers you are the heart of India peace be with you
10,000 is too many. Also that leaves women all by themselves which is dangerous esp if they arent allowed to get jobs or are discriminated for certain jobs.
Fake kissan.  nobody will follow
The gothi media is the main instrument to BJP govt to spread falls news in favour of govt and against farmers and they join hands with the corporate companies.
Bigot and Actor ; M*DI
republic is for the people of the people by the people.  
Totally biased explainaltion.. only you have mentioned cons possiblity and avoid benefit point ... 
Yeh show kar raha hai ki in protesters mein sirf ameer log involved hau
By new bill, large companies will buy directly from farmers and sell it directly to end user. For govt its easier to regulate 1 company then regulating 1000 scumbags middle men.
Farmers power
Was untolerabl for India 
Victory for farmer
HIS behaviour with over elders like a gobar 
Yes Farmers in Bihar sell their produce at prices much below MSP. No wonder the miserable condition of farmers there.
Its truly very very very bad .  Indian politicians ko todi shiksana dena bahoot jaroori hai .
Congratulations to the farmers of India 
Shame on you BJP. Farmers came to haryana was a democratic protest and not for violence but u all are forcing them to create violence. You dont know the power of farmers.N we all are with them you cannot destroy them to built up those ambanis who are already rich.
When women terrify you suppress them :)
In a war, some surrenders are TACTICAL MOVES.
Bjp rss is the another name of terrorism
Now they want Memorials and Bharath Ratna
Modi is on the path of self destruction.
Thanx a lot mam,ur way of  explaination is too good,ur voice is good ....Vry useful video...Thanku so much mam...
UP Elections me BJP haregi
Lakhimpur assembly constituency.
This shows BJP is not above the people.
Thanks won't be enough 
Finally to conclude it is  Unfortunate that Modiji had to repeal the Farm act.
It's not Kisaan Andolan.. It's sign of One more possible partition of India. Khalistan... Govt. Of India should strictly take actions against these activities. It's crime against Nation, Security and Integrity of India. Farmer engage in his work not in Such activities. This movement is run by Nakli Kisaan
Agriculture is not going that well in india
No matter what you show...we the common people of India stand strong with the farmers
nic video sir it is very usefull
Attack and make sure you break their heads , dont let anyone escape.
If Sikhs cannot stand up and protect their identity, land, water, heritage and religion today then Punjab will slip out of their hands once for all. 
Godi media ruin our future. Every indian stands with news laundry lighthouse for all of us
Never vote to BJP...jay Kishan
These people are not farmers.... Indian farmers can't be so violent.... In the name of farmer protest big conspiracy is at work...
This is a master piece .. Thankyou so much
Good study and speech
Pls continue Sir. Great work.
Ok it means that they had accepted khalistani demands, As they earlier they said that these farmers were khalistanis.
Shameful event in our country
Thank you sir aap bahut achhe se describe karte hain
Chinese handle ptotestors well. China has iron will to reign dissent with iron fist. Disproportionate use of force for greater good of nation is at times justified.
It shows how difficult to reform india
Third act:: unlimited stocking h, it will start blackmarketing with essential commodities act...
The whole world  is watching and India is looking so so bad. This Politicians  son has to be brought to justice for the good off the nation. Justice 
Khalistani people have infiltrated the protests.
Finally they got some donkeys, who could carry people up and down. The donkey owners would charge people for carrying them up and down for a fee and would also pay 10% to the society from the revenue they earned. It was a very happy situation for all involved.
Very soon they will say Pakistan is behind this... They distroyed us.
You're epitomizing what true journalism should be Samdish Bhaiya!
That is exactly what he did to Veterans by giving them LANGHDI OROP and till date the ONE man judicial committee report has been aired though it was submitted in 2017. So you can see what is the intent of MO-SH
Afghanis were Farmers until Russia invaded them. And the result are Infront of whole world. it is a wake up call for Indians.
Incredible india 
Am not sure how would I want to react to this.  What was initially thought of as something that was so very good for the farmers is now thought off as not important? So, was it that what the farmers and the opposition were objecting to was correct? Was Tikait right all along? If not, then, what the government did, did it do due to pressing electoral needs? If so, then does the current government consider winning elections more important than something which they thought was good for the country? Did it compromise on its principles for the sake of winning elections ?Arnav, here you should be asking some very tough questions to the government. Never ever make it seem to the common masses that you are blatantly siding with the current government. Not good for the credibility of your channel as well as for you personally. Big fan of yours and the Republic channel. But, this is my humble advice
Why showing only 2nd part, the car was attacked by mob, what else you expect, to garland them..
Why can't this type of information be telecasts on national tv
Farmers from other areas are not farmers!irony!!only haryana and Punjab have farmers ,do not find anything logical,SC is true and rational
Protest is right of everyone but my dear and lovely farmers please take care of yourself 
Kamran Choudhary like all congressmen is a murderous character
that's not an mi35 that's an mi24 but okay #fakenews
Good evening bhai
Rahul gandhi the fighter 
God is great
In the first video no stones were being pelted its bullshit what they saying
@1:44 Our journalists are impeccable. Just the studios are messed up!
Sorry Modi jee..today first time upset nation
Good very hit
Shame of u bjp
asad sir good speech
Very good analysis and explanation of all topics.. Thank you But plz try to make in English.. Would reach better to all people
dude. start standup comedy. why waste time of those who really want to know about the bill.
ABKIBAR FIR CONGRESS SAB KI PARTY , , , CONGRESS HI ACHCHE SE CHALA SAKTI HAI HAMARE HINDUSTAN KO ,  & NOW OUR NEXT P M RAHUL GANDHI JI , 2019 ME ,  JAI HIND ,,, ...
So, bringing law or amendments do not serve the purpose in any sector including farming till the respected influential criminal on tv & in the society are not referred as what they are in the society. 
the excess food bought by food corporation of india from farmers gets stored and when food corporation of india runs out of spaces to store it just gets dumped . Pvt players will have more resources to manage , store , these products , even export .One of the three laws will educate the farmers about new and modern techniques and different variety of crops  .
What a joke! These guys should be in Jail and media should stop giving these murderers and rapists so much coverage.
I am back to see this we had this anger ik it turned into violence  but we showed if we do nothing it doesn't mean that we are sitting ducks. Also we didn't throw our Indian flag who said that we threw flag don't u have eyes dumbos I guess u have buttons instead of eyes
Don't expect this from sikh community .Sad images.
Dawn of poverty has finally arrived. Sad moment for Indians!
Awesome news sir 
Masterpiece comes at 19.15 when spokesperson of congress mocked d anchor
The National flag wasnt disrespected on January 26th. It was all preplanned by BJP to lure the youth in this direction and to defame the protest and blame it on one community. BJP has always spread hatred in the name of religion.  
The farmers are not farmers - they are land lord casteists.
After official peing human
The British and Americans are not really entitled to an opinion on Afghanistan anymore because you had twenty years and two trillion dollars to do something about it. Instead you handed over your own money to Raytheon, Northrup and BAE Systems. What you should all do now  is crawl over to Afghanistan on your knees and kiss the feet of the Afghan people and beg their forgiveness for the biblical levels of suffering your wrought upon their heads for no other reason than to satisfy your master's greed.
Power our election coverage by contributing to our #NLSena project: https://newslaundry.com/sena?ref=social
Extra 10% RICH TAX must for all earning above 1CR / ANNUM & another 10% for all earning above 5CR/ANNUM
Yes they should protest even everyone should protest
Delhi police was ordered to fire tear gas and lathi charge, police and RAF  started firing tear gas in the morning and they also killed one yongster. After this young people in protest were quite angry and then started to fight back. This video is not showing the whole story that how delhi police fired shots and killed one person.
these bills were supposed to be for the happiness and well being of the farmers if they are not happy who the hell is modi trying to appease?? end this bullshit let india show its democracy let the farmers vote on it.
L and T 
every one saying its good only have theoretical knowledge they just read and say oh its good for farmers but ground reality and issues r somewhat different which none of these "keetabi keede " wont understand
Stupid Modi-Shah cause of Misery to Indian farmers
It's a good move by the government 
Opposition leaders confidence level now - hum 2024 election jeetne wale hai.
Long live farmers unity! WE WON
THEY COULD GAVE CONDUCTED Anniversary of their agitation by all such gymmics.
Who tell u these bills are in national interest,
Inspite of this video, Republic Bharat Arnab Cawsamy is supporting BJP. India Today is atleat fair in this matter....
I think govt should not repeal these bills rather give state ownerships on their on to whether apply or not to apply in their concern states
Kagana all the best
Who is managing the fields now? Are we staring at a food shortage? Guys start gardening!!!
What kind of police is this?
Poultry firms are running in same way
U r doing a great job.
Ye sab journalists politician ke nichhe chal rahe hain farmer ka kya
Why only Punjab farmers protesting can anyone explain please?
Thank you so much for your efforts Ma'am!
Lol every political party had supported the farm bills or passed their own version at one time or another.
Ha ha ha ha inversion it's  reduced double times
It's good... They all (opposition) want to cook their food only.
.Indian formers r real lions of India
is red fort only for netas
every one have right to protest  according to the law of any country
my video on Republic Day... Guys please support 
Farmers aage bado ham tumhare sath h 
But with contract farming so many firms / herbal/Ayurveda houses will come forwards to purchase them via contract farming.P rod.(Dr.) Prem Khosla
God bless you
Nice analysis and conclusion
Taliban was lucky due to Pakistan locates between both country.
Yea yeasea raJneta hea jo apni party ki bareamea sochte hea.  Koi kisan ki bareamea neahi sochta ...bjp jo koutha seahi tha ....
I don't understand how can they tie-up with the traditional practices when every country is moving forward in the path of development . Farmers are being given with there reasonable demands by Govts. Stubble burning jailing term has been taken away ,what more than that they want. Evn govt. Is ensuring for their goods price. I feel like the way farmers are doing is too stubborn , they are just being get into the net of political agenda of opposition parties , and ready to defame the country. The biggest issue democracy facing today is the right to speak and give expression in "every" matters
Ye format achha hai... 
In logonke vajese poora desh ashanth hai
The States soon realized that the 'muscle' they were flexing against the Union Govt,  turned out to be mere flab in the Global Markets. 
Well explained   
News 24   -   24      
Government has already taken care of farmers after passing the bill. Middle man and commission agents are on the road which government wants. Opposition involmemt in this protest will help bjp to win next election too. Let them do.
Imagine doing it urself and visiting victims for drama urself
All the corrupt parties and traders opposed the bill. Understand the meaning of it. Fake Farmers protesting to devaluate the real farmers and supporting traders to more rich.
Nothing can fix a stupid. Farmers were crying with old rules and were committing suicides. So Government changed the old rules and removed the middleman. These idiots haven't even used the new law and they are already protesting. Politics of protest, these idiots are doomed. No One can save them..!!
Feeling proud to indian
Inhe talwe chatna hai bs
Main reason behind this is the case registered against SKU leaders ....and they know what will be result
Fool !
There one thing missing if farmer is not will to sell to private companies he can sell it in APMC mandi
#NOFARMER NO FOOD
For all I've seen till now in my life....Police is not for the people but against the people and for the government
Poonam Pandit Has joined Congress and this will be the story of all emerging paid leaders of Ardthiys in coming days. Only Poor Kisan have been befooled and these paid leaders are having only one game plan i.e. Joining of politics and these Social Media Ptrakar also have their own agenda. So These Farmers leader (or Paid leaders of Ardthiys) are befooling the poor farmers, mazdoor and all the symphathisers and these are the facts ;
every country should help panjsir
Aimim Only one
One argument against the MSP is that it causes an imbalance in the cropping pattern because it incentivises the farmers into growing the crops that offer them good returns. This argument is a classic case of putting the horse before the cart. See it like this: Punjab is not a land suited for rice. And yet this is happening because there is no MSP on the crops that it can handle better. If the government declares and enforces MSP on every crop, then Punjab and Haryana are more likely to shift to oilseeds and other cash crops. Infact, declaring an MSP is the only way of ensuring a balanced cropping pattern. 
Thank you 
They did not realize that these laws were in their favor.
Modi is doing bad he killed 500 people in dheli over kissan aldolan yesterday he be a good man
Dher lage hai  to rate kiun badh rahe hai
Please encounter ,who are the clashes bariketd...
3- Agriculture Census 2015-16 published in 2019 revealed that average size of land holdings in respective states of Punjab and Haryana is higher than the Average size of national holdings and much higher than that of the state of UP, Bihar, Odisha, WB, MP, Chattisgarh  and other states who have greater dependency of population on agriculture sector for their subsistence therefore creates a condition which coupled with the assistance during the Green Revolution and resulting infrastructure and ecosystem  favours the Punjab farmers more to the farmers of other agricultural states in terms of production capacity, volume, automation, supply on large scale and etc. 
No farmers no food
Just water towers for sale build anywhere in a week in USA
Not happy with the govt outrightly repealing the law. It should have been amended if flaws are there. It may act as catalyst for other protests across country so what will be the govts action for other similar protests then we have to see... Highly disappointed with the govt repealing the law under pressure where the protestors have caused mayhem and ruckus in and around delhi. I don't know why there were no protests around other places in country except Delhi and ncr, aren't farmers everywhere in country or govt is bending it's ways for those who can afford to protest in and around delhi and not caring for other place farmers.
And these farmers protest exposed by great iceberg 
nice hit
Police chor saly
Teacher: Tell all of us a Joke!
Honble Courts and CBI may kindly  also be kept watching on Corporaters and their supporting politician so that they may not run away from country(like frauder Neerav Modi etc)after selling Nationalized Public Sectors properties to profits  based 2-3 Gujarati private corporaters.
Ordinary people don't know these details and are easily mislead by emotional exploitation by ultra slogans of those who are using farmers as a tool for political goals.
Can anyone explain what is the difference between national anthem and national song
Increase FD PPF NPS rates and reduce petrol diesel gas price
Anti MODI are real traitors and look how western countries and celebrities too opposed this law to malign Modi's image of being puppet of big corporate.
All culprits including Rakesh  Tiket should sue lroperly.
Repeat same things many many times 
I m bjp voter bt I saw the pain of farmer to mah country 
Why going to US meeting failed US Biden to form QUAD.
Matt Karo call off I saved Rs. 25000 (toll tax) because of you guys....
All of a sudden an apology. Hypocrisy to it's heights and esp after 700 Lives gone for this cause. Ofcourse, forthcoming elections was the reason not because of any apathy.
How soft policy of present government. But media is not showig real picture.The politician calling it Jailianwala Bagh. There was kisan Andolan in 1998 when police opened fired and killing 24 kisan in Multai, Madhya Pradesh.
Modi is great. Next UN seat for India.
 in the contract farming .. there was also a loophole like if any businessman refuses to take/purchase the contracted crop.. then who will take action.. that was in the hand of SDM of that.. area . & No farmer could go to court for that ... So that was totally blunder... & But with a few changes , that law can provide a good benefits to the farmers...
Shame on RSS BJP people
A true leader celebrates what they wish for and achieves.
 sorry farmers. Maaf karna hamko aap logo k sath normal people nhi join ho rhe hai sorry
After 2-3 months when there will be spike in Covid cases then same people and some portion of irresponsible media will start slandering the governments. 
Satyamev Jayathe....
During the start of the Green revolution the Punjab farmers participated and from then on large number of mandis got created in order to procure and store food grains so that our country does not go in hunger.
We need support from all states and  stand beside these farmers in solidarity.
Excellent  it's solutions of our farmers
I think your Afghanistan reporter needs a break. He seems to be getting less coherent As the day's go on.When can he fly home??
2. Most of protesters were punjabi sikhs
But didn't run away, as this was not his plan..
Pahele to government ko ye check karna chahiye ki wahan exactly kitne real farmers hai.
I support this
Khangress is expert in this and they worked for long time , but due to social media and many people have voluntarily spilled the beans and intentions of khangress are clearly known so everyone knows who is behind this khand!
3rd class PM I never seen
Commotion agents 
Khalistani supported Agitation.. Shame on them... All the brokers.
      Leaders who  can't respond to change, can't lead. 
Why no one talks about how law was passed without voting in rajya sabha
Just looking at them tells me just how desperate they are to get back in power...india toh excuse hai..
Almost anyone who raises voice against any injustice against the government,they will call you anti-national and muslim.
Kashi-Corridor can be a way to defeat Modi in 2024. 
Thank you arnab  that's what happens when u imitate. BTW the laws shouldn't be repealed
No farmers no food 
Bro delhi police ki strength  82000 and 25 % vip security  baaki thodi bahut police station m or baaki 26 january ki parade m crpf  bhi thi toh handle kaise krlete itne saare kissan  ko
They are Khalistan workers
Like the hard work you people do
They are not formers.. actually they accepted peace protest and police agreed. But this is unfortunate and whoever did mistake must be punished as early as possible.
Why do you even invite this man wearing green?  He is an absolute nut case!!
Anarchy won and democracy lost.
Where Is Ravish Kumar
So mindset of rewarding the better quality above the MSP , this will set better and positive competition and better yield and quality when farmers know that he will get above MSP if his quality is better. This way farmer knows that atleast he is going to get MSP. 
Doesn't you find any opposition leader in southern India???
thank you brother sachi news dikhane k lie love your chancel
He is leader he is broker for upa and aap
Tillers , in the Revenue Records . Such NRIs and others then take free 
Iam so sorry bapu
3 farm laws comprises of 18 pages please read it.
It's still going on
Guys if you know why opposition was protesting then you will understand the situation kindly check parliament whole video and also written statements of each of them on official website
Centrists Intellectuals like Abhi and Niyu and you
If someone will hurt sikh sentiments then  this will not be tolerable
Pls withdraw all the F.I.R and give compensation to farmer who losses their lives in protest. Happy Farmer Happy India. Let's make democratic india strong .
NDTV is the best  channel bcuz they always stand with the truth side
Not only in meghalaya.. The whole country police.. Is terrorist..
Deep admiration and respect for Tikaitji.
Can someone explain to us who trained these "Isis Terrorists" to operate helicopters, planes, fighter jets, all different types of military vehicles etc...? Their training program must be one of the fastest and best.
Next Pm of India.
b)  Required money and material input should be provided to farmer if desired by farmer. 
At the same time they should  not act and do protest  as per the evil and anti social  elements  guide lines
BIKKYI HUI CHANEL
What kind of Islam r u talking about?!
I like logic behind your vedios i think you will be a great leader
Elections...this feku will always do these kind of stunts for gaining advantage in elections...at this age don't know why this old idiot is hungry for power..
He has a quality to replace modi he is a real hero
This is how you study Ethics for UPSC to become an IAS and order to break skull.
Respect for patience of Sri rakesh tiket ,keep it up
Who is he . HE bowed before
Long live the farmers. The police should stop the teargas and lathis. High time Modi gives in -otherwise the situation will only worsen. This movement cannot be suppressed. It will spread to the rest of India.
         I love my india https://youtu.be/q0J5xtdAzyQ
From 3:10 to 3:40 it explains everything that was wrong with the new farm laws. Punjab and Haryana are the richest farming states in India and on the other hand you have Bihar where the mandi system was eliminated and new reforms were presented in 2006 and yet they are still amongst the poorest in India? this clearly proves beyond any shadow of a doubt that the new farm laws will not improve the economic conditions of the farmers but will definitely improve the profitability of a few large corporations which are close to this BJP regime.
Why make peace deals with the terrorists. Destroy all the talibs
History will remember how innocent farmers were brainwashed to protest against a bill which was made for their betterment and their welfare.
Love  From PUNJAB 
Modi ji ko strict action lena chahiye, public aapke saath hai
What is the full form of I N C. ? Before Independence_ Indian National Congress. After Independence_ Indira National Congress. Now_ Italian National Congress .
Probably he is corrupt,Any idea how much does a corrupt SDM earns per month ???
It's an act of encouragement by union govt...though late....welcome...
I'm not finding Rakesh tikaith Trolls pls do he will feel his postion in India
After a city falls to Taliban, in no way a fault of innocent afghan civilians, without giving ample time to evacuate, REVENGE BOMBING is started by USA & Afghan Air Force (Indian Pilots) killing innocent men women and children. This bombing is purely a  massacre and hence amounts to war crime on the part of USA & Ashraf Ghani, both should be tried under Geneva Convention. Air attacks are wilful inhumane killings, of Innocent civilians.
One day we will entre the station and give a blow to this anchor.....
Shame shame shame there are bhakts everywhere see republic bharat news.. Ek bandriya nachti hui dug dug kr rhi h
Sadday for India's economic progress. No Govt will dare to touch land reforms or Agri reforms. Both these are the biggest impediment to investment and the biggest source of corruption and black money in the country. we briefly had hope that India was going todramtically change and join the more advanced nations club. But that willl nowhav eto wait fr another decade or so. Anarchists have won and proved that an empowered majority govt can also not change the fortunes of India. we will muddle along making compromises and protecting private interests and ruling parties will only prioritize electoral arithmetic over reform
Msp law dsnt mean govt gonna buy,   it means whether govt buys or private atleast  minimum.must ne paid
Option, A
If this Goverment comes back they can bring back the same law in defferent way.
Frauds , Its not Broker pay the tax . Farmer pays the Tax. Brokers are buying it from farmers less price . If he sell outside , he will get good price . 10 Janpath Salve . Stop this nonsense
Then why did the government introduce it in first place? What were the expected benefits of it?
The spokesman acted and spoke like a chook running helteen skelter.
I'm your main channel's subscriber
So Government have officially confirmed to the  nation that there will be the minimum support price and it will not be removed... In fact since 2014, government has bought more food from farmers to support them then the earlier government...
Who's here after modi repeal the laws?
so tell me who killed those 5 pople
We support farmers 
Good morning Modiji, time to wake up and recognise the 600+ deaths your decision and stubbornness has caused, not to mention the pain, suffering and angst caused to millions. Must be election time soon?
Are  andh bhakts mad at you?
It's sad that the biggest democracy in the world is now only for name sake.
New modi drama need votes because this time no Ram mandir
Amazing explanation! keep it going sir!
I shamed to support BJP .. very bad situation our country is going through..
Big, Make Govt. Non-functional and create Negativity among people, 
Police needs food
Hello friends this video super and visit my gaming channel
> Took every action and tactics to stop scrapping of A -370 from Constitutional , against the Ram Mandir, CAA, and many more, Now he is against Agriculture Reform, He is actually a Curse on Nation
Red fort par kuch nhi galat hoya
What a manipulative speech
pm  wants to make his friends richest in the world ,
In my experience, American, we (still) have the same kind of 'issue' w/ our politicians. Learning from the past to avoid the same failures seems unobtainable. How did we go from the League of Nations to Marshall Plan and then (backwards) to whatever it is that the US has been doing the last 20-30 years!?!?  
Kids are celebrating reapealing of farm bills..
Farmers proud of you at least some one has guts to fight against dictator gunda modi and bjp.... We support farmers
Strange that you are trying to cover up SDM.
I also support farmer you have all sense what you said
Rss no 1 terrorist  group  in India  rss group  create problems  attacking  farmers  ban rss  rss very very  dangerous  terrorist  group  ban rss
THEY ARE PAID COOLIES NOT FARMERS MAINTENNED BY OPPOSITION
Whoever will acknowledge me before men, I will acknowledge him before my Father in heaven; and whoever disowns me before men, I will disown him before my Father in heaven.  (Matthew 10: 32-34) 
 farmer  food no future_________
An IIM topper went to Patna to sell veggies and became a millionaire, farm bills would give same opportunity to all farmers
Judiciary Reforms. Need of the hour
https://youtu.be/fVnRRBQ1D3M see in this link real farmers saying what
Modi & BJP Face is Revealed
Rakesh Congress ka Chala Hai
Everyone is a Gangster Untill the real gangster comes in
Indian army is trusted
Aap logo se request hai ki students ke bare me bhi soche aur" rrb group d" bare me aawaj uthaye
This is not a farmers movement. By now this should  be clear to all.This is something  much bigger and more dangerous  for our country ,as I see it
   ""   1947     "   M-   , 2         RSS  BJP   M     ??
Thnk you modi g after deaths of 700 farmers your brain worked
Now come at the protests, India is a country of 1.4bn, 60% of its population work in agriculture. Do you really think some 5-10 thousands farmers from only 2 states represent the whole nation?? These protests were organised due to vested political interests, people who sat on roads have nothing to gain from repealing of these laws, though if they're real farmers then it's a loss of opportunity for them.
First of all these are not farmers they are paid actors. Farmers are actually the one who are waiting for to their crop get cultivated these are two face bitches
2. Patiala King Bhupinder louda got British aircraft in 1910 and Maybach from Hitler in 1935.
NAYA INKALAB ACHUKA HA BHARAT ME,MODI  AUR GODI JITNI JALDI HO KHISAK LO WARNA RAASTE CHOWRAHE PE BJP WALON KO AUR GODI MEDIA KOREA PHANSI DE DE GI JANTA
11. You put disclaimer about already making a decision but it seems it was cuz you knew there would be repercussions
Blaim goes to we the people who choose such shameless people
Rakesh Ticket is your father,you both are trying to be smart .you have as wisdom as Mr.Tiket has in his toe.
BUT  WE  HAVE  TO  KICK  BJP  OUT  OR  BJP WILL TAKE  REVENGE  ,   BJP  HATAAO :  DESH  BACHAAO.
We had to make our presence felt, because your government could not see us for last 60 days.
The quint is the one of many media who spread fake news
It's sad to see these illiterate farmers and their so-called "leaders" with vested interests protesting for something fictitious like thinking that government will stop providing MSPs to farm produce. To those who don't know a dime about the Indian Agriculture system, my advice is Google a little and gain some knowledge about the dire issues that this law intends to address. It would have been fine if farmers were protesting after the govt. has taken back the MSP support which is never gonna happen because no political party is dumb enough to lose farmers' vote which is about 70% of the working class (it's a huge number believe me) by cutting down MSPs. 
She godi media  is treated badly 
13. Hitler had come to power lying
Thank u so much ....it's to satisfying ...make more video related to FCI
We never apology him and waiting for resigning at BJP
 The bjp is selling the nation's railways and roadways to Adani and Ambani. Why no action against them?
Contract farming benefits/ Traditional(desi wheat  )  is available @Rs. 150 to Rs 250 rupees a kilogram at Amazon & Flip cart. Elder  farmers  know how to cultivate "Desi wheat/ " but because of  huge  cost and lack of purchasers and  less  yield as compared to varieties purchased on MSP they are helpless. But if there is assured purchase by contract farming will it benefit or harm health & economy of punjab/Haryana farmer's? Prof. (Dr.) Prem Khosla
Godi govt spread the mess around the country.
Shame on you abp news
Save farmers Save India
Tum jaisa gaddaar media are responsible for today's condition of the country .Desh ke gaddaaron ko juthe maaarna saaalon Ko.
Very well done mam, MP JUDICIARY mains in coming soon, can you please help in providing  important other topics too? Thank you for attaching pdf
The Supreme Court has to understand that the reason for farmers to continue their protest is because of its temporary stay on implementing the idiotic farm bills. It has to ABOLISH the farm bills once for all! And this is the ONLY permanent SOLUTION. The Supreme Court must act as per the directions from the Indian constitution and not as per the directions from the ruling government. 
Modi India.Shameless ,and he is still proud of removing 370.even British rule was better than this.
In future ka Aane Wala PM... Angad Singh God bless u dear... Be continue Best of Luck....
how many death? where is sanction
Shame on Government and Police  - Power to the people.
Nicely explained.
lol..... ppl who don't get votes are asking to design laws
Conveniently ignoring the fact that other 4 people killed were BJP workers
Salam he is police officer ko jisne hindu muslim k bhaichre ko bigaad nese bachaya
Tikait is a fraud, his children are well setteled in foreign, he is spending his days in five stars and the poor gullible farmers are sitting on the roads........
Expected strategy from government tofail andolaan...Ghar bula Kar rasta Nahi bataya
Hindu Sikh are children's of same mother jai Hindu jai sikh
India is proving as a terrorist state
As we know our education system is worst, many illiterate  people give vote to wrong govt not for democracy but for religion
never try to help a idiot ....they deserve poison ...reason election  or war ...
the world has lost its mind
1. Hitler had not got married
Gov: "Who want's to change?"
Two reasons getting precipitation only in winter....
Protestors want govt to buy unlimited quantities of food grains without any quality check at ever increasing prices and even if Indian food grain prices are higher than global prices.
Skm nazeer e history in the world 
Bill is good for farmer
Opinion: "SP is much better than BJP but both corrupt, isiliye Delhi bhi dekhna or fir sochna... maine to dekhi h, AAP bhi dekhna...because results matters the most!"
Fact of matter us that The PAFC, on behalf of the Punjab government is already promoting contract farming on a large scale to bring necessary diversifi-cation in the state. 
Big F c  K  for B  J P .  Dump B J  P  In Trash
Lol bulls hit is what this is
Pakistan is a problem for Afghanistan as well as the whole world
These are your views which are totally wrong.
We know. You cant sell your black rice anywhere but to FCI, which you cant eat, and no one could eat in the world. Would you please not break the rest of the country farmers back for the sake of selling your not usable crop to the government.
Britishers are back....ye jo police kisano ko dande mar rahi hai wo kya anaj ke badle mitti khati hai?...shame shame
Go for Khalistan we are with you
How is Maharashtra impacted by these laws? Sharad Pawar already implemented these in 2003.
Beshak Aap Atul hai chnke Aap Charon taraf chauras Nazar se dekhte hain Churasia jii thank you for your good job
Cancer Patient , please help
Nect pm Rahul Gandhi
Unnecessary suffering ? So this is one of modi donkey too
Farmers unity jindabaad.
The secret is, the worldly women kept USA thinking to Jesus like it was illegal , only to kept control of people for food in the long run. we are all people close people in 2022
India is an agricultural country and its farmers are who feed the nation. Shame on its government for selling them out and exporting its produce more than using it to feed its own people.
Excellent analysis... Sir! Thank you... Sir 
shame on you ...usa army.. you can not stand against taliban... where you will go and will hide your coward face. i hope you will stop saying yourself super power now.
80% of Indians dont know what are these farm laws first they should know this
It has failed
1. UNconstitutional - only STATES can make those laws and bot the Cemtral govt.
Truth always wins and inshaAllah kisan andolan will again drag India into the right path 
Vai App chhorke goye fir se usme samil ho jao
Thank u so much sir
I m also Farmers Son but now I not Support this Protest
Ghazwa E Hind will start soon End game for Endia Taliban are the punishment of Allah on Mushriqeen bas**** for torturing Muslims in india 
Becoz of you people become help less,,, 
Modi has actually fooled these guys because he has something else planned
M with farmer as this is their guinine demand and right ...
Monopoly should be ended
Why CONTRACT FARMING ?? what way it is related to GLOBALIZATION ???
And  I think this is the only journalist who always speak on fact ,
Blatant application of Gujarat model by sujata when she says that modi need not condemn the lakheempur incident ,  w.r.t. 3 bjp workers killed ,  but priyanka gandhi must do the same. 
You first look at your country where you are producing virus like jinping  instead of producing food coz you are suffering from food crisis. At least our country allows people to protest and freedom of speech and what you did during pandemic in your country especially in wuhan world notice that too. #India against propaganda# India will Unite.
Ans. A) State Governments.
Congress behind this....they always destabilise the nation
Just send shaktiman.. He will destroy taliban in seconds..
Not for hindus
English not Hindi
Aaraam ki aadat ab lag gayi hai. BMW's and B777's. It is dificult for a person of this age, without a family, to go back to his chaiwaala days. There is no love lost with the farmers. A wise birdie has whispered in his ear - Compromise and let the party continue-the Black suits-the Black cars- the foreign jaunts- the Country can look after itself !!!!!! The genetic design of these people does not change. They will bite again whenever they get a chance. It will be foolishness to trust them with our children s future again !!!!!!!!
What students leaders are to south Indian politics...farm mandi leaders are to North indian politicis. Modi govt should bring this bill.. farmers will benifit immensely....new technology will be brought by mnc and govt red tapism will decrease
I'm in the UK and interested in what is going on with the farmers.  Trying to understand the laws or the reason why the farmers are protesting is not simple as your reporting shows the complexity and nuances of the situation.  A very well considered impartial reporting style.  Thank you.
Support Farmers 
wth? sick
Bjb it cell only jimmedaar
 "sick" ppl kill our PM coz she did what was right
aren't convinced at all  lets throttle down a little bit. results will 
APMC ... can be used as benchmark for setting MSP as a minimum procurement price for the commodities?
Limited crop buying in each state so each state get equal right and equal benefit of law.
Sir fertilizer price is so high .....
India is a democracy by name.
Thanks a lot for clarification ...
what can i say.. the best explanation of this topic i ever received in the past... bravo dear saneorita amiga
Brilliant ideas
Modi and BJP is born to destroy  the Nation.
Privatization hona confirm h
I fought against the Soviet Union but now I watch RT!
well,seeing the sentiment of people turning more against farmers in the comment section it s more evident that govt itself have instigated this violence or have sent their people to do these violence or bhakts and IT gang are doing their job sincerely...
Jai hind brote
Well explained...
Though many are called, few are chosen.  (Matthew 22: 14)  
By what angle these people look like Kisan.They are bichole.Please see ST andolan at Mumbai have no proper tent,Dal roti not to talk about lavious lungar.
Such superficial reasons to oppose such a good bill.
India is a dangerous country to live in now
Mr Modi has been arm twisting all Indians for about 7 years and thank God our great farmers jointly brought him to his knees. Our prayers are with the families who lost their members 
the death is not by violence godi media... this is murder... and violence came after this massacre as its result.......
Wonderful analogy !!
1. Pakistan will effect Indian economy by internal riots without Pakistan military attack
If you vote for BJP , this is your fate.. atleast now vote for your regional parties who will represent you
Shameless this andolan is now putting commoners in trouble. 
And i want say within few weeks it will 1year complete farmer protest so we will support them becoz godi media will not support  they will defamed them 
God bless our humanity 
If any private player(company) getting monopoly? Tab kya karenge hum......? 
Didnt able to stand on his views.
@AbhiandNiyu  One factual error- "Farmers are not allowed to sell their produce outside their state" where the fact remains, that, "Traders" or the "Middlemen" cannot sell it outside their own state. But your video was easy to understand and not biased
1:56 The entire school when you bring a pack of gum
Niw i think only farmers can save farmers.Those farmers who supports this law should come on roads otherwise future of farmers is dark.
Democracy?  Dus the SDM know he eats food produced by farmers anndata !
Love, care, equality& respect to every jeev atma or every human beings. Hindus also mard soo come out in the favour of farmers. Every religion and every one supports farmers because farmer are ann data. Farmers feed everyone food, vegetables to every one. Farmer are also God.
Govts are not the king they are there because we chosen them . Goverment are there to serve us but this govt . Have  the most shameless people's in it .
Can experts here tell me point wise the benefits of these laws for farmers and also address the apprehensions of the farmers ????????????
Democracy cannot be Won by Advertisements, the money for which came from Electoral Bonds.
Very Sad and very bad
The congress spokesperson has clearly said and ask the govt what threat do exservicemen can create
Britain Westminster type democracy ko jimmedar mante hai...humey Russia Iran style system of democracy governance chaiye....
Just people are commenting based on their ideology. 
Otherwise vedio is good and informative 
26th january ye step lena chahiye tha.
Getting political support or even international support is important for any movement as long as the platform is not for electoral campaigns!!!
Thanku so much Harshit sir...
He has copied his suggestion of implementing in BJP states from Dr. Swamy. Swamy has been advocating this since long time.
Time for Rahul to take a step back and let priyanka , do all the publicity and talking. As most people like her and not him. He is ruining her chances of getting more support.
He is not worth of this limelight but some Pappu Khan media House giving undue attention to tikat. Tv 9 is one of paid media House
Look who is talking
I support our farmers and stand with them
We support farmers 
Doraemon 14
Well explained. Very useful video
There shall be no more death, sorrow or pain.
Full support from Kerala
BAOT SAHI KAHA TIKAIT SAHAB NE  KE BJP KE AANE E BAAD CORRUPTION JAIDA BAD GYA HAI. YEH TOH HUMNE BHI FEEL KIYA HAI DAY TO DAY LIFE MEIN
Taliban Beware . Saleh is coming
After watching this heart scratching news, it's a big regret for me that I had voted for BJP.
To support the unemployment 
  You want money to ask your former president who was running away with 4 JEEP filled with millions  and 4 bank account in DOUBAI.
The bill benifits only the bastard businessmen.
Ham kisano ki haalat bhi sudharna chahte h kuchh change karna bhi nhi hone dena chahte.... Very bad example of democracy
Shame on Congress for introducing this bill earlier in parliament.
If Kashmir is changing by aborting article 370 then why not Kerala?
Wait and see,
APMC ke workers state government hote hai to anaj central government kyu khareedati hai.
Dlal media coverage..what is police doing there..just waiting as said..provoking people for media coverage
Please share this essay PDF agriculture bill 2020
If msp became legal then entire agriculture market will collapse.... Agriculture goods are commodity it's price can not be fixed... Price is based on demand and supply..... But 
Farmers life being destroyed. .. Only seeds from international company will be given or decided. The price of product eg tomato potato will be decided by the international company.. A big blow for farmers who hardwork will be plundered by international and middlemen 
I want 2 speakers in loksabha and rajyasabha who will teach manners to the members
Let us not compare our Agro Economy Culture with that of Europe or US.Total market at our desposal is of more than 1000 billion Populetionnwhich includes India Bangladesh Pakistan Middle East Africa etc. Logistically also it is placed very favouribaly.
I don't understand why are they given so much importance. Just ignore them
bribe Patwaris and show themselves as ' Khud Kasht '- i.e. Actual 
Simply British rule is followed by now
@US have modest president who always kissing Xezinping behind the curtain.
Honestly, I have seen this video today, I thought it must boring but it's not really easy and helpful...thanks
Yadav & the Congress goons should
with hindus dont have any Agenda , they dont have any Global funding, 
I have a doubt. In this video you have mentioned that the APMC doesnt buy at MSP but in the video of farm bills you have mentioned how APMCs are used by big farmers to sell at MSP?? How?
Wow Shekhar Sir, what a great prophecy.
I don't understand why the SUV's run over the farmers .... At the end they pay the price...RIP for the people's who died 
dominate and say this is our land . Over time rest will also flew away. 
Illiterate farmers of India don't know that how much harm they did to themselves. Why on earth they want intermediary come between them and customers.
Only people with Brahmanical mindset will oppose farmers. Farmers epitomise hardwork.
They were never good for the farmers or the people. We know who they served. I think you should not ask us for the subscription, when you speak for the Adani's.
what a stupid logic.
Live long
The nations money is not unlimited and is a scarce resource which can be better spent on alternate avenues rather than subsidizing the sector which was least affected by covid. When you rejoice on the victory of few kisaan netas, you are indirectly telling me that I should pay taxes and not have a say on where my money goes because you sir, are rejoicing on the fact that my elected representative decided otherwise but his vote didnt matter in the end.
Good to see the beeb getting real news out
There was a thought that created Pakistan. What had happened in Muzaffarnagar is unacceptable. Never support such force under political clutter. Supporting Kidnapping and murder was secularism. Victim punished under name of secularism.
Modi ji you are so great sabse best ho aap
Fight for it
Aimim only
Arrest all Mandi merchant miscreants
Misleading Godi media lapdog. This one.
Stupid police officer trusted the traitors and Jihadists. No point in talking bull shit now
Its not monopoly ; its monopSony
True information and zero politics  very good sir
Proud to be a bengali
Congratulations so called farmers (sellers). Youve successfully broken a man who actually thought for the betterment of the hardworking farmers of India who didnt get the value for their crops. Youve shown the world that by bullying, abusing the police and wasting taxpayers money by blocking major highways anything can be done. Good job to you goons and stay happy with the decision but remember youve taken the curse of those millions of hardworking farmers doing this 
Delhi police shame on you
In the future farmers of Punjab, Haryana and UP will be blamed for the farmer suicides in other states.
I am a fermar  narendra modi is the diegester prime minister
Can you make a video where man was lynched by so called Khalistanis
56 inch chest punchered lol
Thanks for valuable information
It  was gen
Lage raho....... NDTV 
may I ask about fine + extra tax given to farmers if company take backstep .... isn't good for farmers ..ki agr farmers vo legal notice S.C  m dikha de to company ko kitna fine dena hoga....
I thought Governments were elected.
2 minutes series are not of 2 minutes 
Were is the Mask of your reporter
Sonu Sood actor hai. Political matter  ko deal krne ki koshish nahin krni chahia
Shame on those who support them.
UP Election
God is always with you don't worry!
Imran Khan used to wear all modern clothes married foreign nationals, studied abroad and talks this shit..joker kahi ka 
Fraud govt of India
Luteyan Media Needed Something to Chew on !!! Got One 
Good luck   bahut acha
Very nice class sir ji. Good luck aarati saran. Barmer se.
Hahahaha, it felt like I am listening to some stand-up comedy.
BJP is a total waste, curse to our Nation
Dictatorship shown by BJP ruled states, Digging well built Roads to setup barricades using stones, Dirt and vehicles, what a shameful act by Modi Govt.
She is right
The farmers of India sheding more tears than the tear gas can make.
First kick out the Khalistanis , it should be the foremost condition for talk . Most of the protesters are commission agent , who have been putting the farmers in ransom for years and now they want the same to be done with the government and Delhites .
BJP activist deep sindhu and their group is responsible watch it https://youtu.be/-PAImxBFxR0
With left and mslm lobby getting stronger due to wokism etc in west Modi is a liability for hindu causes. In the back of his mind he is on the defensive because of gujarat riots history. Particularly because he cares too much about international image.
"What is Democracy?, Why Democracy?" - class 9 - Pol. Science - first chapter
It happened after 700+ farmers died recently and is also because UP, Punjab, Haryana election are going to start it is just a political move to hide his win by cheating as if he won with farmers law not taken back it will result in a massive response from both the state's that no one voted bjp and bjp cheated in election
Farm bill repealed
Shame ful media
Great Explanation. Thank you very much. 
Tera fhod de? Sahi kiya is officer ne... Hi log traffic me fase h .. Inki wjh se... Unke man me bhi yahi ata h.. ki mari.. bhgao... hospital jate h log.. Wo mar jate?
Could someone explain why Punjab State  Farners are the only area have this issue vs other states in India? Thanks
Laver Act     ,  congres        
Well deserved victory
Very helpful for aspirants . Informative video sir 
This failure will somehow be spun into a master stroke all over the right wing circles. Modi will be turned into a hero once more even after the Chinese have established an entire village in our territory.
If they don't want it,why should he take all the blame? Let the farmers decide their future. They'll surely regret one day. No one can save them unless they decide to save themselves.
JAI JAWAN JAI KISAN now please please please apologize our honorable PM that your Bad Decision for the demonetization which effect our Country's GDP
Yes media's job is to be aggressive. And being a democracy it has to ask tough questions to the ruling party.
MUJHE LALNTOP SE JUDANA HE KESE
Entire nation stands with kissan..annadatha . Jai Hind Jai kissan!!!
Mohdi is telling you . .that this is the international border, this side Hindustan . .that side Khalistan. What is the confusion? Congratulations on your independence . .Khalistan Zindabad
Farmers point: they are worried about price of their crop, MSP gives some reliance , so they are demanding for it.
Please make a video on arthiyas
They are not farmers
People saying they are not peacefully protesting. There have been nine rounds of talks between farmers and central government. You cant expect every single farmer to protest peacefully theyll lose their patience at some point. While look at that one man who rescued that police personnel. Shame on central government who still wants to talk. Just repeal those laws whats the big deal!
Is not the owner of the vehicle culpable liable.
Public do not likes  people they are kishan
When Justice is on your side no one can stop you
The kisan andolan will not stop.
BJP is a party that protects the interests of the upper castes. As Biniyas are upper caste who are not allowing BJP to pass a law of MSP. The sizable number of upper castes are not farmers and live in cities.
Full support to nihung singhs well done babaji 
86% of farmers were screwed before, I don't see the point of restoring the status quo. That's just ensuring that tens of thousands of farmers will die a slow death.
He is a khalistani
Why this farmers protest not in Congress and Opposition ruling States. Only around Delhi for more than one years by disturbing the normal life in that area
Congrats farmers 
Bjp killed them. Give full news
Can the changes be brought back in 'near' future ? Seriously asking, like has something similar happened earlier maybe.
Ohgod watttt a shamefull government of India.If u r a PM of a country it doesnt mean that u can do watever u want.modi is a baddest prime minister ever.he wants to change India in hindutav which is impossiblr thing fuckin EVMs primeminister
Two steps back. Tactical retreat is not new .No need to be emotional about it 
u need some more knowledge.. come between us in  protest.
Rss         
Nice vedio gud knowledge.
You know what ? We the people are fed up of these fake farmer protests ! Shoot the lot of them because they are the ones holding the country to ransom !
This a** hole is dedicated to bringing the 3rd wave.
You are such a amazing 
They speak so bcz they know their bhakts will get it
Get your facts right . Remember Rajdeeps blunder some months back. Dont rush to conclusions.
   3.1 essential commodities bill- against artificial demands (like onion shortage)
People shuld give befit reply to congress in upcoming elections..
Tikait exposing himself, was politically irrelevant and will remain irrelevant!
All our opposition leaders require reeducation in concentration camps.
Appeals strengthing farmers unity...kisan zindabad 
Hindustan Times a question to you: Why did you use the word 'siege'? Please explain.
The truth is that India is still colony of UK monarchy who had forced repressive parliamentarian political to subdue people. India is still a dominion  under commonwealth nations of British Monarchy under British Law.  The EVM main switch is in the hand of European neo-colonial powers and it is tuned on and off in favor of populist puppet parliamentarian political parties and their leaders who follow the orders and implement them. This switch which is turned on and off through IMF, World Bank, WHO,UN Security council, and NATO. So good luck with your dream to think India is an free country and a democracy. 
There are about 130 million farmers in India (more than the population of many big countries in the world) and certainly, not all of them are protesting because most of them will be benefited from this law.
How to cop with tear gas 
a) Britishers and indians
Mr Shekhar pl throw light on Swaminathan commission report !
Love you from roshanpura village najafgarh new Delhi 
Joe Biden is progressive capitalist. China is progressive socialist not communist.
The President will talk Cong? What will he talk? The president is a modi stooge!
Free Punjab and haryana  EU  supports 
Great sir.... really a eye opener video for all
Very informative. Thanks, 
Shameless bots supporting shameless decision in comment section.
Dont let BILL GATES get his way with Indian farming in the future
#fightforjustice
Really informative
So sad for all india
Big victory for farmers. Unity in farmers once again proved itself. Like bhagat singh had gotten victory over Britishers by hunger strike was continued  more than two months.
Gov is doing nothing instead killings its on countrys farmer 
No March of farmers. But unmanaged crowd.
LMAO. Now Punjab is open for the BJP. And Congress doesn't have material, surprised Pikachu faces..
We are not safe in India as a Muslim
This is not a unbiased videos.
Decisiveness judge from this improbable peculiar circumstances
Hi, here is a link to a panel of Indian women from the UK trying to fight for the farmers protest please share and support: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fa8prkRxzJc
Cifa advisor Saab the MSP is not in bill
Had to come back here after finally winning our cause. Farmers can all go back to their families after months and months of hardships.
Wish that these so called leaders of democratic country understands the problems of farmers. Support Farmers.
Reliance JIO is a recent example of how all other players including BSNL is in ICU because of such competition.
     UP                              
shame on india so call biggest DEMOCRACIES in the world shame on its terrorist government mr phodi and todi shah fighting with their own innocent farmers
56" failed in the match
Bjp hatao desh bachao modi govt is farmers genocide
Our Father in heaven, hallowed be your name,
done chakkajam (round up of delhi) with lot of demands along with item 3 demand of letter( submitted to delhi police) that the 
You're right UP and Punjab jitna hai toh politics toh hoga hi
I love you....next time please I need you in my life as my father..
Yes you said it rightly, No MSP guaranteed in this bill which brings fear to everyone
14:02 thank me later
So stupid beating up farmers.   Without farmers, the city people would starve.    Take care of all your farmers man.
This Govt does not fight shy of Reforms. They have after all tightened the umbilical cord in Kashmir with a motherly hug, and severed the cord in Air India with no more than a shrug. 
This is the age of social media. Within hours reality has been exposed. This is another try of Shaheen Bagh but will also see the same fate as Shaheen Bagh. Modi ji will only gain more out of these disruptions.
This is the  truth  Oh MyGod entire politics.. Anybody in this situation  will only try to save his life..   ..
Apmc will be destroyed and jio mart will directly by from farmers.
Covid-19 doesn't came to India but it was  brought by our govt & politicians
Thats truly amazing! Lets stay in touch!
India should capture afghanistan save afgaani people and kill all Talibani and show how much Indian Army  powerful in the world. 
Ye sab politics ho rahi 
Ehat debate? We have idiots who rven do not understand what they are saying, then we have the Congress leadership who think they own India and continually drunk.
Taliban is pakistans ally this is a game of deception. Taliban and pakistan is just creating drama . This how taliban will turn over afghanistan to pakistan . A smooth colonization lol.
This known  as Islam true clour
Sham on you
Modi is nothing without his script writers and directors. His directors has seen so many presidents and prime ministers videos. Modi underlined repel while saying the word which is  copied from Obama. Copy cat dies soon and he is aged also moreover. 
Jo marzi paddha lo desh ko kuch ni hona idhar bura haal hi rhna hai. Nothing's gonna change. Cause people are pricks in this country.
No one can harm our SOVEREIGNTY ; our UNITY IN DIVERSITY 
Fake channel kI fUDU anchor
1. Wat Tyler revolution 1381.
I was searching for knowledgeable video. Sorry! I think, i have arrived at wrong destination.. You please keep going. 
1) Shanta Kumar committee's report is not accurate 
Tribal War won't solve the Problem
Any anti-national should be shot dead instead of lathi-charged. (Sarcasm)
The issue here is that the MSP is a voting bank used by those in power to get the votes of those in Punjab and other surplus cultivators.
For all foreigners who don't know whats going on, these protest are politically motivated and only 2 sates are participating in it as the State govt of these states is highly corrupt and had whole wholesale market under its monopoly and they used to buy produce at low cost and sell it. The new laws are just a way to bypass their monopoly and that is why these states are protesting, all of them are political party workers not real farmers, real farmers don't act like this.
Bjp is a terrorist organisation a rogue party
Am always with u but be careful
please show this speech in AAJ Tak....
Thank you na students
Police ek number fattu che jungleshwer , Haideri chowk tya to jati nathi tya roj daru utre che ....
SC has done great disservice to the nation..
Sanjay Sir,  the moment you call this Joker , Beef Eater       
I don't know only time will give last judgement.
Thank you so much..
Wake up modi government or the day citizens decide no government can remain how capable the leader is.....
Very good explanation on farm bills by Mr Gupta
Do you know problems facing by farmers
Well timed decision on repealing three farm laws.
wajha kuch bi bolo" farmers ek rahe  lage rahe ". ...... great work   sikho  Owaisi , CONG,  OTHER PARTIS  shuld also lern  in UP, PUNJAB  elections "SAB EK HO JAO"
Still the tv media did not reach ground
If you want to win a war against enemies who don't want peace, forget about diplomacy or being moral or politically correct.
Love from Kashmir 
ONLY states have constitutional authority to make these laws, NOT central government!
So it took 750 lives of farmers to force modi to take back 3 laws only..
Thanks for providing the amazing information on this topic 
Not abp
They are not farmers as they are distroying public property and insulting national flag .. it's very much more on political drama
Rewatch Rewatch Rewatch
Way to go .Lets anger the farmers.
Govt always want that so that they can broke them
Everyone should still stay until modi resigns.
We may need some soldiers sometimes
HAHA good luck trying to fly any of these machines or service them.
Modi ji why you are unable to control this antinational tikait
They are prolonging it .
#NoMoreBJP
Good BBC aap reality toh dikhate hai jo aur news nhi dikhati
Why is it always about one person ?? Narendra Modi . Who is he ??? Why he is visible in the Hindi mainstream media 24*7 ? Any bridge, any foundation, any school , any institution is meaningless unless Modi doesnt go there and do the opening ceremony of it. That means only one person is responsible for that much development. My goodness. Is it not fascism or what ? How can one guy be given credit for everything? And if he loves to have credit then why doesnt discredit?? If he has done so much for this country , then why he has not taken a single question in an open press conference in last 6 years ? Why is he scared of a single press conference?? 
Our news media sold its soul to defend the government no wonder shit like this happens..
why this is happening you know 
wow this riot looks cool. I'm surprised they are allowed to do these kind of stunts. If this were in china they would be already dead.
Labourers and farmers must not let this neoliberal government ruin them. First consult and convey properly then bring any such legislation. Don't force things and fulfill agenda of your sinister financiers.
Well said brother
JAI HIND!!
If food grains are to be cheaper, then price of cement, data,, oil must be cheaper
The BJP does not treat the people as human beings. India needs a revolution.
A tho modi ke accha din
I may not agree with what you Say but I will defend your right to say it
Govt is having restrictions,  we people should teach them.lessons
These anarchists should have been dealt with after 26 Jan! Now they will create more
Khadge ji, Congress  toh pahle se aap kya kar rahe they since last 60-65 years.
Why are we still having cases pending in Courts inspite of fast-track courts?
This is mentality of Hindus.....world must brace ITSELF ....the communal hate will destroy every part of World
  ,  56  ,            ,          .    .               .            .    ,         ,    180  ,  ,     . RAWAT  56 "   . RAWAT     (  ) .            ,      .    56 "     . 56"        ,             .           ,      RWAWAT   ,    ,               .
Lol. Since election is near hes acting out. Big fat LOL!
Maharashtra govt not giving appropriate msp? Can I ask my uncle to sell it in telengana if msp is more
pls pura bhashn dekho 
These bills are totaly against punjabi sikhs.
Wait and watch we are coming soon with Ghazwa e Hind InshaAllah
We dnt want modi government again....next election my vote Kejriwal
search the script of original farm bill talked in lok sabha.
Your kishan Andolan not as per constitution. It is illegal.
Cuttea ka chenal hai tera
only a farmer knows his farming potential
nice practical explanation. appreciate you work and thankyou
Crystal cleared 
Only Punjab and Haryana farmers have a problem with this law because of the middlemen and dalals.
As a small farmer from uttarakhand i thought i would sell my hard earned vegetables wherever i can but unfortunately i guess this is my fate to die poor, and those who were protesting in their audis and bmws will remain rich by power.
The Untold Story about Afghanistan
Pakistan should help us just like india helped bengladeshies in 1971. Come on Pakistan, this is your turn.
       .to  
Thanks for the information :))
Thank you sir for clear my dout
we need this as a JPG or any other format.
Kindly re explain the concept
Wrongs 3- they not replace apmc, gov not useless ,they have planned
Ambani -Adani are not involved in Agribusiness 
Why Indian Govt is putting Decat on head. He is nothing except a Indian. We are also Indian, but we are also patriots. Decat is anti national. He should be in jail under law.
You remove national flag and put Khalistan flag and call it peaceful? Army should be called in and all these violent people arrested.
If farmers get their dues it directly cuts the high profit by middlemen. I'd this govt. really thinking about farmer and bring market under control?
Sir, Our anndata (Kishan) protesting for their rights in the bill but our respectable prime minister modi sab justified Kishan bill today in man ki baat, Our PM giving his man ki baat to andhbhakt but not listening man ki baat of India's farmers man ki baat,he should listen to farmers.
Anchor looks and her questions compliments each other. Rotten  and Badhbudar!!
Shame on you khattar 
your thumbnail only contains a a person wearing khailstani tshirt
Anyone tell me what good this BJP did for India other than making people to sleep in the streets 
Thank u Quint 
Educated imbeciles, don't understand anything at all. They're enjoying good jobs in the corporate sector because of the very same free markets that they're opposing in agricultural sector.
Supreme Court has lost its credibility and government doesnt enforce all decisions made by it. It enforces only what are favorable to it. 
Ye interview me to kuch aur hi bola hoga shayd
Now denying MSP by BJP govt.means again handing over farmers to the volfs !
Why are they not allowed to enter
There shall be showers of blessing.
Shame on Hindu Government 
For yours is the kingdom and the power and the glory, for ever. 
Farmers cannot hold the Govt hostage to their demands !
#Proud of Our Farmers 
it's like Jonny sins a Farmer
Modi=godi media +andh bhakts +what's up university
The whole question  arises from your version of story that why the jeep was ramped up on to the protestors? Are you been running away from being questioned?
RaGa for INDIA
Trudeau is just cool ... doesn't give a shit to nonsense spread by Indian govt
Excellent and detailed analysis
Modi has to resign from his pm chair 
Modi ji aap kuch bhi kar lo a drama up election Tak chale ga . Agar kisan chahta to  3 din me kanun bapas ho jata .if farmers stop food chain supply. This film is making by Congress till up election
This is only an analysis not to de frame any persons or institutions.
Modi fear from them
Why are you not showing few seconds before video? If you do not have the video! Please check YouTube you will find what happened before it turned violent.
High class ka chuto
If people of india still think modi is good for the country then no one can do anything.  He is Same as gandi family . So be wise and vote wisely.  
Gali Gali main shore hai.. Modi kala chore hai.. This is what the children are shouting in the protest
They are not farmers they are paid stooges of Congress,khalisthanis and comission agents.
Where is farm bill originated
I pray to God to protect our farmers . Stay strong we will win.
As SG says FCI procure excess wheat and paddy grown then why the government of India fixes 298 million metri tons of food grains as target for 2020-21? 
Oh No, another Super Spreader event.
India Today is helping rich farmers this bill is benifited to poor farmers
MSP - minimum support price is NOT as this Indian correspondent explains.
Boycott tex pay
They just want the FCI which helps secure the country in crisis to go with empty pockets? Seriously stupid.
Whatever happens modi still wins the election!!! How's that possible?
As it's no TAX heaven
MSP may be used by less percentage of farmers , but it gives guarantee to the farmer that his produce will be buyed at a certain price , which is needed for most of the farmers below poverty line .
As per Yogendra Yadav a sociologist Professor feels Dr.Swaminathan report a useless one.Since when Yogendra Yadav started to believe Government organizations are spotless and no hera pehri takes place. Look at the PSU . Recently 900 crores worth of simple hand grenade and ammunition accumulated since 2014 was put it dump.
They are going to learn hardway , prices are up and farmers are getting nothing. And middle men take the pie..
without voting how can this bill has pass
magistrate   v.k  singh  broke  my  bone  and  put  me  in  jail  in  false  case   -  exhausted   all   remedies   -pray   help  -amarjit  india
Traitorous wretches, if they can't respect the country on the one day of the year; it shows how hollow their protest is. The government should arrest them and bring the military in. Disrespectful terrorists.
Nice lecture sir.........from this I predict that MSP is not useful for small farmer so better it has to closed down or rationalized to small farmers only......
Hate mongering at its best...
It's easy to handle morons...just let them think they are smart...and than come back kick thier ass they don't even know what hit  them!! Modi for Modern India.
Law should be faver of farmer 
Election ahead 
They are very cute ,loving and welcoming I must say. My respect for them has increased a thousand time
OMG ! Pardon me for voting BJP in the last elections on the behest of Badal Dal.
Sikhism believers assassinated Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi in 1984;
There are not a farmers u pagal
its not the  protest by real farmers ..its a protest by rich landlords of two states
But they never follow this. They also not pass the benefit to Consumer. They take lions share in price. This is unethical, producer get very less , but middlemen enjoys all the benefit. Why very cheap Vegetable / food is required by consumers. They can pay slightly higher price if benefit is transfered to Producer. And this if is very big if.. 
Anna hahara work for bjp
Ok, let's go to Shimla's house :- pinki
I think there should be two types of system for agricultural procurement, one for states heavily benefitted from Green Revolution and the other for those who were not covered in said policy scheme.
Normal reaction of twisting. Shamelessness is part of their tongue. Jai Hind
love to all farmers from pakistan
PM Modi is initiating the game of Tug of War between the Farm laws Supporters and Farm Laws Opposers. Since it hasn't been repealed fully , The Modi led Government shall go whose side wins the game of Tug of War on Farm Laws in the coming time. This issue is in Supreme Court. Modiji is very clever. I respect your decision . If these farm laws are good then Supporters of these farm laws should start agitation against Government s desicion to repeal it back.
On this Republic Day of my motherland, I salute the Brave farmers, the unsaluted warriors of the land. Victory to Farmers. Love and respects from Kerala.
Food corporation of India kept loosing money because of this... 
Such general dyers have no place in this country.
Removing dislike button from YouTube would be a way towards authoritarian governments
When it comes to the farmers, there is NO support, except the paltry alm of Rs. 6000 or 8000 per year. 
Another flop show like last one....
Nation Reforms should have been passed across all states by excluding protesting ones,protesting states should have been given freedom to pass their own version at state level.
Tbh the large companies will allways seek lower prices so they can make more profit.
Channal should know whom to aske opinions 
Hats off to Amit Shah. He didn't order paramilitary to take strict steps against the terrorists. Para military can beat the shit out of these terrorists in one order of Amit Shah. But Shah didn't do that.
Finally 
Hats off
Rakesh tikait is international image at present . Congratulations to you sir.
Irony ..(prof)Modi who wrote the book exam warriors" to help students appearing for the exams failed to convince "agriculture scientists" like Tikait
We all know these culprits will never be sentenced. Disgusting.
The main issue isnt that Punjabi farmers dont trust the central government, its that Mandis are much MUCH larger in Punjab and Haryana then anywhere else in this nation and Mandis will become weaker due to these bills and many farmers even in these states are happy with these bills, this is because that cost of transportation is reduced and proper infrastructure would be provided by the private player and talking about the MSP, you can find out the MSP which the government provides on their website, the MSP has increased compared to last year
Third class media channels look at the thumbnail wat fuk gift can he give ... This is democracy people have elected ... Modi give guru purab gift .. low class journalism third class news channels with no credibility ...  Producing chootyas since 2014. 
Its in better interest of india to not throw stones in bee hive ( taliban )
Rakesh Ticket and yogendra Yadav are enjoying and earning money from 18 months. Now both can also enjoy further 3 months. Afterward they have to count time in seconds. As Yogi will taken legal action.
Seriously PM! Your home minister Amit shah still attending meetings with Ajay Mishra Teni whose son is responsible for killed innocent farmers!! BJp wants to win elections again??
If President Biden waits a few more days he can get SPINE of Amrullah Saleh when Taliban will outrun them at Panjshir. He Should undergo transplant and then may be look into those speeches he vomited in past during presidential elections. He will understand what it really meant.
Dismiss the SDM
Misguide aap kar rahe hain.... theek vaise hi jaise ignorant masses ko one way information de di jati hai.... aap jin logo ko in acts ke bare me bta rahe hain vo ignorant masses hain because they are not farmers. These bills are for farmer population...they know the pros and cons of your statement. No shame at all..... Zameer     mr tutor aap me.....
15Crores Active Kisan Hai Iss Desh Mei, Kitne Hai Ye "Decoit" Ke Piche? Vo Hi 500 Dalaal...
Please talk on reality. Farmers are denied access to legal recourse in case of dispute. Why courts are also denied to take up the cases. This is not being talked. Everyone is talking of MSP in details. Whereas issue is that farmers are denied the constitutional provisions. Close your mouth and give the true picture.
Only place where the truth is being shown god bless the whole team 
all support farmers ...shame on Modi govt
India will now remain poor country forever. It will never become developed country.
Good analysis 
This is because of bjp
Well explained .
Y media inviting him??
Very interesting audio article sir u definitely doing great job to provide us such type of articles online ....plz keep continue it and I will support u thanks alot sir for ur great work and affort
Other farmers must protest and demand these laws .
Education, health, employment, science    policy   , digital india  , jio, airtel   ho  , online education   
4.57 that day we say that news going on Zee news and was literally a head ache how they were defaming farmers and after that too it was continued and now it's just vanished from media. No news on these issues but all the other stuff is shown.... So sad to see 
RIP tractors
1) How will all transactions currently happening in APMC give MSP to the farmer?
Thanks....
Farmers voice is matter in this 2021 elections.....
This government mocks the Parliamentary procedure everyday.
All conditions of farmers r genuine...
Only BJp
So sad for the family ..but that's what happened when you support wrong people blindly  ..and politicians will forget such staunch supporters tomorrow !! But it so very sad ..people should wake up and stand with their fellow citizens. Old aged dada ji of Shubham was beyond any pain. So verysad 
Wow makes more sense
all farmers are very awared and full of knowledge. And BJP says they can't understand the bills. 
This shouldnt have happened 
Dhruv Rathi bhai show all numbers not only those which create more ruckus
Modi's farsightedness is this level,when own country drowning in poverty,gifting others for claps
Does any one from them is a farmer and know what is the real problem  of So called bills for farmers in India ? No one knows the truth and reality only make hoolingn and political milage .
5 innocent people beaten to death..
Watch .hamid karzai will join them and  become president. Abdullah abdullah   minister and like iranian style mullah baradar will remain BEHIND  screen...like Iranian  Ayatollahs  on political arena....and try to retain total control   and gain  recognistion from global community to survive....flourish.....by keeping in front seat to see...by the world community...gain recognition...
Pehle to tum dallo bol rhe the 
The parliamentarian political system is not our Indigenous political system. our was Panchayat System which currently needs to be modernized and implemented at village, city, state and national levels. 
You run over them 
Thank you Sir.. it is very helpful for my preparation.. Plz make videos on science, geography and other static gk portions.. plzzz Sir. Thank you.
right
All big fraud are befooling the poor farmers. They are paid workers of Ardthiyas and will be properly handled by these poor farmers in coming days. Ardthiyas have earned more than 1000 crore in wheat procurement this amount could have been earned  by Farmers Bodies also like PACS/FPOs. Farmers are on road bcoz of Ardthiyas and Tikait type worker call them service provider. SKM is not taking real issue of farmers.
Have some shame you coward arnab
This violence is appalling.
#boycott_hindu_hate_speeches .
Is tikait economist why mediea air him without any cause
the public wants employment, good education and health system, stop on LOOT in the name of petrol diesel lpg price, inflation, regularization of contract govt employees, old pension policy etc. but the govt is running away from these issues. the budget is not aligned with these issues.
Good, atleast the villages value food, milk and curd.
Absolute fool justin Trudeau... Is this farmers protest nonsense what the hell you know.....
Now, Everyone watch republic without trusting them....
thinking better 
Interest of farmer,some food,not full list
Oneday Upvas for great Kisans 17 sept ...desh bachao
Inferior government of India
I wish same happens to the family of all the republic tv team members as they all are ran over by a minister's son and then other godi media channel should focus on what victims and their families did afterwards instead of the moment they were victimised.
MODI SALA CHOOR HE "
NOT A Farmer's Protest, But POLITICALLYSPONSORED "SHAHEEN-BAGHPart2" 
This bill should be applied all state accept Punjab and haryana. Please modiji don't punishment all kisan.
Thanks SIT for your update. The terrorist who killed innocent farmers at Lakhimpur using vehicles as weapon must be harshly punished. Supreme court must make sure the case is not diluted. Jay Hind, Bharat Mata ki jay... Jay Jawan, Jay Kisan
missing you donald bhai
If MSP is so good for our kissan then why do they commit suicide? MSP was there all along. Kissan are being misinformed by left and all opponent parties
It's totally elective move...
90% who are protesting here never went in fields
Where is ajay mishra tany and that sdm of karnal...? Vapas nahi lena sir... Ye dhokha hoga andolan ladne wale logo ke sath...
Aap  ka pappu Kejriwal corona virus of Indian politics selected cm of shahinbagh bagh  mastermind of  recent Delhi riots  supporter of sharjgil imam ( chicken neck China policy ) Uttrakhand & Punjab Boths are border states  at the time of Galvan incident aap Kejriwal Pvt limited contest election in laddakh before this  on Sikkim border  our stadoff with China  Kejriwal was barking  on rafales  all those aap acts she's  Kejriwal & co supports China & Pakistan _  aap supports  anti CAA protest one aap mlc is aacuse and r tikait fake five star farmer is fertilised by aap __ dear friends brothers & sisters  there is blocked in pangshir by Taliban in Afghanistan &  ondelhi  border is blocked first by anti CAA prosters & now r tikait five star fake farmer  with the support of China & Pakistan   _ request _ forward it  discuss it. In national interest  _ jai hind _ Sanjay tambe
Written demands should be passed as law then MSP and later remove the agitation ... varna yeh tikait aur yadav sab chalu hai...
Khalisthani farmers
If government want taxes then they can talk , if not then get lost 
SANDEEP CHOUDHRY JI AAPKO SALAM HA DIL SE....
yeh ab planned he
4.no weapons in vehicle..
M from india
Your channel has done a great job
If rights of protesters override that of  citizens, then why protesters deserve voting rights?
RSS and BJP is new Taliban  this fight is to save the democracy this officer needs to resign or he should have been fired by now 
Punjab and UP election behind this plan!! Any idiot can also tell this!! No need to discuss such issues..All are badwas Vote bank politics
Relief? Arnab keeps telling others hypocrite in debates! 
Contract farming for farmers where they will be told by corporates to grow what kind of crop. Corporates again happy.
So finally modi heard the voice of only few farmers nd terrorists.  Modi media lost their battle. Shame on u govt
This really feels like "fateh"...proud of the farmers. good to see them stand against fascism n win. Much love and respect for them.
dairy industry in india has ben privatised , so far there is no monopoly 
covid 19 or how spend yesterday
Its about more choices not about creating new monopoly .
Tq so much mam
O ji hello .. in sitapur my frnds tau ji stat. msp for wheat is 1975 but sold at 1500 rs.. below msp.. msp is only paper work but in actual it's loot by traders.. stop farm bills they are against farmers
Dry fruits are not life saving foods
Great respect to tikait sir,kuch jagah narajgi bhi hai . overall common man  that talk for me ,
Good job ABP , you are successfully doing your jobs of dividing Jat votes for BJP.
Still I appreciate PM that , this protest need to control as we have more external issues with communist china and Pakistan.
Gold Standard of Journalism? The country is in this state, because of media houses like this. India Today has hit rock bottom. Shame!
is this a joke?
Corona just a name no need to fear if you are realize yourself!
Farmers Bill's are very dangerous to Farmers and for the public of India tooo, plz dnt act like BJP dhallal try to study the bills properly and try to post  u can speak anything, the 1 who does farm work will know the actual value and actual pain 
Farmers will have right to sell  anywhere in India rather than local mandi where they cant get profit.
 In 1946-47 Congress Party Accepted Partition of India with Desparate to Rule over India at any cost.
Thanks Shubham, Video is amazing, full topic clear ho gya bhai
13) Vote bank increased manifold..
800 .group hain ...
This man bullshits against Modi.
Any bill before passing or repealing needs to be discussed... discussion could have brought many more points.. it is skipped to avoid listening to more criticism...
Wrost channel of India .
produce for their own market, so what ????
Hilarious when you consider that it was Pakistani intelligence (the ISI) and the Pakistani army, working with the local clerics, who first organized the formation of the Taliban and trained them. Pakistani army advisors were present among Taliban forces right up to the commencement of US airstrikes in November 2001.
You are too good to explain it. The best part of your lecture is- "Your discussion was limited to law points only. It was unbiased legal discussion"... Keep it up and. Keep sharing. Thanks.
My self son of kisan. I support yogi and modi and this bill too. Becz yai bill kisan ke liyai bhaut acha hai warna tho dhek he lo 70 years se kisan logo ki kya halat hai.
This is a huge slap on Modi's face. Nothing less. And being administered democratically!
Tum news walo sbse Bade dalle ho india me BJP..
congress,SP,Akali,AAP, pawar Exposed
Like a thriller terrorsts disguised as farmers and with the support of media channels, oppn N Soros fooled the genuine farmers and created unrest 
This man Joyraj is looking a russian soldier in Gulag. xD
Stop calling them FARMERS !! IT'S A POLITICAL GIMMICK  .. NOTHING MORE
No suo motu by Supreme Court?
Takait misguiding the farmers  !!  3 Law's are in favour of farmers.
I want an overview on the topic of the ongoing protest of farmers 2020 to 2021 ..Within tommrow
You forget to tell why farmers are protesting.
This is what i like about Abhijit, he is blunt, straight forward, to the point, never tried to please anybody
Mr mody r u speaking on de bhalf of u n ur friends r de people
Just so we know that they didn't take our respectable Indian flag down. That was wrongly reported by Times of India. What he did is all wrong but he didn't take our flag down.
Modi will also be finished like the farmer who got killed
The thing is these 3 bills are loophole for eachother.
BJP govt must introduce a new bill in this monsoon session to amend the PROPERTY INHERITANCE LAW.
Lop does not even know what he is talking... it seems he was sleeping in the house... shame... inc hv made such a man lop... sad and shame..
BJP's silence from the time of Shaheen bag then bengal violence and not this...to encouraging goons.. i totally feel bjp is at fault..
Against the GODI media. 
India the only apartheid country with Israel stile in existence !!!! And they speak about freedom , what word we live in ????
Nice ,keep it up ! Looking for more videos
Was supporting farmers. Not anymore. This people are khalistan group  not farmers.  They are founded by the Congress and opposition.
Modi government farm laws repeal is dangerous for our country
Punjab can alone dethrone Delhi Punjab has done it in past and can still do so
An elected Govt. repealing few laws under the pressure of undemocratic protest (blocking a national highway, "capturing" Lalquila with tractors cannot be democratic), in response opinion of an actress seems to be a very big deal..LOL... Same as Amir Khan saying "This country is becoming unsafe to live"..Or is it same?? Did I miss something?
Shame on Indian Government  They don't understanding farmers pain They demand their own rights  Guarantee 
Shame on you, 
Ek to ye channel etana tej hai ki 3rd Oct ki video 7th Oct ko dikha rha hai aur 146 seconds ka matlab 2 minutes 26 seconds.... Par upar ka to total video ka length 1 minute 44 seconds 
Farm bill allows capitalism and end government regulation
Which brand of weeds you use boss ?
Vah Hamare desh ki freedom fighter Hai Samajh Mein Aaya
I HATE POLICE
*If govt withdraws the farm laws. What next? What are Takait & goons plans for the improvement of farmers?? Are the planning new storage facilities, new markets, new crops, new connectivity, new method of disbursing payment...? Are they going to give up subsidies (fertilizer, electricty....)?*
' A ' is the right answer.
I could not see any pelting of stones. Did Anyone see? Stop spreading fake news. Why is there a no mention of bullet which was fired by minister? Godi media
Penchof polic ma chadon no mardia kishana de
Private sector in India gives 75% of the jobs. The entire argument is based on the premise that private players will exploit the farmers, which is far fetched since India's Private sector is among the best in the world.
Satyameba jayate, Gandhiism wins, godseism defeated.
This is a Khalistan movement. And thats a Khalistan flag.
Moga city de Ramganj market ch Success coaching centre te boys fighting
Ahhh. Religion. What a wonderful thing.
Proud to be Indian
I don't support anyone 
Thanks you so much sir 
No good for Indian government
U got time to cover the hotel
The govt need to be stop the violence and govt cannot allow repeated incidents happened on 26th January 2021. If you misused your freedom and this is what happens in Delhi. I have greater sympathy for the farmers.
And india awakes......!  Farmers' movement across India  will bring bigger changes now.  It is time for everyone who isn't a farmer to do their fair share.
Should bring every MP every MLA ..out of there house .how do they come prior to elections..with folding hands.. Now time to break there hands 
good job brother
What a victory, kisan zindabad 
They are not farmers..paid people
Corona: Dude, I'm preparing the third wave.. I'll send it to you right away. Don't rush me..!
Really support you
Welldone We are With you
Plz modi sir.... we don't have trust on the corporate lobby around u..
I request... Plz take the classes on optional 'Public Administration' as psir is running now....
         Don't take him seriously if you have faith in Modi.
Abp trying best to fule difference between jaat.
Are they worried about big corporations taking over farming?
Please someone explain why are they protesting if pvt mandis are already successful in Maharashtra??
Kumbh mela was only super spreader
CONGRESS IS A CURSE ON INDIA.
Please recheck the indian map
All of terrorists no one treu kisan...
In this context Tekat sahib is absolutely right.
then who will get ressponsbilty death of farmer.?and what's the compensations?????????
Mr. Reddi.. the farmers have listed the changes (8-9 changes last i heard). Farmers met with Govt 2 weeks ago. Govt on the others side (PM repeated in his last "Maan Ke bat") that these bills are perfect and there will be no changes made. So where does this leave a room for discussion? Are we still living in a democracy? It doesn't feel like it.
Who is that cowboy hat farmer 
kya karegi stock? Supply with less rate, as govt has increased every tax level... so?? whats so big deal
Pakistan did the same mistake .They banned trading with India .Look what is their position.
Cores the public  no jobs 
Otherwise Propgandist like Dhruv will Mislead us with no Substantive knowledge about it
I will justify it because we were the once who also fought like this during Independence of India, so Freedom comes always with struggle!!
We don't need any divide humanity system
Its high time that millions of Indian unemployed youths(in groups of five) from urban, semi urban and rural india, join hands with village farmers and their families to process, collect, transport and deliver all village produce at city/town dwellers' door step. Give farmers their MSP instantly, get back your cost+profit from customers on delivery, this can be done from every corner of our country. Start parallel marketing of village products by weekly delivery at cheaper price than Reliance/Big basket /Big bazar /Spencer etc. Every city/town households go for shopping these vegetables+ fruits +groceries + non-veg items at minimum double the prices from open or super markets. Cut short of middle men and agencies and ultimately the business houses.
This BJP spokesperson should bury himself in a glass of water..scrap logic. scrap justification
In 2022 sp don't want to do anything with cong.  Bitter experience last time.  Akhilesh is young politically.
There is no cure for deaf dumb and blind people: these are not simply few Panjabi Non-small Kisans!!! 
with the present ruler we can only count days for the democracy to die..
Lets all agree on one thing, at the end its all power game, to win it 
There is no empty (Khali) space for Khalistan in India. This is a paid propoganda of communists/Kejruddin/Papu to defame Modiji.
How immodest and foolish this anchor is! he says that if the tractors are more, I would not appreciate it. He does journalism for the betterment of the people or his convenience. He is a fool of the first order.
There  are farmers who are old age ths is not the way to throw water on them
Watch study iq video with facts ,mentioned above, then reply
Change video title, logo ka brainwash mat karo ZEE NEWS WALO
When the corrupt middlemen were doing nautanki in the name of protests the farmers remained silent and are hence paying the price
Modi BJP Government Failure in All Policies.
Government says GHAR VAPSEE. Not the kisans!!
Views for this video (farmers) is in thousands
And BJP top leaders came to GHMC elections in Hyderabad, even farmers  are fighting in delhi they don't understand the problem of people they only want win and do nothing, so these is what happens if we believe in BJP
If NDTV  supports any agitation means it certainly is going to fail for the TV  is always sides with anti nationals. Good luck to NDTV for its next attempt.
*I belong to all castes*
Plz see this clip
Modi RSS hindutva chai Wala is nothing but abuser and corrupt choor and he can not be trusted. Farmers must not fall into Modi trap and vote him and his party out for better future for Farmers and their children
They dont want to talk about vyaktivishesh because deep is one from them
and they are part of congress , bjp, ncf parties 2019 election manifesto.
India will be next venenzuala if this govt remain for further dont wait for 2024 election break this nda govt now otherwise indian ready for the consequency
Very helpful classes thanku sir g
Stupid to say in one word decently. A reform recommended by various committees, demanded at various times by these very same farm associations & finding mention in political parties' manifestos suddenly becomes contentious? If "farmers" are worried about their mandis & 'middlemen' fading out, what prevents them from contributing the taxes saved to them? It's quite strange that 'humble service providers' suddenly become "life saviors" & "family lenders"!! Where do they get all the monies when they are worried about their livelihood being lost due to these reform laws?? Nothing of your blabber makes any sense. What is very visible is your mad rage to oppose whatever the Govt does. Considering this reform has potential to increase contribution of farming sector to GDP by two fold, and, that we have no other arsenal in our efforts to boost economy this significantly, any opposition to this reform must be construed as criminal & those who are fantasizing that this Govt can be brought down by developing a perception of general disenchantment, would even sell the country if it can fulfill their dreams.  While you have no compulsion to become a good citizen, just reflect on yourself as to why are you doing this great harm to a poor country whose poor people are desperately looking for meeting their basic needs & live a dignified life? It should hurt your conscience if you have one.
MAGAR BEE PACHH KA BURA HAL HAI YE PHAISALE SE
Wonder who gave the police the  order to lathi charge the farmers
We need Army here. Jokes aside let peace prevail and common sense
Tumhara baithe baithe beizzati ho gayi aajtak walo
These people are agitating by using the name of farmer in fact thire aim is achiv hiden agenda
10:38 Demand of Farmers
Sitaram is a great destroyer India. He and his party is behind Farmers Protest. He is a liar his party could not perform in election
i am not a bjp person or ever call anybody leberandu....but gave many wrong facts...like u cant go to court...yes there will be sdm and dm like problem solvers but they ll same as we have in banks we call ombudsman...but if u r not satisfied u can still go high court or supreme court....then u did not mention that msp is still not a law...next comes the fact that big markets like relience ll buy everything...if they can give a farmer better price than middlemen or msp then its farmer's wish they ll sell or not ..its like u have job and somebody offer better job ll u take or not...and there is always apmc if nobody buys your goods u can sell them in apmc..its ur choice....then comes hoarding of goods by big markets...i know it's problem but is hoarding today not a thing...but govt ll at least have authorities to look into...like currently we have but still hoarding happening...if we r arguing for this then atleast make a suggestion like better independent authority or something why protest...and next comes kangna issue... why listen to her do ur own fact check...we should not listen any celebrity only listen to the facts...then comes bihar issue people saying apmc abolition failed bihar agriculture...search yourself and see if it realy failed...all india agri growth is 3.6% while bihar agri growth 4.7%  in 2005-06 to 14-15 which is just after reform and in 14-15 to current all india agri growth is 2% but in bihar its 7% so i dont understand how it failed according to u people...make video with facts dont try to mislead people current indians are well educated...
Broadcasting British Colonialism (BBC) is being taken over and run by Jihadis these days...
modi should step down
All we need is MSP to cover 70% population linked with agriculture in India . Minimum wage law  to cover 20% population working as General labour and servants and maids and cleaners etc to uplift them, and its not coming from GOVT pocket, its coming from Rich and ultra RiCH and well privileged class . 
Very well explained...
I watch your confidence of talking only..wow
This is the greatest lesson I have ever learned in my life.  Always fight against the Wrong no matter how big is it.
A good analysis .
I must say thanks to your efforts and initiative.....!
Why can't people elected governments be empathetic to  people.
YE MASTAR STRCK NHI  HAR KA DAR HAI KISANO NE MODI KO GHUTNO PAR LAYA SARA  AHNKAR TOOT GYA
Capital of Nepotism and Corruption 
Which  Indian  party  tried  to  makes  ordinary farmers  terrorist  ?
Fraud farmers please get back home..
Every thing is simple
there is no shortage of food grains in India despite govt giving extra ration during pandemic shows original farmers are working hard in the fields while fake farmers are doing drama on roads
Hindi me bolye your not in America  you are in India
In the thumbnail why bindrawala though?
Nothing will happen. Bhai bahi ye ......
My kudos to all farmers of India for standing strong against evildoers, creeps who want to lure
Greetings to all our valuable farmers"
Ye neta ke nam pe chor hai dakait ye channel bhi rd class hai
Le rabbish ---- so what , atleast they did press conference librandu v na haad karte hai yar 
If KISSAN are fighting the INDIAN CORPORATE system they are called Deshdrohi.
Worst step...
We need monarchy and decentralised monarchy
On 20 September 2020, in Parliament the rule book was ignored by the chairman.
Zee news walo is matter pe to repot sahi show karo
And seriously, the farmer protest is a farce.
let's try to understand this by an example..
Humble request to punjab farmers to stop protest...
YOU MUST ASK EVERY FARMER FIGHTING AGAINST THESE REFORMS THAT NOW ONWARDS HOW WOULD ANY GOVT DARE TO REFORM ANY SECTOR ESPECIALLY THE AGRICULTURAL SECTOR? This agitation was just a reputation tussle, not any logical base.
Fool farmers will remain fool
When you have illiterate people in the ministry they dont know how to respect others
Another bill refers to storage. The third bill refer to sell.
Weather this Unethical former CM of PUNJAB Captain played a part with his alliance with BJP clearly shows he is Sore Loser n Betrayer for Religion n Community,
Godi media is too late. FIR is out blaming minister's son
In the leadership of these people we are dreaming of superpower India 
   ()         (     )       ,/                    IAS/IPS              
This is called real Journalism
Well done, but what a pity that insurrection is the only thing that affects corrupt government decisions.
These nihangs, and religious weapons should be banned
Spread awareness about hidden agenda of IMF AND WORLD BANK to bankrupt india and enslave them through debt and slavery
Sell Inter State - Sell wherever you like whoever you like.
What is wrong with farmers? Why protests?
How dare this stupid doing like this
Are you trying something voilent???? Ofcourse you will then go to sites and cover,,nice trp aaye,chhahe kitni bhi jaan jaye
Government!.please support poor farmers.
Msp should be around 2500
Please bro watch the original interview without beep sound it will give you a better truth..
All the rich Indians need to back their farmers!
Hindu  are not use to fight like  Muslims
Now where is Supreme Courts Judges who hold farmers responsible for these type of incidents happened by BJP Gunda
So 4 were murdered also by mob at the same time .
Action to nab the culprit is soloow or  intentional or already captured.
Just Amazing.... ...God Bless You Mam....
Govt. Should strengthen APMCs so that every farmer get the benefit. Otherwise it will remain as a political gimmick.
Kudos to the peaceful n successful farmers' movement.God Bless All. Jai Jawan,Jai Kisan,Jai Hind.
"Sabko pata he Hummam me sab nange hen.. " Farmer's Law suspended he, #Supreme Court ke pas manla he.. fir ye protest karne wale Kisan to nhi ho sakte.. 
so fucking disgusting to see this much police just for farmers bullshit afff
This man always makes sense 
The smile on their faces - Dil kush hogaya...
JAI HARIYANA 
Sanction Pakistan the real Taliban
On ground of tractors March
Just for the people that think we took down the India flag we didn't we left it there were it was all we did was put up a khalsa flag beside it.
SP has its army of goondas
CAA protestor will get all the energy to aur for 2-3 years.
Thanks BBC for exposure of BJP peoples.
Please attach pdf sir
While State and center elections are happening I think while people are casting their vote , they should have options YES/NO related to State and Center rules that state is trying to impose on State and Center is proposing country and to pass any bill (State or Center) 50% should be considered from people of India and 50% from the elected representatives MLA/MP , this way we can consider direct input of republic of india and issues like farmers bills and Article 370 and some of the state levels bills can be handled better. Also All Parties should think of their bills and proposals part of their agenda ahead of time and stick to it  unless some emergency situations like natural disaster and COVID-19 related situation arrives for which we may not be able to plan before election. , juts an idea !
I love my india
I hate politics..
New destination of educated bhakts World affairs.
3rd Bill is very Dengerous for every Indian..
for them, goonda giri, Killings etc....what this results in? people like
I feel both  govt and farmers are correct at their own places, but  the timing is bad!!     laws  ,  farmers la  education dya,   mentality dya..tyancha changla   .. Ani mag he laws aana, ti vel mag barobar asel saglyan saathi! 
I had lots of sympathies and respect for these farmers who are 'annadatha' to our country but this is totally not acceptable.
than we can easily export
Gandhi family servent andholan kar rahe hai 
chuthiyaaa it was well funded by AKALI DAL of punjab..... ur half knowledge is dangerous... kindly dig AKALI DAL cash flow which will get stop if bill will be there.... CHUTHIYAAA
You're misguiding the peoples of India! The demanded MSP means, the minimum price guarantee of the crops! It doesn't mean Government should buy the whole crops, the GOVERNMENT Or private whoever is buying should buy in MSP.
Let these fool farmers be poor
Jhut.. farmer sell produce to mandi not to consumer directly. 
It's sad they are working on some propaganda
This laws kill the grassroots of the market mechanism. It looks easy but wont work in favour of nation
top class
Good  job God bless you and your channel 
This lady is disgusting she don't know farmers suffering from huge big problem 
Alhamdulillah I proud to be a Farmer and this my 700 Farmers sacrifice them thanks for my Farmers we had show to the world ourselves  I Salute to my sacrifice farmers. And they Family our relationship is in Jannath. Those who sacrifice they for Truth , for Humanity they are in jannath
Ohh God it's really heart breaking
You are awesome ,really appreciate your work
Farmers should withdraw their protest on 3 farm laws because as per PM these laws are good for farmers. So let them try and live with these laws and if there is any problem after an year or so, they can start fresh agitation pointing the  real problem evidenced.  Then the Govt cannot turn a blind eye towards farmers.
actions are more towards an Agenda to divide this Land and people so 
I cant understand are right or the others are right. I understand the concern but they are doing too much. They should not kill people
Wow!! This channel and its anchors are shamelessly defending the BJP. This channel has only one agenda.. bury its head like an ostrich ..
Crystal clear kr diya ye topic apne.... as always. Thnks study iq
Only a farmer passion person can understand that in actually what is it nd how ..it will effect farmer's future 
Both no value for human lives
Another argument against the MSP is that there will be no buyers at that price. Food is a basic necessity for which there will always be buyers. The ultimate sale price always adjusts to the purchase price of an item. 
Narendra Modi again deceived Indian farmers #DelayingInRepealingAntiFarmerLaws
Taliban are an islamic extremist terrorist organisation. They are just doing this for good optics because they know, the world is watching.
CONTROL YOUR EGO.
India lost forever,  Afghanistan to  Taliban 
You are also spreading  false news against govt through media
We stand with respected farmers 
A well organised miniscule minority of the population can hold the government to ransom. Instead of showing such vested interests who's the boss, political parties in government would rather surrender to them...just to get votes. A real shame!
The punishment of these farmers shud b that a nobel act as such  shud not b applicable on them...
Where's debt is 2 lakh cr!!
Usual left-lib drivel and half truths. Vox is very happy with free markets in usa but want more and more govt strangulation in India so that rich farmers of Punjab Haryana can keep growing rice and keep driving the soil quality and water table even further into the ground.
Police is right.
They have forget one thing which i should correct that new laws restrict farmers to sue corporates. According to the new law farmers can not sue corporates so in short they have closed the gates of courts for farmers
United Province Kisan Sabha
EVM band Karo  our way to go
Hello guys  I'm here with good news, I no that will all have been looking for the best hackers out their, I found one, hope you guys can see at the top of my comment, which started with intellect
 Taliban are now Formidably Extremely powerful. 
The servants of the All-beneficent are those who walk humbly on the earth, and when the ignorant address them, say, peace 
No assurance fromMr.Modi to arrest the son of union minister. Maun vrat hai kya.
This bill actually destroyers for farmers and as well for bjp, in just couple of days modi's popularity has gone seriously down,
NEW INDIA with RAMRAJYA
Those eyes are making me uncomfortable
In court 
I don't understand why in the desert there will always be wars with each other, the superiors will fight, but the innocent people are suffering because the country is so backward
" EVERY  PARTICLE  OF  FARMER  ' S TEARS  WILL  CREATE  HAVOC  ."
What kind of a government is this
In 1972  Winner India in Indo-Pak War 1971, Congress Party Signed on Shimla Agreement and can not Free P.O.K. from looser Pakistan Army And free POW 93,000 Pakistan soldiers.
You are teaching or trying to justify farmers protest. Try to teach don't act Non-sensible..
Nice explain do it all the best
Please support for farmers
These brokers are not at all Farmers.. These Brokers intense might be to disturb the peace situation and trying to get benefit in coming election.
*Where TF is Wion news?*
MSP is is not a solution but it is not the problem also.
What happens when water is finished.
Jab Sach hazam nehi hota hai  Sach bol ne balo ko hi log murkh, illiterate,  bewodi ese word prayog karte hai. I support Kangana  carry on...
You do not what you are talking. You said if the price outside mandi is less than mandi will finish. Totally absurd. Do not spread lies and rumours.
Yes you are right I am also from farming, most of our farmers don't know the facilities / rights/ what is MSP and all, first the government must provide the good platform to know them and information should be easily accessible. And rest goes well
The opposition along with fringe elements were planning something huge in the name of farmer's protest..Now the 3 laws are repealed..
Real kishan lost it .
Tumhe kisne kha  punjab haryana ke llog protest kr rhe hai up bihar uk oor v bohat sare state hai wha pe saleo fake news batate hoo
Some middle men (Adatis) must have won but the this is huge blow to the country....brought us back by 25 years at least. Enjoy the circus
At 3:30 sir I just want to tell you that at first there is only nishan sahib none of the other flag after that the nishan sahib was removed and tri coloured flag tiranga was waved . You can see 4 sahibzade 2 
This would make the Hindustan times value great 
Instead of going up we are going down to levels of Pakistan, Afghanistan, China, North Korea, Burma.... Where you are at mercy of some autocrats.
The most balanced and realistic and practicable approach to the present crisis over farm laws.  Kudos to Shekhar Gupta.
Dalit/Majhbi Sikh tortured and killed by Jatt Sikhs
This is why India should work for its interests and  play a definitive role in shaping of emerging Afghan.
Thank you bjp ....after realising that they are gonna lose up...they did so....
Haha that's the problem with u librandus...talks of farmers laws..but mentions problem about middle men. 
Tis is the power Indian sucking constitution 
modi thanks for putting india on right track
Salute to the Delhi police 
Nothing Can Stop the MOVEMENT Of FREEDOM 
This man doesnt have any shame to come to the camera and talk like this, good actor with amithab bachans sound , better to start acting
Keep in mind ...coming election of UP ...
So that they won't able to send their man to unleash violence like republic day and claims to be innocent. Any other states don't  have any rights to block another state for protest,Delhi isn't enemy country and this isn't medieval time where you can gather the crowd and attack neighboring state.
This is the play of God against injustice of the apathy of a hostile gov.act in accordance with the will of god.victory will be the outcome...pray to God....
Man in the car has gone mad. This is really really sad to see.
It has become a trend in india to come and sit on road and makeing life terrible for normal people those who has done nothing and then hum dehli ke andaar be nahi aayege bahar be nahi jayege we will sit on border, and on going back they are blocking road to celebrate ,all this should be stop judiciary should take action and make law so that it should not happen in feature again.
Very good very nice bhouat.hee.badia.choch.de.maalik.han.c.m.chany.ji
Why don't  the public take upon themselves  and move this people.
(particularly staple food) culture is notoriously influenced by a purity
Dear desh bhakt, why you are creating video for the people impacting due to rail roko abhiyan in the cold wheather of december.These people are also common people of india...
Inshallah, no step back till all demands fulfill I am absolutely with you.
How long will courts allow some citizens to protest? Why can't they see though the motive ?
Now the farmers will need to talk to the supreme court
He's politician who's got guard of farmer protest
- Farmers get subsidy (w.r.t grains price, fertilizer price, and free electricity water etc).
Their main agenda is to subvert India as the protestors are not genuine farmers
Few GOVERNMENT "servants" are turning more "sincere" to the RULERS just for few pension, powers, promotions
FCI was stablished on 14 January 1965 not 1964
Why you guys don't make more areal view footage ?
News 24 proud of u
Congress will rule again we will have again the golden days of the past Congress will come back with a Big Bang .The cruse of the farmers is not good for anybody
i understood these bills are good...but all depends on measures taken and implementation...
Khangres rally
Only sp 
new farm laws is a lifeline for big corporates who are keen to enter the only space where demand is always ever-present: food supply. This feeling is compounded by the Modi government's reluctance to make MSP a law. If these legal changes are going to help farmers get better prices in the open market, then what is the problem in legally fixing floor prices every year? After all, if private procurers are going to pay more, the government will never actually have to pay the MSP, and it will cost the exchequer nothing. 
*Captain Amarinder Singh saw the danger to the national security via Punjab and wanted to act on it.*
Tumsab chorlog sochte sablog chor hay.
We are INDIAN
Farmers issue has gone too long  and  Congress and other parties taking mileage out of it , as a farmer myself   And n kernels we prefer  option  to sell out products where ever we want,  I think middle man sponsoring the agitation.
1.  there should be discussions on saving Sikh life, the minority, 2% of Sikh people in India, who are busy feeding and looking after rest of India and in return, no acknowledgement or development of state of panjab, nor caring for its stability, no problem solving, no productive change, and no real political sense or order operating in the state of panjab for their security, well-being, projects of employment, or other means of income  or resource.  I let and encourage people of other states to raise their voice too, its not one man/woman war}.
They should March to the parliament and rid India of Modi once and for all
British propaganda corporation
What next, revert to Atricle 370? Repeal CAA, NRC!
Bjp desh ke liye cancer hai
It's nothing but propaganda some can mock me for saying this but why did only a part of India protested if it was truly not good for farmers wouldn't have all the country Protested against it . Now by revoking of the law the government has made it easy to every anti development section and communities of India to follow the route employed by the latter to achieve their agendas
RepublicTV don't worry,,, people will do comple Republic,,, 
Respect n blessings 
Who can trust America? Is the US able to handle China, Pakistan, Russia, North Korea, Iran etc even if it fails against Taliban?
Meanwhile, Bhakts crying  endlessly
Great lines
One of wrong step by govt because of some farmer agitation
Now Khalisstanii farmer's will get govt. Jobs too
Hi, when right now we have MSP, how did the farmers of bihar and Maharastra receive prives lower than MSP?
Mostly the Indian farmers are from Punjab and Haryana dont mention India its not like the others care.
THIS IS RAM RAJYA and THIS IS NEW UP. 
Ye softwear mare pass hh per isme vikray parchi nahi chal rahi h
I thought 30% of the Afghani are not taliban but in reality whole Afghani= taliban.. That is 100% wtf
Jess bajwa u got nice voice and u did good jobs for farmers rub taynoo chrdy cla witch rakhay or kamyab kray or iezth day or negayban ray ksan akta zendabad watching u from England but I am from azad Kashmir Pakistan.
They should all go home on the tractors
The BJP decided to backdown bcoz they didnt wanted to loose the elections and give the power to the foolish people just bcoz of the law.. so they decided to backdown ..n dont worry sooner or later this law will be implemented again
Respect FARMERS
Farmers   or
     We are neither close High Ways nor become Murderer to beat brutally to kill 4 innocent people till death, instead of farming in our lands.
Indian new chanal sold by modi government 
Congress And All Oppose Party NEVER COMES IN POWER AGAIN
Ndtv is real channel
6. Stop watching godi media if you want to save this country.  And give me answers all bhagts of modi - which promises he had completed in his pm term please answer me .
 mastermind                monitering   
Bad governance.
This comment section is a war . Gotta enjoy it by eating popcorn 
Jai jawan jai kisan. Modi ki tapasya ka formula. Water cannons, Wire Barricades, Stopping water supply, False cases, Calling farmers as terrorists, agents of China, Pakistan, etc. If this is formula of Tapasya then guess the mindset of the Nikamma Leader.
No doubt, income is definitely reduced since 2017/18/19...... This government hasn't done nothing for farmers, middle class. Very soon petrol price will reach 110, wait for 10th March. Aaj rates pakad kar rakhe hain, ek mahine baad kahenge international market decide karti hai
Sir please CBSE ke khilaaf bhi kuch bolo jo ye 12th class ke students ke saath glt kr rhe h pls
*China too doesn't want full-scale war and is keeping diplomatic channel open. India should start including Tibetan-origin General or Tibetan national in talks.*
Ajeet bhai You should not B Defensive about Hindutva or Yr Beliefs 2 Rubbish Kr & Gang...in every Video that U R doing..It is diluting the Impact of Yr Report...
Lovely to Watch this Guy Putting hands in the ass of indians,Waaao!
R.I.P Feeling sad. This should not be happened. He must know the truth and now its in vain and vanished.
1: This is a sign of downfall of Punjus, mainly due to drugs.
Right 
What can formers do. Government get down.
If Muslim does same thing....it's terrorists and jihand
You are a true example Indian Farmers. Not only did you achieve this for which I am so happy for you But you have shown the rest of the world things are not hopeless! You give me strength!
thankyou for explaining this topic such wonderfully.
Brought tears in my eyes 
This would make newslaundry even more informative and different than other media outlets.
Thank you team dristi.
Need to clean these darty party
Thanks for covering this parade. I was looking since morning to see this peaceful parade. Other channels are just showing what happened in few parts but rest 90% rally is done as per guidelines and as per law and order. 
It is true that pakistan fear the taliban ?????? If pakistan not afraid of afghan then bomb it...
*Farmers of Punjab
We need a Margaret  Thatcher in India
Salute to Indian farmers
Just call the military and show both the sides who rules. I think India desperately needs military control. Its due to the false " freedom is my birthright" shit taught in schools. Freedom is a constant battle and it is earned not by siting in our homes and hoping we have "freedom".
What's that Dharam Visaish ????  This is how the cover up is done. Taliban mindset is being protected and promoted by government. why??
How could you believe them on their mere aswosna
gvt scholls to private schools 
Why indian army soo scared to help Afghanistan 
I prefer watching this over B and D
one more propoganda chennal of al jazeera
Because that is when they start showing real their real colors, and start abusing you.
Thankyou for making it soo simple. You made my easier. 
Farmers are dying of cancer from producing food  ; can government give subsidies for good health and medicines at low prices .
4. 10 din mai 6-7 hazar responses ho jayege.
1. In India, agriculture was private since 1947. Nothing is made newly private now.
i am so proud to be a Father's daughter 
Soon there will be the another plan for modi.
Without political purview,
*India in deep trouble, human rights violations against poor framers in India. Panga with Sardars*
Shocking
Very cognitive video....Thanks sir for such intresting video .
People are talking that no shops were burnt ,no stores looted ...so i will just say one thing , go to indian penal fir sections and check how many complaints have been filed of rapes by these so called farmers(which the are not).....they are even raping memebers of their own organisation....
Modi is going to sell this country to black English
The BJP representative was weak in her arguments. She had no answers but also didnt want to accept the facts as they are. So she swiftly manuvered towards blaming the Congress,( this has become very convenient for BJP lately ). She hadnt answered one question raised by Rajdeep, also she was being opportunistic and looked for any factual mistakes made by the ancor to question his credentials to question her. Very opportunistic and arrogant to say the least. I believe the BJP can have and do have better spokepersons and should take a stance on the subject at hand. 
Gunday party 
Want him our PM
Uneducated PM...
Anyone who understand politics even bit,know this is all political motivated right from the beginning.
Dear farmers more support for youstay unitedlet us show farmers power is the  greatest power
telangana concept of cash transfer have some loop holes...as the tenant farmers who are actually cultivating the land are not benefitted from this scheme..money is directly getting credited to the land owners.besides they also get rent from tenant farmers..
Police wale mare wo toh apne batadiyaa or jo 750 Kisan Shaheed ho Gaye hai or vo
Bjp byocott
WTO/IMF/Worls Bank will not come to ypur aid when hundreds of millions will die of hunger - just like in the1960s when Indians could not produce enough and then the Green Revolution came thanks to Lal Bahadur Shastri and lead by Punjab/Haryana!!!
Looks like they dont have any foresee plan. Only lecture.I am really fed up with his long running lectures every time. Now they will say 370 will be back.
I'm not against or for the laws. But I think you must make a video explaining in detail the complete law. As I can see is that you had done pick and choose of only parts which look negative. I'm sure there must be protection given to farmers which no body is explaining. Initially the series was well explained about the Green Revolution but as it came down to Laws, it seems to be biased.
Election is coming
Fact at any day In India Bargaining won't stop it has continued from generations and will continue for generations...if you can't bargain you are not Indian 
Full support to farmers standing up for their rights
#NoFarmersNoFood
All minorities must live Afghanistan under the Talibanned
Hmmm going through the comment section give me only 1 single vibe...
A lot of things goes on inside the house .
Farmer were pelting stones with back towards car?? Every farmer should go to olympics
Indian is Democracy
Disclaimer: any resemblance of this with the farmers agitation is a coincidence.
We all have a JP Dalal in us.
Gadhvi Hollywood movie vdhare joto lage chhe 
Modi the blood Sucker trying his best to win Elections but Citizen's are so SORE there is no way for Modi n his Gang to win Elections 
It's hopeless 
Wire employee you also go so your agenda is satisfied
Khadge & adhir Ranjan. Rote rho rote rho. Chai pe charcha kro
MODI IS GREAT LIDER
I would never trust this man. Absolute opportunist.
Women not being in top governments factors was a fact even for USA till the 2000th so why be so shocked... they dont have any woman that can handle the situation right now... America just made feminism in Afghanistan not womans that are smart in politics... so sadly there cant be any woman at the top for now...
Dismis this SDM
11) One specific political party which never even supported our Armed formed with good weapons is high on supporting rowdy farmers? Our IAF were still flying 40 year old planes when 15 year old scooters are scrapped! 
If Everything is being privatized then what is government for.. even for water money should be paid on got... Wat is the central government officials really doing.. Were they such a fools to play games on our poor farmers..
They have 211 aircrafts approx in total. 
USA staying silent? This isn't human rights violations? You were pretty vocal about Hong Kong, hmm?
I have real footage of this happen
Protest for farmers it's a my humble request to all people
Simply explained.And content quality is also 
Chor group
Shame on indian government 
Fake Farmers.... No one is protesting from our state only from Punjab i wonder why....lol
Lets talk about this cops that assaulted and kill and rape citizens. The ones that do fake encounters. The government that makes citizens suffer needlessly by mismanagement environmental issues, agriculture and a healthcare failure
Which is less production in our country and consume less water
Bikaaoo media do you know anything about MSP..... All problems will be settled with law on MSP.... Or Jo ye present ki baat bol rahe hai middle man ke baare main ye ab aage companies karengi.... Sorry to hear these words from government and media.
With this kind of clear explanation who wouldn't start liking economics or any other subjects for that matter. I have never understood about economics during my college days and hated it so much but now specifically after watching your videos I'm interested in learning more of the subject (economics). Thank you so much Sir  Wish I could give you a hug 
When  speaker says raise your hand but never raise his head to watch weather somebody has really raise their  hand or not ... simply speaker is a pimp of BJP ..
This ignoramus tikait is actually nonpareil. No one is like him. He is the only shit with his stooges who accuse modi for india's defeat. He can't even even enter to his village bcoz he knew he will be beaten up
this is not terrorism ..
If Government told in your ear, please do notification from Government. Farmers will be thankful to you.
Are Yar ye to  Congressi media channel hai
farmers brave winter but india todays bi product ajj tak's cowardly  facts .. dont try make people foolish..all know your propagonda through your ajj tak..lol
Channi and Khalistani ab to finish  modiji me action chalu kar diya he
Option-'A'
Watching the end of democracy.
Vehicle glass already  broken before vehicle hit the people it means people attacked vehicle .every action there is a reaction .
*The GAME will start from here on.  The farmers will remain exempted from Income Tax & GST system forever.  But Traders in Agriculture produce selling up-stream will be brought into GST & IT regime.* 
Thanks 
I heard a very interesting analogy today,
Yhe year mein minimum pollution  ko hum Dekh sakte hai positive works
m one of protestors, 
Taxpayers money wasted.
SDM sahab salute. This out of syllabus treatment of this andolonjeevi was long overdue. Anybody disrupting citizens life needs the same playbook. Thank you.
They will stop cheating voters only when these Congis will be summoned by court and that news as DHOKHADHARI is covered by press - social media extensively.
Thanks modi di .we are proud of you . W
You only 1 hours waste but our whole will be wasted
correct answer is C
It is all trash except the decision to repeal the laws.... Watch it in 2x....
Where are the people of Haryana?
The people SUVs were running for their lives. Car windshield was already broken. 
stfu and get to the point
Now he becomes a damp, and the supporters are fully betrayed, whatever he thinks, he hasn't done one thing completely with the vast majority he is been showered
Mam actually ek kisan ki death ho gyi hai usko police walo ne itna mara ....
Sir make more such videos and thank you
Shame on Indian government and up government and special shme on u cheap national media 
Is this what you call ease of doing business??
Very nice class sir ji
Ye rounda hai
*Tomorrow, any group (or foreign govt) with an agenda and resources can employ people to block roads, block railway lines, disrupt movement and pressure govt to give in or hold them hostage. These people can change the course of the country to suit them. There will be no reforms or real development, instead anarchy*
Shameless sold-out media
Take down the controversial farm laws, problem solved. I completely blame the govt for this. You make laws for the farmer & the farmer did not like, then, why still force the law??
These middle man doing not farmers doing protests because they lose their profit.
  So, now India should close the Afghanistan file,
Arrest yogi Adithyanath
Watch Dhristi IAS video 3 hours long video on Farm Bill not a propaganda piece
Bullshit rhetoric... completely stumped by the decision; direct & indirect agitators who spent more than 5000 crores on this mega sponsored event in the name of poor farmers; all with dwindling fortunes, just found fumbling for thoughts & words whilst on camera.
Sir pls speak  about  vanaiar  jai ayya.v love u sir .pls my my name Prakash pls sir I now about my birth .I am in any  .....dash .now I am my caste
US plan to KILL Taliban: "The second MAP had a 30-kilometer RADIUS drawn around the CENTER of Kabul; any MOVE by the Taliban into that ZONE, McKenzie WARNED them, would be interpreted as a HOSTILE "act." Baradar and the other Taliban leaned over the map, trying to find the names of the areas INSIDE the 30-kilometer circle, which extended well past the gates of Kabul."   NYT 12/11/21
Sir assistant professor exam oriented videos kodi sir please tumba Help agutte
Farmers?? No these people are jokers
What is your agenda ?
He is a sikh first and then a BJP leader... Shameful words to the core from him... Also teach him some etiquette and manners on how one conducts themselves in a discussion.. Irritant butting in... Not a word of sympathy...
This is the last time I've watched India today's news,
Finally... Victory 
No Farmers No Food 
Why this protest ,once the law in court let supreme court work on it...
Modi only represents only corporate,  not people or nation.
Well we will have to wait for Kolkata elections to see whether the general public support Modi or the farmer. Only if the BJP does badly in these elections, will we see an early settlement.
Imran khan is trying to bring Sharia law in Afghanistan by banning ladies from work and schools but doesn't know that his home town Peshawar is the center for adultery sex and mujra the thing that happening in pakistan even not happening in Las Vegas America which is called sin city shame on you .can bring sharia law in pakistan
Modi and Amit shah duo seems to be doing a great damage to India economy.  They ate just concerned about winning next election , hate campaigns and Religious divisions for the sake of the Majority  vote bank.
When the rulers are afraid , fortress will be built
Priyanka Gandhi only going to BJP states party
Sare chor ek sath he beth gae hai BAHUT SAHI .....YOGI JI RATE BHI BADHA DENGE ...WO SAB THEEK KARENGE ..HE IS THE MOST HONEST CM IN THE ENTIRE INDIAN HISTORY JAI SHREE RAM
We are protecting our nation not our agriculture only . If these agriculture laws will apply then the first impact will on metropolitan cities.     Farmers of Punjab and Haryana are educated nd captivated.
Amazing sir..narrated by Principal is also very nice..overall it's really beautiful to see the root problems facing by the farmers
Thank you India, please give them more weapons so that they can take control of Kashmir as well. 
It is the victory of evil mind( middleman and opposition) and..... hard working farmers and government have lost.
Booth capturing and State intervention in elections started under JLN from the first election in1952.                       Recount      .....
Either he is completely dumb or he is a foocing sellout.  This is so incredibly dumbed down AND filled with lies, it makes my head spin.
Dear all Indian MUSLIMS we request you to please come with farmers and make this mission successful.
Bjp hato desh Bacho
The current central Govt is a govt of Liers & turncoats.
Shoot at sight
Mohammad = Messenger of God
This is planned by bjp  rss  in fir deep  sidhu  name is not mentioned  why  he is bjp  person it was pre-planned
Je NHi smjenge Je log sale camredd congress OR aadtiyoo k pishe lgge h
Nice song
Ye will sab wrong the
One of the worst day is when terrorists change Afghan to Taliban country. And also attack other countries.
Bahroopia of the century. Guess ?
Laws for people and Bills for farmers 
Yes sir please make polite videos for free..because I have tried so many times  to buy the subscription what i was not able to buy that due to some technical issues..If it was i can gain knowledge out of them...
Good information sir 
Anyone els noted???
I will support you 
Great thinking 
Supreme Court should intervene like how they are doing on other matters prosecute all these farmer goons for spreading the pandemic in public interest Supreme Court should pass orders
Un 75  me se 0.1 percent bhe bahut hote hai bhai
What's the big deal its just a flag, it could have been taken off by the police later.  It's not like farmer's damaged the Red fort building. Why is the government making an issue of a trivial issue. They're acting like these farmer's are an invading army..lol!!
For if you forgive others the wrongs they have done, your heavenly Father will also forgive you; but if you do not forgive others, then the wrongs you have done will not be forgiven by your Father.  (at Matthew 6: 6-15) 
Where do the Taliban stand on building back better 
CHEERS.*
bro they buy rice from use for Rs 14 per kg and sell for Rs 100 per kg... They gives us Rs 14 because its MSP which is in govt mandi... Now when private players wll come they wll give use Rs 20 in starting for 1-2 seasons we wll sell them very happily and wll not sell to govt. Mandi for 1-2 seasons... The govt mandi wll get closed as they r in very bad shape and govt also want them to close because they don't want to give MSP to farmers... When in 2-3 years govt mandi get close then  private play wll buy our rice at rs9 or Rs 10 because we can't go to govt mandi they r closed... Monopoly bro... Then in 2 act of this bill they can store as much as they can... they wll do holding and increasing of price and sell you the same rice in Rs 150...
The situation in Afghanistan  should had forced  majority of Muslims for major reform  so that root cause of radicalism is uprooted. If Muslims  are not doing it them self then intellectuals & media should have  shown mirror & forced for reforms. As these are not happening  then only right wing can get sone satisfaction  in mocking. But problem is serious. All righteous  people including  media & intellectuals  should realize that  Islam need urgent reform . The earliest  done is better for humanity.
Chill We win bro
Great.  Subscribing only bcoz of this guy 
Never vote these people in future.
what is this shit of zee news, only showing video after incident and claiming farmers are bitting thoughs guys in jeep but in real first jeep act on the farmers who are walking on the road in which four farmers died at the spot and many of them injured. then farmers become offensive and then they started to act on the jeep. THIS IS THE REAL INCIDENT HAPPENED. jeep is of union minister's son. zee news should show real incident. I AM BJP SUPPORTER BUT  now I am upset with bjp.
Realize yourself which is right way and truth!
I mean jo MSP wala system saare desh k liye bana tha, aur data k mutaabik kewal 5.8% kisaan hi iska laabh utha pa rahe the due to mentioned reasons in this video, iska matlab ye hua ki ye policy as a whole ek failure thi. Hai na? 
Do.anything don't allow congres to come back they will  destroy hindusim , full.of rogue people
We selute ndtv to show the vedio
Shame on Afghani men, neighboring countries for letting this tragedy happen.  Your gods wanted peace as we all do as your countries women simply wanted peace.
Another argument is that contract farming will benefit the farmers because they will get an assured price, pre-written in the contract. They say that this will give them a better price -  such as to at least cover their input costs. Some economists suggest that the laws will empower the farmers into a commanding position where they would be able to dictate their own terms and prices. If that is REALLY so, then why doesn't the government jump in and write an MSP?
Such biased opinions are recorded and presented here. Most of the people who answered are mis-informed. First of all, farmers of Punjan and haryana do not represent farmers of entire India. Secondly, Laws have to be changed with changing times. You can expect laws of 1950s to justify financial conditions of govt now. Ask farmers to pay tax and I am fine with everything. Farmers are doing a job just like any other person. Farmers are not doing social service. Farmers should not be compared to Armed forces of India.
9th April, 2021 has been one of the best days....
But the video represent facts that is good
Oh oh ... the islamic regime is spreading  faster and faster and faster in the West !!!
So how can i financially contribute to your channel ? To your reporting efforts ?
Agriculture laws is state subject.thanks
Aahir itni knowledge laaye kaha se ho......aapko kya naam du...m impressed with u....love u sir...ye news har channel pe hai,lekin aapne to news ki bhi zameen khod di,,itni info deke....it proves aap dil se sabka bhala cahte ho,,love u sir...
Report this Channel.
Debate and discussion is necessary 
India will never become developed like Western countries. Never!
Bunch of liars are ruling us.
i got a clear picture instaed of that godi medias fake news
2. All electric tractor, rotavator, harvester, thresher like farm equipments.
Modi sitting in his castle dividing and ruling sikhs fight the mighty tyrants history will repeat itself when power of democracy will be the peoples
chutiya laws finally repealed
I belongs from a higher class family 
In the past,
Pratik Sir! Your way of explaining things and providing appropriate insights is much relevant and peaceful. Thankyou team Drishti IAS!
Anyway this repeal took too long due to political interference from Khalistani's, same Tikait had praised the new laws in beginning and opposition supporting strike for it was their manifesto idea, but BJP took credit, so must be opposed thus meaning their manifesto idea had today FAILED by the repeal. It is easy to blame Modi, isn't it?
In local there is a problem of theft. My father purchase 5 solar panels , battery and light and install in different areas of my village to light the street as a social welfare but today all assets were stolen.
The most disorganized Program I  ever  saw , both The Anchors are continuously asking questions The Farmers Leader which is highly Rude on the part of both Anchors they are sitting on both sides of The Farmers Leader which is highly Bad Manners the poor Farmers Leader has to turn his face Right and Left to answer their questions  . To hell with this Show Zero decency on the behalf of both Anchors. Bye
c)  All the yield will become earning of farmer with the apex body being custodian of all yields of all farmers from all lands. Farmer can hold part of full yield for his or her home consumption with refund of input cost availed from apex body with interests if any. 
When govt was saying that farmer protest is a foreign powered protest.
Now let the Lutyens media show these lynching videos to the entire world. How goons camouflaged as farmers beat innocent to death
The head speaker asking to say YAY and NAY and giving decision on his whim is a prime example of this. Such a shame.
 Now God only begs us to save our country.
They will start blackmailing govt 
Who is this useless anchor
Our problem is more with internal enemies than external
Bhartiya JUMLA at PARLIAMENT...the series of JUMLA  continues...for the  benefit of..corporates.. the poorest at UK COURT...ANIL AMBANI ...poor man living on his wife's  wealth.
Now i can see how petty politics and bunch of radicals can hold the growth and welfare of a country. Such a sad day
Not trustable, he may be playing trick. He is a shroud and cunning fellow.
Islam is unconstitutional 
They Dont Win Election!
Thanks 
Govt. is lazy they need to improve storage facilities.
Yes it's true USA is nothing
In Haryana the minister nice detailed strategy how to eliminate opponents, he is not in jail till now in contrast to toolkit case
Shame on you R. Bharat 
I know farmers are concerned but instead of demanding to repeal the whole act but specific amendments should be carried out which is denied by farm leaders.Therefore farm leaders need to be more sensitive to this issue.
Never trust any of these version.
Satyamev Jayate Annadatas families of Shaheeds and soldiers Vijayi Bhav Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Jai Hind
Trevor stick you late night show and some comedy. Don't get into policts unless you know what's happening. Did you ever think the other 35 statuses have no issue but these one state has issue.
No foreign interference will be tolerated in CHINA. All countries have to take similar steps
Equity of FCI less than 5k cr
Modi earned shame for India
You are the last hope of india
Hope farmers don't meet the same fate.
Subsidies and new schemes must be launched for making agriculture scientific rather than depriving them of their Right to property.
It is very fruitful fot all the farmers,  they are not going to lose any rights even they will get more options of selling 
Join, our telegram channel:
The new 'farming laws' are infact well designed and purely based on 'Free Market' economics. 
---Keeps nibbling lands from ChinaTibett and Kashmir that led to a war in 1962 and border conflicts 
hahhha these liberals are comedians now they will cry we want laws
Very very little woman and children! What I see a bunch of young men. I wonder if these men are coming to America?? Umm I wonder. More chaos coming folks.
Even in these difficult time...Zee news is still lacking modi feet...
victory 
Its time for the govt to show the military might
If taliban attacks india then we will wipe them out
shetkryana kon bhdkvt he pahayla hav ani congressn apl tond thevlelech br are tumi lokani tumcha pksh gandhinchya navavrch jgvla ni maval mdhe tumich golibar kelal hotat na
Nicely explained by you
It's.. really Shame... lathicharge for protesting in democracy is not allowed at all
just imagine if there were no concept of election in India then these laws would never be taken back
   3.4 advantages for farmers  - boosts farmers income  
Ashish Sir on  
Farm laws reeked of wishful thinking and based on experience done during Agriculture  procurement done during Corona Lockdown.
Thank you so much sir.... For such a informative lecture.... Thanks a lot
But after the farmers law no farmer suicided is what I think. Anyway rich farmer will exploit the poor.
Its only Punjab which is protesting why cause its all Khalistan movement Nd the middlemen who are making good money Nd not paying taxes he wants Punjab Nd Muslim votes votes
Quint is totally biased, almost always,
What happened on 26th is right? No punishment for that. No one is accountable? What is happening
Ye sacche kisan hen
Funny indo alooomy gifted Afghanistan terrorist government and now Taliban government use this 
AKELI DELHI POLICE INKO HANDLE NAHI KAR SAKTI.
Promoted and funded by pannun .. why dont you highlight that  how he is demanding farmers to separate Punjab under the pretext of protest who are you making fool  media can lie then mr what is the authenticity of your videos. Please show both sides of the coin. We all know how Indias unity is under threat because of this protest  but keep making such idiotic videos to pump the protest
Good explanation.......... Clear crystal
Police is doing nothing to save us
He was trying to save womans who were targeted by Bjp goons and police together. They were not local but Bjp goons
---Keeps nibbling lands from Pakistan Kashmir that led to daily border 
I am real farmer and I really love this farmers bill. Those who doesn't know our problems and act like they know everything about us are protesting for money not for our good. We south Indians welcome farmers bill because we are not dumb heads. We know what is good nd what is not
Bengal election ke time Rakesh Tiket  yeha aayea tha, koi usko pehchan v nhi rha tha
A opposition with no proposal and only refusals.
Very nice and Heartful explain... Thank u  madam.....
Badal party steal everything from panjab they support RSS not panjab
I used to watch dhruv tatti. Now i understand how dake he is
Owaisi ji  constitution  3rd amendment aur 7th schedule  
Once you are sitting in powerful seat  then you can do whatever you want to do and then shout and silence whoever raise voice against you
COVID FAKE COVID FAKE COVID FAKE COVID FAKE
Sir protest krna chahiye I support farmers
Rakesh ji Dehli riots, UP riots, CAA, NRC, Minorities rights, Mob lynching ke ke baare me boliye phir chacha-bhatija kijiye. Hum aap ko support krenge.
Govt. Call water canons to wash farmer's tractor ... 
Come on you are totally going and dont know when was last time they communicate please do you research
I love the way he is begging now. One side His Ambani-adani papa will cut his pocket money other side farmer will cut his diet/ Roti pani Bichara modi
Fake Kishan achieved their gaol. What will happen to original Kishan ?
Why Maharashtra farmers did not protest, Anna kuch bhi...
 03:35 the stoopid forgot about West Bengal, Kerala and Tamil Nandu lections 
Thank you amit sir for making this video it was very informative and unbiased
Lesson from this video:
HAVE MONEY WILL TRAVEL! 
Hazoroo ??! These guys have lost it
NO WE ARE HEADING FOR INDIA
4. Farmville like visible e-marketplace where everyone can see online what others are growing very transparently with real time Navic/Bhuvan GPS satellites and soil health card reports. Here every farmer can put a price tag well before the crop mature, so that buyers, cultivators can line-up.
Ye chutiye left right karte rahenge humlogon ko chutiya banate rahenge.
Protest is fine, but that doesn't mean others will affect for it.
BJP is now bigger than India. A BJP PM can say that Indians were ashamed of showing an Indian passport. But you can't criticize BJP
* I am Vaishyas when i do any business (transaction)* and 
Lakhimpur mein jo ghatna Ghata Hai Rakesh ticket aur congress party ke Sara per Sthan Hua Hai
Mr Sir is a nice  speech
You reap what you sow. Amen
Worst Political Experience Shame Shame on Modi Government
modi dictator has taken down the farm laws, his ego is shattered now
Very nice to good leader
Modi enjoying life while poor police and farmers are going to die typical indian government
Who's kick out India from Afghanistan
Indian govt against it's own people....
Need dismissed all police department,  who this attacked on farmers
>shaking the world
Nice work Sir
It's like I come to murder you, but then decide to spare you (under obvious reasons, of course) as a Birthday Gift!! 
Congratulations to news laundry team.  Doing excellent and example.  Go-ahead..Good wishes.
Ek baar study to kr lete ki kya h farm bill and why middlemen (not farmers) are against it
I am damn sure that this protest will create a fear to future government to make any reform in agricultural sector 
Respect for you
PGurus I protest against you using Abhijit Mitra as an analyst. This clown has nothing good to say and his analysis is rudimentary. Find someone better please. This clown left to his own devices will teach our youth to continue spitting on India.
He is the real culprit. But he will be shield by the govt because he is minister,s son.
Mr. Anas Malik the bravo correspondent from War time, let him report about the IS-K who were suddenly became active during the last week of US evacuation. Now, what about their whereabouts..??
Country suffer due to politics
Government is MAJBOOR , it cannot go repeal laws framed by Corporate Houses.
Abolition of the bills was not the solution
BBC Stop spreading volience
8. All want farm reforms. Punjab and Haryana farmers unions want to repeal
*Share* *This* *Video*
But mam is a good teacher......
Good it's better all the police across the country become shameless... We need to clear the roads blocked by those calling themselves farmers when they aren't...
ye pucho inse aapke hisab se rasta rok kisne rkha tha
Feeling so proud dhruv sir, people like you exist, make people aware about truth, keep the good working going
Now people can understand why Pakistan was made... ..These rules are just a start, imagine what can happen next?.......
Just a waste of valuable time and money, not to mention energy. Nothing will come off it.
Thank you scoopwhoop unscripted.
Do you have data like over a period of 10 years how much farmers weath against middlemen
This man has no respect for anyone. He switches parties like a prostitute. He disrespects his own party cadre.
Unbelievable protest and sacrifice for over a year by Indian farmers. Well done!
On other hand , Mindset like western countries should be, like minimum wage. Its law in USA, Canada and all the western countries where quality of life most strive to live. No one can offer anyone below minimum wage, and minimum wage is calculated accordingly so that person can have decent living. 
We are looking for a SuperStockist and Distributor in Pan India.
We will import dry fruits from other produsing countries
Is this news.
Vehicle running very speedy..
Fight for the right... 
Thank god NDTV is taking breath in this godi world
Interested parties with resources brainwash ignorant masses for their interest
There are some members in the house who just make sounds on bench without any reason
And on the other hand we have to find actual news on YouTube.
Indian news anchors shout so much that i hardly watch it ..this is the VOICE 
Useless and half knowledge students
       OMG ! the Next PM may be from Kissans of India .
 Large scale misunderstanding .... What an Idiot.
Had the Punjabi ever thought of ruling themselves instead being ruled via declaring independence?
I know farmers are the one who make their entire life struggling for us. 
But let's wait for his next innovative steps for the welfare of farmers...
Okay so basically I support modi and i dont need to give you a reason , cuz its just politics yk
All indian investment gone in vain hahahaha 
India need more power towards Taliban and US !
We salute BBC team and channel.
and the elder and old people say that young generation haslost the energy to do revolutions
Zee news public itne bhi bekoof nahi ha
Your beloved fan NL tean
start questioning over courts judgement/armed forces bravery/ govt any actions/ decision/Hindu and forgetting that this govt is chosen by people of India at large and rejected opposition.
He is a smart guy. And republic tv head is a moron.
Good morning sir
police have hit elderly farmers fired tear gas fired bullets and killed several farmers - shame on delhi police ~!!!!
Inhuman government
No farmers no food.  Thank you so much sir.. 
I started to agree ...kick BJP and save country. Total useless team only busy in creating self image ....Feku number 1
Too bad some bad ass took the farmers for a ride..
Now godi media will say these are terrorists or khalistanis lol
First destroy Godi media, everything will become Normal.
Regards for ur sincere efforts Team NL
Sonu ne lockdown me jo respect kamayi thi ab gawa Raha hai..... peaceful protest my foot
Unsubscribing this channel 
Modi is a pim* of corporate money-lenders !
Listening in 1.5 speed is the best.
MSP guarantee is most important  and other important demands are there . 
Now the BJP would blame all other parties for their petty politics within in and outside parliament. BJP could again begging back these legislations after detailed discussion and putting forth the positive aspects of these laws and after proper media discussions and taking the message thi the farmers and rest of the people.
JOE BIDEN HAS SINGLE HANDEDLEE  CAUSED A DISASTER  . IT SEEMS TO BE just what the dems and china wants an america in peril .Biden will have america fall in less than a year if he is left in office
These are   
This should not be remove three laws should stay
I feels it's happening in first time in our indian history, where most of  bills passed by centre is either lying with supreme Court for challenge/ validations,  or people come out on roads itself for revokings all of them.
Why only Punjab farmers, why not farmers in south India and other states are protesting? This looks all politically motivated!
Haryana Govt Region .
Where is he now?
Did you get the permission from your spineless money loving boss to air this show asking questions to police( bjp's)...?
Very talented
Shame shame rapist farmers.
anything positive about Modi and BJP.
Ordinary citizens of India, and the  middle class also want cheap food items they don't hesitate to pay 300 rupees per movie ticket but hesitate to give 30 rupees per kg for any agriculture crop.
If most of the Indian farmers don't want that 3 laws then why the government is forcing it to install
Government ko ordinance nhi lana chiye
even more sad there are children and elderly in those crowds
If owasi was right why only muslims support him.why not all indians support him this shows he and his religion slowly creating some agenda which will spoil our country
I love,  you are a very cute black
It's not just a "FEAR" as you call it. It is a fact and is seen in many states already and suffering is also obvious in farmers and big profits for the already rich. UNFAIR in my opinion. There are problems as farmers agree but there needs to be a different approach, not through dictatorship and ask farmers to just obey just because the government thinks it's good for them. Farmers are a human beings and have a mind of their own too, believe it or not.
What?
BJP/RSS can accept anything but unity of Jats and Muslims in UP cannot be digested by them, that may be also one of the strong reasons for with drawal of this Black Farm Law.
Because after they reach Delhi it will be headline around the world and other countries will know how farmers are treated in our country
BJP CRIMINAL PARTY WORSE THAN EAST INDIA COMPANY
Imma give my boards and I need to graps the news so I have my own opinion and it'll help me in exams - essays and all .
Thank you sandeep sir  congratulations giving updates from the venue  only some reporters support farmers movement sandeep sir   ajit anjum sir  lot of thanks to you both
These two look very poor for politicians 
Farmers who defeat our slave mind Pm )
I know why msp is only available in 22 farmer product why not all farmer product and make a law  a farmer product is always a fixed price   he also get a good price for a product and get increase their income because if any farmer product  have a fixed price then he decided which produces at get best price.  Please comment
Haryana sarkar pe to sb swal utha rahe the ab chup kyu ho bsdko
so the conclusion of your report is mandi owners are in loss not farmers
Ban Bjp and Rss in the country
As you are reading this, I wish you the best and may your dreams come to pass.
Thank you so much for making this video. Amazing job at summarizing the issues with Farm bill.
You are great  Veer sir isliye kaha jata kisi ke life me achha teacher aa Jaye to uski life hi bn Jaye...rhi bill ki bat to ye mujhe personally achha lga..
Indians of all faiths and walks of life needs to recognize that fact that their country has under occupation and they are detailing with a political system which was forced upon them by colonial powers to create channel for smooth follow of goods, services and cheap qualified labor after the colonial powers had left the occupied lands. The parliamentarian system was created by European political scientists in the favor of monarchy where multiple parties fight it out for the administration of the nation while the monarchs control these parties from the sidelines. Parliamentarian political system is not a true democratic system for the people by the people. 
He is not actor....
History proves any March done by Punjabis to Delhi had conquered its motive this protest wil not slow down regardless of any forces used by dictators.
1st sushant then farmer law
Long Live PM 
1.15 sec madness overloaded 
Bevkuf Insan Rakesh ticket
APNI RAJNEETI ROTIYA SEKNEKE LIYE TIKET AB 
Everyone is like they are khalistani......do ya even know the history of Sikhs????n dont fuckin say that they want to divide India coz that's what RSS want.....n if uh can stop then do it...otherwise dont say that they did this or that
The weapons are being stacked  At the right time they will be shoved into your ample posterior
Talking useless things sir
Why isn't inflation being controlled? Why isn't the Government being for the People of our Country? Somebody's Gain is definitely going to be somebody's loss. In this case the Government who is very selective on certain issues have to discuss it in Parliament. Why wasn't it debated in Parliament then? What was the hurry for this Ammendment? There are so many other issues like the borders being protected. They should have Protected the borders like what they have done today. Not barricading, not Nailing and digging of roads, fencing etc , with our Farmers. 
Why only 2..
It is amazing that when a large number of farmers protest for their rights against the Bills that passed in the parliament denying their demand when remaining out in the open ground at a so cold climate, how rest of the people sleep in  own mahals ,in their cozy  facilities, not heeding their voice. How much we are concerned for the peasants group who have spend their whole energy to produce food grains for us. Should not we give ear to them. Think thrice, are they on wrong demand.
App baut baut asshi news de rahe ho
(a) a guaranteed price to be paid for such produce;
In Bihar Nitish Kumar had already implemented this Bill but every farmers become Poorer after that ,
Between competing against China economy  and winning the next elections, Modi choose the latter.
Who is here after repealing of the the three laws?
Kindly explain why has government withdrawn these bills. What we're the compulsions?
Will modiji do,that hurt the feelings of hidustanis,no way,he is sensible,experienced leader.so those doing Andholan or paid by political party,better be sensible,go back,do farming..jai hind.
Fuck up government 
Giving cash payment will create  corruption problems as non BJP states are looting public money
Country is in deep shit, ache din gone for ever
Protesting Farmers with tractors are very rich and they have no sympathy from Indians.  They are getting free donations by opposition.  These Farmers are super rich and they are not poor.
Answer c 3only
Or is this the way you handle mob
Most powerful community in world seems truth #?
Proud of you girl 
Greatest  foolishness  in the history of the  world. Prajatantra  me  sarkar  logon  se  darta  hai
The ability to distinguish between right and wrong will be no more if you continue watching these channels.
They were made angry by them deliberately because they are treated differently
Minority discontent, however, becomes a major concern and a great weakness of Modi. The bigger problem here is that noting the weakness of Modi, this concept of agitation is going to go all over India. Sad for India.
After this, I'm concerned about what kind of a media we have. And specially these foreign media houses like BBC who would criticise when laws are introduced but would support when laws are repealed because of mis reporting. Sad day!
What a biased channel and pdi likhi bewakoof  lady anchor
Farmer is food that you eat, fiber that you wear, and that money you have now in your wallets.
What nonsense is this Reddy saying? Trust the government? What public discussions did the government do on the matter of NRC, CAA ?
NDTV isliye hi best hai 
           Farmers also got trapped in Modi's jumla.  He also got upset in the same way.  The way citizens across the country are troubled in the future.
Police man trying to be very over smart
IF IF IF farmers were paid the FAIR value of their crops, they would then be able to reinvest in their farms, educate their children, and provide healthcare for their children.
Hoping it's not an eye wash to win 2022 assembly elections in 7 states
Look at Redfort one person was holding Big Sword I never seen such big Sword.. Thank you Nihang solider.. Showing swords..
Great clarification on the 3 reform bills 
you know what i mean
Jo Kam Desh ki opposition party aur media nhi krpaya wo Kam Rakesh ticket g ne Kia he.
Indian government no attack on Chinese army.
Bhadva Bhakt after watching this video is like.
Ask him why he is happy
No BJP For Sure 
People in Punjab nd Haryana, don't let uninvited people enter in their villages.
If wrong people, not farmers, were agitating, why did the Centre decide to repeal all three farm laws? Was it under the pressure from powerless opposition? Was it keeping in mind the UP and Punjab election? Has BJP become power-hungry all of a sudden?
India and China lol
Especially after 2014
Speak English please
Lok Sabha debated, discussed, clarified and passed the bills
They did not remove taranga . They used  empty pole
After this event Sikhs have lost all their goodwill. On one hand their brothers are fighting on border for the honour of tiranga and on other hand they are throwing away tiranga, Sikhs have lost it
THANK YOU BROTHER.
Pak n Talibs striving for cash, So beggar Imran begs with that excuses, see my dear Talibs are stabing me, help help please with Dollars, pounds n Euros, so my officers can enjoy fine imported drinks scolding India. N next day beg again.
Yar ye anchor sahab poore interview mai sirf ek hi party ko defend kr rhe  hai
Agriculture is the culture of  India...
Warning for Gujarati dont come to Punjab its better for them 
We never accept this durand line from Afghanistan
Very nice     interview 1 second  bore  
But these rich punjab farmers earned lot of money.. just came for vacation...
The national media's role (with the exception of some journalists) will be written in BOLD letters along with BJP when the history of India's democratic downfall is written. It is sad to see that India turning into an autocratic state.
Atul ji Pradhan will contest again after his third defeat with huge margins.
the main reason for repealing the agricultural law The army regiments revolted
  That's why I left that 3rd world country.
Only congress are liars. We trust our PM.
I dont think the loss of election in West Bengal or possible loss in Punjab or anywhere in the country is the real reason for withdrawal of Farm Laws 
Superb, here in Bangladesh we are suffering the same battle, where one victim went to jail on the counter false case after filing sexual harassment case against powerful bank criminals in Bangladesh
Very well explained Sir... 
1 year struggle, deaths, cold weather, community shaming, name calling, labelling as terrorists. My God ...                *NEVER FORGET*
Support from london tamil
Market Glut situation is not due to MSP but it is due to seasonal nature of agriculture. After kharif and Rabi season , two times in a year, there is a more than 80 to 90% produce is in the market.  due to this middlemen take the advantage and fall the prices.
What is meaning of Drishti.
Welcome New Govt
Ye law Rich farmer ke liye problematic ho sakta tha isiliye wo poor farmer ko bhadka ke aandolan me chale gaye..... 
Thank you modiji for opening our eyes.
JAI JAWAN JAI KISHAN KISHAN EKTA JINDABAD LAGE RAHO very good
Industry is asked about the policies it wants but agriculture policy is decided without consulting farmers or agricultural scientist
Desh ke wasio ke bure dun ayeah hai , ambani , adani , Jodi,  amit sha etc., ke acche din ayeah hai . Middle class , higher class , lower class , day by day ander hi ander hoo rahe hai . En 4 members ki hi acche din ayeah hai .
Rip to those who died and need justice
women in the west has freedom yet they claim themselves as depressed and opressed lmao,
AGAR AJJ DESH KI JO HALAT HAI NA WOH SIRF AUR SIRF IN BC CORRUPT LOGO KE KARAN HI HAI..SALE..BUT I WITH THE GOVERNMENT..CHAHE MODI BHAGAT BOLO YA KUCH BHI..I DON'T CARE..BUT CARE IN ONLY K HOW WE CAN COME FORWARD AND TO BECOME OUR INDIA..THE GREAT INDIA IN THE REAL SENSE..YEH KAMINE LOG SIRF AUR SIRF APNI POCKETS GARAM KARNE ME LAGE HAIN..DESH KI GAREEBI AUR HARD WORKING LOGO KE ASAFAL HONE KE PEESHE INHI CORRUPT LOGO KA BADA HATH HAI..JO KI AB KATNE KA WAQT AA GAYA HAI..EK TO HUM INDIANS ITNE EMOTIONAL HO JATE HAIN K KOI BHI KAHIN LE JATA HAI..HUME PEHLE DETAIL MEIN KNOWLEDGE LAINI CHAHIYE FIR HI BOLNA CHAHIYE..
Newslaundry ke studio me log apne pichwade se gas chod rahe hain is se desh me bhari Air Pollution ho raha hai.
Sir but small farmers where MSP is a one type of cancer, and milk are also given MSP on kg but fat calculation is also consider sir. 
Now BJP Will Win And Shut the Dukkan Of Congress in Punjab Too
Good evening, bhai
Oh india today. ...what a propaganda 
But the main responsibility for the fall of Kabul lies with Afghanistan only. In two decades, Afghanistan has received billions of dollars in economic and military aid and support from the world. India and other countries have invested billions of dollars in nation building. The USA trained and equipped Afghanistan's military and provided billions of dollars in aid. But there was a lack of political will and civic will to defend itself against extremist groups. Political leaders gave up against 70-80K Taliban fighters, 300000 military surrendered and civilians opted to flee or hide instead of protesting and fighting for their rights and future.When there is no factor within the country, there is no will power, then its downfall is inevitable. Because when you don't decide to fight yourself no one will stand for you. 
8 nahi 80 maarna cahiye tha.. how can there be lot of people with turban in UP protest..
Modi serkar become evil of this Era
Sir mai class 12th ka student hu par mujhe aapka class karne me bahot acha lagta hai 
 Interestingly, the new law keeps Mandi-Middleman-Mafia of politician-bigfarmer-looters as they were, plus additional facilities are created so as an option they can use alternatives with no chains attached. But, the mafia will fight back. They get free money of tax layers & they do not pay tax too, as agricultural  income is excempted from tax. 
Great movement for rights 
RIP SADGURU YOU ARE A BIG LIAR AND HYPOCRITE
Thanks sir bhout acca samj ge
Excellent teaching
Neither did any sikh nri mentioned about haryana
This modi's democracy!!!
The water table went down due to diverting water from the rivers to other states. I grew up seeing water levels going down and climbing back up after the rains.
Ek galat soch hi ek troublemaker ki identity hoti hai. Do you agree? Comment below.
This Chennal always shows one sideded anti national story
It's very saddening.. These farmers disrespecting Indian flag.. Its the problem of government.. Dont disrespect your countries flag..
Wow, kya farmers hai..... It can be clearly seen mob attacking police personnel on duty. They are not farmers,they are goons.
Famers wasting their time as it seems govt has no intention to resolve their issue.
Commendable work , can't express as to how much I agree with your thoughts, opinions, damn, every citizen needs to watch your videos !!
Sir really loving your videos
Fool people
Option c. Thank you Drishti team
In punjab MSP is given on wheat and paddy only.
I have come across many comments saying the farmers are with luxury vehicles there for they are fake. 
Corrupt Government ! If its a problem for Farmers then it is also a problem for you also. Shame on you Government and Media
Actually America thought that they have fully controlled afghanistan  and india who depend on usa want to use afghanistan land against PAKISTAN thats the reason they are screaming because TALIBANS said that no one is allowed to use our land  against PAKISTAN. indians and american peoples watch alot of movies in which the armies of india and america act to be brave but reality is totally different .Public needs to understand the logic that why america ran before arrival of TALIBANS and their 20 year old  trained army  what happened .. Thats the totally real image of india and america suffocated dogsA few days later IMRAN KHAN said our land can,t be used against AFGHANISTAN and know TALIBANS said the same.. understand day dreaming peoples think before talk 
JAI HIND
Great move to move india towards protien based diet. Countering carbs overhaul caused by green revolution.
But noone gets to know.
Slap them if they come for bharth bhandh
chalak people made Kisan protest to Sikh protest against gov,  they used the Sikh community for other owner benefits.
SHAME on BJP #FASCISTS  #Inhuman #Heartless #DirtySelfishPoliticians   #WithdrawAll3FarmersBills2020 #FarmersBills2020RaddKaro IMMEDIATELY UNCONDITIONALLY
BJP cheated EWS category no age fees marks relaxation
No mask but high gathering.
Police action is justified. The farmers tries to hold the whole society to ransom.
He is telling truth
Fake Farmers will not even meet with Government to discuss the bill...this is after years of asking for reform due to suicides, drought, faulty MSP pricing, etc! It is only an attack on Modi and the fake farmers are trying to cause anarchy.
Ab maan jao we are being ruled by dacoits and demons of Democracy India in big Trouble The BJP angle of rule 
The budget is absolute failure. This budget is also like the previous budgets.
who kill farmer you shameless journalist till who did first RSS pet dogs or farmers
Shame on This Government JAI Jawan JAI Kisan JAI HIND
Farmers are being used by thier so called leaders as sacrifice. Real farmers have already exposed tiket and the likes of their political ambintions. Why is no news channel reporting on that? Why was khalistan flag hoisted on red fort? Who is supporting such separatists? Questions need to be asked why were police officers attaked and barricades broken by so called "farmers" 
Mentali I bow down all the Delhi police.I also request them please arrest all the krishan lider ,they all are enemy for our country.
Really you are best, Very clearly analysis kiya hai,
Communist and khalsa group
This godi media should be got heart attack when they see these worrier Nihang Singhs
You pops seems to be kneeling .. you ll get payment to kneel too.. start rehearsing
Good these punjab EKTA mediator morcha must not be allowed. They are doing Bigotry things by help of Congress as well as communists. 
Sir mare ba. Mai subject English, Geography or psychology hai mai second grade ki tayri social study se kar sakthi hu kya?
March: "UP farmers dont have anything to do with protests as we do not get msp".
Modiji and amitsha politics life the end
His khalistanis Pakistans backing ?? Now what ?? 
Reforms = protest
Seriously disappointed... 
I'm sure there will be some reason for this move.  Just because we don't know that does not mean it is a stupid move.  Let's wait and watch.
rajya sabha deputy chairman should be thrown out of his post. he did democratic assassination
Supreme court always Supreme in India.
Has this inebriated condition come in picture ?
Thanks Mam
For famer protest coverage 
Very nice person Harinder ji
Only non biased news channel in India
Good Job Lallantop 
We won after losing many lives 
GOD save the Nation..
Arrogance at its height...
"146" second 
Hindu k marne pr super court blind ho jata h
Indian army brutality tear gas and water canons , against peaceful protest planned at Delhi. Why is the government using extreme anti democratic tactics against their citizens, citizens have a democrative  voice to protest peacefully. Thete are no viloence, crimes, or law and order or security issues, its all lies and propaganda. Disgusting and shameful tactics. Watch whole world this shaemful and evil government unfair and provocative actions by the security forces, against the farmers of panjab. The farmers will fight back if you account innocent peaceful democration protestors. India fake democracy, dictatorship, shame on you trying to silence the poor masses . You deployed these tactics in 1984, but today all the world is watching you cant censor the media .
Back to reality after a fake budget distraction.
change is the only thing that sustain
This is supercalifraglisticexpialidocious.
Canada continues to struggle to address longstanding human rights challenges, including wide-ranging abuses against Indigenous peoples, the continued confinement of immigration detainees in jails, and a prison law that does not rule out prolonged solitary confinement. Canada also grapples with serious human rights issues relating to the overseas operations of Canadian extractive companies, and persistent exports of military equipment to countries with a record of human rights violations.
Ms Kavitha Krishnan, GREAT speech, I SALUTE you for the in born BOLDESS in you,  CRICKETERS  have LOST there GLORY and RESPECT by CONDEMNING FARMER PROTEST to make MODY feel that what ever done by him to break the peaceful protest of FARMERS is CORRECT, these STUDENTS have more sence than the acters including AMMITHAB BACHAN, and Cricketer  SACHINN TENDULKAR,  since they have LOST there RESPECT in PUBLIC, hence I have not Prefixed Mr. before there NAMES,I wish SUCCESS for FARMERS PROTEST Jai Hind.
Wait ...filter ho rahe hai... actual kisan...and...bank account wale Kisan... government know bank account for foreign funding 
He is a man of guts
Terrorist channel NDTV trying maximum to fuel the issue, by giving fake news.... always this channel trying this......
Jis thali m khate h ussi m chedd kr rhe h
Our farmers are facing inconvenience sitting on roads for last few months in such cold , rain with their kids  and people who are eating at their homes still criticising them, shame on such rubbish people
Sir please international trade me bhi video Banaye
New agriculture law on farmers write  report
Tum news wale modi ji se q nhi puchte jb wo cn the tb msp ko le kr bolte the ab jb pm h toh kuch nhi kr rhe h
6. To moderate the resistance, angry youth are drugged weed hash and porn by Bollywood.
PM wear sari? bom bom bolbom
thanks for this sir
Dekho farmers ko environment ki bhi baat karni chahiye not only political stuff
Farmers, protest is no use. Learn from Naxalite to guard your rights.
They are protesting,fighting for their own rights not going to school that they have to follow rules 
Some respect them above their life. And he has surrendered himself to justice. And he aint afraid to die for what he did.
This guy should be out of India, speaking something doing something else, most ugly government, killed farmers and now taking about farmers
It's just a lollipop for upcoming elections!!
US U DON'T NEED CLOSED? AT ALL.
2. How easy will it be to deal with corporate, even for a group of farmers?
No matter how good or develop the government be..  Iam not voting a govt who murders 700 farmers for personal agenda.....m not Ambani or mallya...I depend on my farmers for my stomach to be fed....I can't fly a sack of pyaz,and tamatar from America...
You don't have proper knowledge of these bills so please don't give any wrong statement
These will be implement one day for sure. 
shameless oppostion given support 
NDTV is an anti national TV the viewers also so.
9. In 2021 january govt gave a option to protesting farmers union that it will hold the laws till 2 years until 
where they take the dump ? :)
Lie in English!
Very helpful video clear all doubts.. Thanks sir
In the beeped section the msn in reality said bhaiya ankit das. But ndtv made librandus fool. they really don't know why they loss every time.
Modi drama vote for congress only
They are summoning him for questioning only because they have to face the Supreme Court tomorrow. That's also why they have announced the name of the retired judge to conduct the judicial enquiry. They are trying to finesse the Supre Court.
Why only ndtv is showing this news..what happened to other channels...
Where is Andhra Pradesh most farming in India . Jai farming
Make vdo on private mandi how it works??
BJP government
Extraordinary explanation  ....easily understandable.
Deash ko thagne ka man Aadda hi RSS he BJP to bacca he man to RSS he ye planing karta he
Indicates Modi has infact set the cat among pigeons.
Wish them all support and success!!!!!
I stand with farmers rights. Long live the farmer
Democracy is Government for the people, by the people , to the people. 
Kanoon vapisi pr charcha honi chaye thi
Only they know....How painfully they passing their days.....Nd our beloved Besharm PM is naming them Andolanjivi.
I think the point you are saying is already there to some extent by using essential commodity clause at 100% rise in 1 year.
4:19 awesome  da ka security issue hone wala tha epic
The whole Region is a mess under Islam & other Worldly Cults!
Social distancing has been ignored 
He is talking about kasmir , where lakhs of people thrown out over night and rape murdered , now they r murmering
It would be even better if you provide ppt explanations/notes of this video.
           The  Central Minister holding responsibility for the Agriculture Portfolio must take responsibility for the continued impasse and resign. What is he occupying the chair for ???
Modi is great
One advice for BJP
God Bless All the Farmer for all their hearts desires to be fulfilled by the Power of the Holy Spirit.
Sir AFO new bacth start hui hai kiya
Looks familiar, isn't it?
Just the usual Monday morning in China........
He don't know how to speak
The problem is that in most cases MSP is the highest price farmers can get. Bihar does not have APMC act, see the condition of Bihar's farmer... working as a labor in another state. Maharashtra does not have... farmer suicide in Maharashtra is common. In India, leaders only think about consumers, not about farmers. When production increases, cost of the potato, onion etc becomes very low...govt generally does not interfere. When the opposite happens, govt stops export, reduce import duty to check the cost. In both cases, farmers are the only sufferer. Why these farm laws do not fix the minimum support price? They want to allow private entities, why they are not saying that private entities will not be able to buy the product below the minimum support price? Why they are allowing private entities to stock the farming product? They want that agriculture has to follow the market rules... fine... why do they stop export and reduce import duty when the cost of rice, potato,es etc starts to rise? That's also a market rule.
Which software do you use  ?
Shame on people sitting in their studios & shouting 'Khalistani -Khalistani'
people power is bigger than police 
NRC ke virodh karne ke liye jo andolan hu tha use be hinsak bna diya tha , chronology samjhe 
Now I think this video is made to be made us fool only. I have certain queries after watching this video -- 1) if MSP was the incentivazation step during low production time of country in 1960s then why NOT same MSP be now be the GURANTEE STEP TO ALL FARMERS NOW SO THAT SUDDENLY IN EXCESS PRODUCTION TIME (LIKE NOW A DAYS) , THE PRICES SHOULD NOT GO DOWN EVEN THE COST OF PRODUCTION OR ANY BUSINESS ORGANIZATION OF AMBANI AND ADANI SHOULD NOT BE ABLE TO ADOPT  UNFAIR MEANS TO BRING THE CROP PRICE VERY MUCH DOWN ????
very very informative...today my farm bill concept is clear... thank u veryyyyyy muchh...
Whys not Tiket arrested n not jailed this too much how much murders Dacait Tiket is going to do wake up PM arrest immediately
So when will they use their nukes?
Now days,the valuable seat in sit can't they don't respect it.
From now, NDTV & Rakesh Tikait are responsible for any violence during farm protest.
All that scum taleban needs to be exterminated. You can only reduce the scum. It will never go away.
Right bill
Today RICH farmers won over POOR farmers.
Nice video,  I think The Farmer Bills are Very Good for Farmers and our Country
Modi is a horrible corrupted man.  He needs to he  . God is watching his torture   killings.   Punishment he will endure. Farmers are God's children's.   The world  knows  is not a democratic country.  It's terror on people to become Hindu by RRS torture it is  genocide.   Support farmers. 
Very very nice presentation
I think this is a fake BBC, it's actually praising farmer's law.
These are the mobs who are engaged in the independence of Khalistan and support the severe suppression by the Modi government.
       .              CONTAMINATED          .    CANCER TRAIN  CANCER HOSPITAL  . 
Narendra Modi has the mindset of Adolf Hitler
I don't live in India anymore, I'm happy I don't. I left India in 2017. I've contributed immensely to the other nations. I studied very hard for this and was a scholar always.
"died" They were brutally murdered.
This channel is about Rise of a new anti national, anti hindu and anti BJP news ! Lol liberandus will remain liberandus..
First of all they are not farmers. Then farmers name is involved.
Caption    .
The ppl of Punjab had created serious security threat for the country..hence the Govt had to repeal the law
Anyone of my colleagues here explain me the land to lab one please?
Mujhe laga pura delhi hi racist hai...kuch log acche bhi hai
Before :Modi take your laws back .
2 Allah Talla Juleshan is Sovereign.
ur government has failed sir ....india is not gonna run like this u idiots bring back Khalsa raaj  only one way to save india
Shame on republic TV.
Tuje to Corona hi Dikhe gana Jo Tumre Aabba ki Khurchi Khatre me  Jay Kishan Jay Jawan Jay Hind 
They not farmer they are terrorists
Thanks for the information 
What can u expect from the west? They destroyed all machinery and stole all the money they themselves printed and then continue they usual women and girls jingle
Lock down me bill pe kya charcha ki? 
Just sheer eloquency... Damn!!
See farmers were not happy with these laws govt. repealed them, farmers shud be happy now, the outcome will it be fair unfair all will know soon
Foolish channel this channel should be locked
Subtitles please, 
Dishonourable Minster  should not only be sacked should also be arraigned for obstruction of justice as a co-conspirator.
Indian new is not Indian chanal it is modi chanal
Sir, when 70% of population is linked with agriculture , if through MSP as law , we support them, they will be able to hire poor and less privileged people and helpers, hence poverty we can deal.
Same act is needed in INDIA, USA, EUROPE, AUSTRALIA and .
Good job by central govt
Enough of them bsdk farmers
typical bania...........
Farmers are our last hope now
First one is savage
 Science of Buddhism  1.Buddha walked 7 steps after birth   2.Triptik story :- One day the Buddha was meditating, then suddenly the rain began to rain, the Buddha's penance should not be disturbed, so the snake stood on the Buddha and saved the Buddha from the wetness.  3.Wherever Buddha stepped, lotuses started growing there??  4.The elephant entered Mahamaya's stomach and Buddha was born  5.Seeing the mole of Buddha's feet, Pandit said that this child will grow up and show people the path of religion  6.Buddha was flying in the air while meditating  7.Tripitak:- According to Buddhism, humans originated from people who came from other planets. 8.Buddha told his disciples I have been born on this earth 24 times  9.Buddha told his disciples to get wisdom by eating kheer  10. Buddha did not eat food for months
Covid third wave will surely come
This is so wholesome 
BBC knows what happened  
Nice song 
Who is here after forcing PM care fun looter party to repeal the Gujrati Ambani, Adani black laws in name of reform.
Opposing the farm laws is anti-farmer and anti-Indian, those opposing the farm laws are clearly not farmers,they r paid rioters by khangress
TERORISM LOKTANTR ME SURAKH BNA HI LETA HAI
After so many explanations and good will by the government, even to the extent of witholding the laws for the next 18 to 24 months, it is sad to see some in india hell bent on disgracing the government. There is no respect by the farmer for the nation. Just a group of debauchers.
Now Sikhs should be ready for their next Ghallughara.. RSS and BJP will vent all their anger and prepare to massacre sikhs to teach them a lesson just like India did in 84 to avenge emergency  opposition by sikhs. Modi has succeeded in presenting it as a sikh issue. Sikhs have almost fallen into RSS trap now. RIP sikhs  in advance.
Congress is at its old game again.... Traitors...
Good morning.......The Tribune news...... ....... ................. Jag Mohan Singh
Aajtak reporter has only one question in whole interview, when Is SKM fighting Elections, nothing else.
Only people farming wheat rice and sugar would have issues cos India grows excess and there no huge demand. Less demand less price but no they want their MSP from taxpayers money
Tum chor ho abp wale
Im against farmers who are blocking the borders adding to violence rather than choosing a peaceful protest 
Talking about Modi Ji's Govt, then this is the govt who had looked into all matters.
All wars shall cease.
Doob maro republic walo.
 -     IAS PSC TATA ADANI AMBANI      
This is real terrorism...They will pay huge price ...more deaths may happen in coming days.. advance RIP for criminals
Sir one concept talk on krishi bill or kisan aandolan
Berozgari pending no progress only debates . Scripted question and answers
KABHI MATT HONA CHAHIA .ANY OF NRHRU RELATIVES ARE ABBLE TO BRING ANYKIND OF DEVELOPMENTS OR GOOD WORK TO INDIA . THEY ARE PRO CHINA NIKAMMAS.
Saheb. Please. Kuch. Tou. Bolo.  They. Are. Not. Taalibaan.
They are no farmers they are paid political goons Home minster need to take action against them
To give an update on this protest, the government unconditionally repealed all the three new laws. The farmers have declared victory.
Modi u will pay for dis poor farmer so sad fr dem
So if farmers sell directly to traders , how does it gonna exploit them ?? Cutting out mandis and middle man's profit , farmers can get there true value of products and not the recession by mandis .
Brave heart Farmers gonna win did battle, shame on you ppl who r still supporting parasite capitalist Government who's fooling Andhbhakts in the name of Hinduism.
Arnab ab tho sharam karle please
No money for Social Schemes (such as MNREGA)
Petrol 105, diesel 90 gas 950/_-..Such a dirty kind of thing budde modi..for getting power .he will do all kinds dramas for election and for his party's.such a.dirty closet PM.
Thnku sir for giving this information 
Shir nee he
Rakish Ji say put into practicality and not just talk; in the past nothing has been done , to wait another year or five years , to see the government implementing their promises , is at high stake as they always failed in their promises ; farmers cant high cost of living with modern structures, with education , health ; instead of out sourcing to outsiders; give the farmers the opportunity to grow organic food; which the farmers had done in sixties . Pl ease think of farmers livelihood and they do not want to be stuck in the sixties and beyond that .
Sir g thanks for this vedio .
yogi ji se pooch solituitionsx fir fir dekh sacchi....lol
Rakesh Tikait & Yogendra Yadav are political wolves using innocent farmer's.
Election jitne ke liya yesab to karna hi page ga naw vai wo or behen ho .
I dont understand what kind of god this taliban people are worshipping that lets them kill humans and violates the rights of women girls and children. Only devils are capable of doing this. They should be severely punished by their own god if that god is a smart one.
When constitution are not followed by Rajya sabha then what we can expect from rest ?
I am not sure how much BJP or Modi is going to benefit politically  . But I am worried about how some vested interest going to take advantage by funded agetitatation and held government to ransom. Like article 370 ,caa law .
Boycutt tex pay indian govt
Jo kahte hai farm bill galat tha unhe economy ki samajh nahi hai
Look at china villages turned to flourish villagers, more beautiful than our metro cities,....
Fake News !
This bill will empowerment for farmers of India.
Too much black money   in PB.
Aaj Gandhi g hote to Lathi le Kar kisano k bich baithe hote.
This is the gift of getting nation out of food insecurity
Like, VEER-ZAARA, story for JRNTR sir, in YouTube, type, KONDETI PRODUCTIONS
Mather fack Pakistan 
I have already stopped to purchase home grocery from the BJP supporting shopkeepers.
Reforms are extremely important ........ nothing is without risk.
knowlageable vedio and all claims that put in vedio with fact its good
Huminity is the most beautiful religion in the world
WE SUPPORT OUR PM..LONG LIVE INDIA..
I feel that this reformed agriculture bill proposed by Gov. needs some changes & amendments to ENSURE that our most diligent & hardworking farmer brothers get their truly deserving  rewards:
Elections are the start of democracy and the end of democracy
Andher Nagari Chaupat Raja! Ministers/MLAs on a killing spree these days? Who are the true antinationals,  perhaps low IQ Andhbhakts will never understand!! Very sorry state of affairs!!
:- I think the work of journalist is 
Indian employment and kisan protest 
Is the App Paid?
You didnt show the police killing and putting their head on young people 
Sanghis it's time u understand the truth stop supporting this extremist govt Jai jawaani Jai kisaan
Very nice, Jai Hind.
Pure india me bolo jay shree ram
Thank u sir for this video
We can see the difference how Tamil Nadu farmers peacefully protected in delhi for 3 months vs Punjab business goons leading violently.
Sound  wisdom  of  Honorable Modi ji  and  kingdom of  farmers  , difference between both  one  can  judge  who is  realized  only  seeing the  country  situation  ll
He is trying to push his opinions and force this idea that they opposed the laws cos Sikh's don't like Modi. Such sheer stupidity. BJP is in power in Haryana and Jaats supported Modi whole heartily. They opposed the laws because the were bad and the same people that voted for Modi felt back stabbed.
Hats off bhai
What you are discussing......
Thank you Ravish kumar for this episode
   3.3 commodity types and their respective range of prices 1. perishable( like potato, onion) = 100 percent 2. non perishable like pulses , cereals , edible oilseeds and oils = 50 percent 
Why only Punjab and some Harayan farmers have issues with the Farm bill?
             congress/ TMC/CPI/CPIM party         ,             ,     /               
Without discussion 
very good DK Singh. Keep it up.
bill is going to  abolished
By arresting Priyanka, BJP have made her go viral in a second.
amazing work vox..um scoopwhoop
And people wonder why farmers commit suicide. They are burdened by heavy loans and the banks cannot touch people like Mallya but will go after our poor farmers. Harass them irrespective of what their situation is. Hopefully the government comes off it's high horse and stops treating them like our enemies. We eat  thanks to our farmers. Hope and pray that this is sorted soon.
Vikram Singh are you eating food .... So you should think & look before you comments
Awesome Journalism Sir
I liked ur movies for a long time but You are disrespect to women kangana....remember ur struggled days in life...
Bhai log ye kch so called farmers hi h... Tum inhe khalistani keh skte ho ... The protesters are not too many..... Logo ko apne apne kaam hote h, in khalistanio ki tarah free nai h .....vaise b inke protest se kch jada fark nai padne wala .....  Lage rho khalistanio...  Keep it up ...
29:00 wow  Sikhs are the backbone of this country !! They are god's in this world full of selfish peoples
Straight up ripped max payne 2 ost. Should copyright strike this channel.
Srinivasan Jain is more worried and confused as which way Modi's announcement is going to turn. NDTV is once again at its anti national act.
Im not being political in any sense here but you have killed the opportunity of millions of farmers across India to have had a bette life just for your shifty gain. 
But the effect of farm laws kya honge future u cannot oredict
Would highly recommend to watch vikas divyakirti sir for greater perspective and deep knowledge abt farm laws. You'd see an unbiased and to the point explanation
Very simply and effectively explained
I'm Afghan and I love India very much because they always help us. And we would never want badly for our brothers.
I think one state with there hidden agenda doesn't represent whole country
The Modi-led BJP government is in a dictatorship, with pro-PM organizations, especially Adani and Ambani, ruining the country.
Click here to buy full UPSC course https://www.studyiq.com/course-detail/upsc-ias-pre-mains
It is not modi's defeat, it is his decency, he will give his stroke in some other direction.
Come to akhilesh yadav
Jo life loss hua hai...ruling govt. Ki jidd ki wajah se ask for their rights as well... hats off to alll farmers 
Who else is getting this in recommendation now that this has been proven right?
Covid is a tool used suppress the people
Im against this law as it exploits the farmers . The contract farming  is something farmers feared as it give open permission to udyogpatis to exploit farmers and removing MSP will bring our farmers below poverty line which could be disastrous and can lead to famines and depletion of economic liberalism and turning indian economy into capitalist economy whic can be pretty fatal for our country  . Jai kisan , kisan ekta zindabad
When democracy treats as in a dictator ideology the public take stand there own.
bhakt is not a bad thing but u have to be sensible when u r a bhakt of some party or person not brainless
please make a video with the current situation
It is better for india to enact stringent laws against TREASON. Reason. The more deadly enemies are within INDIAN borders.
JALDI JALDI MODI KE TATTE GANDE GANDE COMMENTS KRO CHALO
What a tragedy. We have made gundas our leaders and our farmers are dying. 
Why ,In Progressive state like Maharashtra; the farmers r not part of agitation?
Brahmins marry within the Brahmin community rejecting those from others as unsuitable for marriage or other close personal relationships. Brahmins separate themselves from the rest of society by themselves. Brahmins establish their own services, and maintain their own traditions and customs. By remaining in a reserve and in isolation, Brahmins preserve their cultures intact as long and protect them. Brahmins consider others as intellectually and socially equal. Brahmins resist integrating and completely merging with surrounding populations and stay homogeneous as distinct community within societies that have other practices and beliefs. Brahmins encourages community affiliation and bonding and encourages solidarity and ensures greater control over community resources.
Isliye Bolte Hamre My Ko Ny Lagna Baccho
this video is manipulated.. check original video.. NDTV is trash news
Our government is really great they listen and do what the farmers want them to do really appreciate my government's work. No matter that farmers were wrong or may be right
In simple terms it means that it shld actually be the common people fighting against the laws instead of farmers. 
Politics mai kisiko covid nahi hota bhai rally mai thodi hoga covid hum chutiyebhai bhenechod yaha bethe hai chutiya jaise sunn rahe hai ek saal ho gaya
DUE TO EASY AVAILABILITY OF INTERNET AAJ GAWAAR BHI NOBLE PRIZE WINNER KO GALI DE DEGA JO UNKI BIRADARI ME AAGE PICHHE 50 PUSTO TAAK SAPNE ME BHI KOI NAHI SOCH SAKTAA..!.
if that happens in Indonesia, I'm sure everyone will fight together
We farmers from Maharashtra fully support farmers bill .... 
Next CM of UP Sanjay Singh 
Don't worry it will end up as playground equipment
I see a ton of Supporting farmers.
Fake Farmers  attacked the vehicle first by stone pelting and driver lost the control and run over protesters. The mob then pulled everyone from the car and lynched to death. Rndtv should show the whole picture and not selected one. These are not farmers these are fucking terrorists
complete U turn, as elections dawns
AKHILESH YADAV NEXT CM OF U P IN 2022
                                                           ?          I reggret to say                                        ( )      (   )                                         self defence     
I am unable to gather words because my mind got polluted
Mam indian economic service ka mara single mind hai apna IES exam likha hai apka kya result rha please reply
Trust God Jesus loves u died n arose on 3rd day u r sure in heaven c empty tomb in google
MODI JI JINDABAD YOGI JI JINDABAD RAM RAM JI JINDABAD JINDABAD JINDABAD is 
Well done Modi. Punjab is sure shot to come in BJPs ambit with Captain Amarinder.
Now roads will be empty
at last admn was left with no option
AB GOVERNMENT KO FREE KI KHERAT PE RUPIYA LUTANEVALE POLITICAL SAHUKARO + SARKARI NOKARSAHO OR FREE KI KHERAT PE JINEVALE YE SAB MIDDAL CLASS UPPER CAST + PARSI JEAIN SAMAJ + BHARAT PE LIFETIME UNLIMITED BOZ THA HAI OR RAHEGA......
tumbtao geh kon h Shi ...... every one farmers protest
THE IDIOTIC SUPREME COURTS STILL KEEPS QUIET WHEN THE THUGS FAKELY REPRESENTING KISANS ARE MISUSING THEIR FREEDOM.  SC AND HC AND CJI HAVE MADE A JOKE OF THE LEGAL SYSTEM.  CORRUPT AND CRIMINAL POLITICIANS ARE ROAMING FREE BUT COMMON MAN IS BEING BRUTALISED BY LAW.
Hypocrisy of the media is so proved
No corona they lie no listens
Media making people's fool ...
                           , YouTube, Instagram               
Vote for congress party and save in india
They are humans or anything?
God Yet the farmers will still loose for a fair price who  will be left in the hands of middlemen hoarders and corrupt politicians who will control the price. The rest of the farmers of India were so happy that they got a better price for their crops and accepted the agricultural laws. Leaving only Punjab farmers under pressure from middlemen and foreign funds to protest who were not even paying tax and controlled the price. Shame
We need India back,save India from Bjp
We are proud of our brother a real Singh protecting his sisters and mothers 
well thing is that, opposition started to oppose to bjp as opponent at first, but now they started to oppose nation as whole. 
Art of twisting things by writing suitable title.
ab congress bole gi wo rss bjp wala hai
Does it not matter to responsible Indians that this PM, who is unbelievably active on social media, has not sent a single msg for the victims crushed  or one word of condemnation for the  BJP  minister!!!
Break there bones
We support farmers
I have lost all sympathy for the farmers now. Only Law can give justice to Lakhbeer Singh.
Acha anaaj ugaao to pura desh lene betha he msp se bhi jayada kimat per, lekin inhe to kuda he bechna he
So called farmers
Why is supreme court shut mouth ears and eyes ?it is threat to the security of the country .
Jungle only sthageet karwai. No discussion
If you are a Delhi Police personnel,you should hang yourself in shame for failing to stop Incursion at Red Fort during Republic Day.
Unfortunately this video is only getting recommended now in 2022! But good to know at least now YouTube algorithm suggested it. Really helped in exploring more about the issues in agriculture.
In your channel same video and news have been shown several times. If you have new news then show it
Then whys the govt doing it is becoz they get benefitted from the rich after all poor have nothing for the party Fund.
INQULAB JINDABAD
BJP WILL LOOSE EVERYTHING not election  
8. Why always big companies will come for buying, why can't small companies and Adthi's can come for buying.
Shame on india  less coutry
nice explained mam
So shame on you delhi police so shame on you
This jahil tikket will not stop.. Mr Modi has may made mistake... This do not represent small farmers.. Pls bring back the bill Modiji.. U havevtrusted  sponsored gadha
The powerful middlemen who were profiting with help of congress and other opposition are paying the union leaders to continue to agitate while many poor farmers  are ready to move to allocated grounds and to talk to the government 
Democracy are vulnerable now days
Second revision
Plz only support farmers 
Please upload questions in English also so that we can understand
Jesus is coming soon..
Most hypocrite protest ever in human mankind...
- If Modi wants to divide wealth of rich.
Thanks a ton ma'am 
Kuch bhi batate ho
- NO free drinks, free food, free tents,..
Brampton!
10) One specific political party which never even supported our Police forces by giving them good weapons & bullet proof jackets, was high on supporting these rowdy farmers! Remember how during 26/11, Karkare died because of the bullet proof jackets did not even work? How much was paid for these jackets?
Farmers and labourers in Jharkhand, Bihar are gentle and poor. They have a traditional mindset of accepting whatever the "lord" saheb says, which is different from the attitude of farmers in Punjab and Haryana. They avoid confrontations. Talk to any of them and the difference between Bihar and Punjab farmers is very obvious. During the lockdown , mostly labourers from Bihar and UP were victims, and they walked back thousands of kilometers to their villages - without raising a single voice.
Who is fanning the anti government sentiment? What is their agenda? Who is paying the bill? Who has the money to spend on the destruction of another country?
R.I.P to Muslim and Sikhs 
Show in correct Indian map 
Look at the presentation of this godi channel...shame.. godi media...
firstly i humbly submit that, I personally am a great great fan of both Modi Ji and Trump, the work Modi Ji and Trump to counter China/CCP/Pakistan etc is doing for this NavBharat is highly admirable and I am very Pro-Modi Ji, and he indeed is the best PM in our history of free India, also, I am not an opposition political member or any such affiliation, .... 
Tikait should be put behind bar
Indian Punjab is for PUNJABIS: HARYANVIS, BIHARIS and not SIKHS... WE SIKHS ARE A SEPARATE QOUM. Lahore is our home. Forget the 5 Takht, but never forgetGuru Nanak's Nankana and Lahore in Pakistan....how many times will we have to beaten on our head to understand? Sant Bhindranwale ji clearly SAID "SIKHS ARE NOT HINDUS...SIKHS ARE A VAKHRI QUOM" Lahore is our home. Forget the 5 Takht, but never forget Guru Nanak's Nankana and Lahore in Pakistan. 
Guarantee of MSP and Essential commodity Act should be brought back as stilos are waiting to store without limit.
Indian #FarmersWon 
Mitron...This will happen in New India...
The real terrorists US & NATO and keep brainwashing people's mind saying Taliban the terrorist.. Media propaganda didn't want people knowing the truth but spill all the lies.. smh
Dont worry its in good hands now the Chinese have moved in
3   CONGRESS RULED              
Kissan union leaders are requesting that not protest against the Govt of India which will be harmful for the India's carriers and Common poeple Of The India
Worlds largest protest by worlds bravest community,  A huge respect to farmers and my people 
I am unsubscribe, because of your this vedio.  Modi is best.
This government has problem adopting scientific methods
Chor  media
Better than a thousand days of diligent study is one day with a great  teacher.
Nonetheless it's clearly a move for votes in upcoming elections
Yehi China Hota toh helicopter Se goli chal gayi hoti
Even her protesters became her fan.
Godi medi think that all people are Andhbakat in India, real video with fake audio and information
Ye hai Punjabi culture or ye hai inki tarbiyat. attack in red fort means attack in ours heart.....same on you
Remember your Margaret Thatcher remark.....
Almost All  the Protesters in Delhi are leftist supporters an& cadres. 
Election Stunt ..............Please Dont believe this.............
This is reason why opposition is very important.
American and china  supports taliban to enter afganistan
The illiterate Modi's Hate Gang are the real Anti-Nationals!
Dear Arfa Khanum ji, I am observing your noble contribution to fair journalism. Very proud of your reporting and empathy for the farmers of our country. Regards.
Can I mistake to give the vote bjp ?
Need of the hour..
This shows people of UP  can be fooled with religion.
It means Captain and Amit shah has been planning attack on the farmers leaders ..
Election sae phele toh politician apne baap ka naam change kr dae yae toh fir law tha
if each and every party is protesting against one party then bjp is 1000% right
Farmers do have their own interests, and we want them to have and demand for that.
Modi has blood on his hand.
RIOT- revolution in our time 
According to my information government announces MSP for more than 20 crops but procures directly only rice wheat and pulses
Congress Party is a nuisance Party- no respect for Parliament- India requires a mini revolution to remove anti national elements
I think we need a restart / reboot for every problem in our country.....
Shameless democracy running now.
My family 25 yr agriculture ki sat h but abi bhi ak tractor nki khrid Pai
Bhaut accha hua
FARMERS WANT NOT MINIMUM SUPPORT PRICE. BUT FARMERS WANT MINIMUM SALE PRICE,
No existing laws have changed. Farmers have just been a given an additional alternative as per the new laws and those also have been put on hold. Then what is this protest for ? All Leftist parties are spreading propaganda
So farmers MSP is there not to worry.
This anchor guy looks like Lestrade foprm sherlock series
I don't know what are those morons who gave dislike to this video.
    They must be aware of the facts that they're willing to lead a nation which is not a country alone but a uncommon populations of diversities.
Lol... Opposition Mouths got shut and have no words ... Pagal aurat Modi ji apologized the citizens for repealing the farm laws.... 
Farmers and their Sons at different  borders Delhi and China border!
good for farmers now they can be happy because no reform now they can do sucide under debt
Idiot Shekhar Gupta. Spreads lies and butters up the Congrees
Whenever these Siddhu, Priyanka, Rakesh T and Akhilesh people are seen, it is surely their  agenda and election drama !
*Sorry but I don't respect Sikhs the way I used to do before*
It's actually Captain Amarinder Singh's victory. The kind of discussion that he had with PM and HM, is in itself prove of how wide is his position within BJP. 
Delhi Police backed out from it's own approval
exactly what apple did
The state government should stop the tax from farmers, it is good that the farmers can  trade their goods anywhere, I think the middle man traders need to be stop, while the farmers are working so hard to make every penny and the middle man are taking 10% to 20% of their hard working money of farmers earning, we need to look forward to build a digital farming policy, it would be hard for now but it will give a great opportunity in the future
Great Points; very wise  - hope BJP listens to this.
Sahe hua !! .. yeh toh pta na kaun hai ... Cause farmers never blocks the road nd creates problem ........
Satyameve Jayate.....thank you, Police. These are Far Left, Canada-Funded terror groups who want to defame Indians.
Wait a minute the protest is for farmers and the bill is passed for every state of india but bro only farmers of 2 states are being infront and funny thing Mohit Sharma told iss baar up me inki sarkar nahi aane denge bro 75%seats aa gyi modi ki 
Never until now have I ever felt shame in being American. My heart bleeds for these people that my government has betrayed. God please help us all
Cancel all CAPITAL GAIN TAX in house flats RESALE in Covid19 times ( 2020-2022)
Mam why article 44 is in news ??
these Kisans are shame on the country This is all politics jai hind
Sincirity of Modiji our beloved Priminister can't be doubated. Vested interests who are involved with foreign divisive powers are playing the game of kabbadi.
Unsubscribed from both the emails now by me
THREE IN ONE
WHAT YOUR PARTY DID IN PAST TO REGULATE AGRICULTURE FARM AND YOU FAILED TO PERFORM YOUR DUTY AGAIN AND AGAIN
Yeah nice politics dude. We know Punjabis form a huge chunk of population in Canada.
They stand to lose a lot in future. Their threatening from THEIR foreign places will not work and with the help of an already existing legislation  in force in India, these benamis land will be confiscated by the GOI in future. 
Welcome to new India
How do u add frp n other stuff in benefit of msp to farmer, the govt is strictly talking bout benefit of msp, n they r worried about smaller farmers, n if u really believe NDTV thats sad
3)total farmers getting benefit from MSP are around 15-20 million
Arrogance at its peak
Farji loan application ab rbi ka licence lekar illegal kam kar rahe hai inke illegal call centre aur illegal recovery agent logo ko suicide karne ko majboor kar rahe in muddo par app log apni ankhe kyu mud lete hai Hyderabad ka senior police officer ne inke link Indonesia aur china tak se bataye hai kaha hai ap log ka soya hua media
Wouldn't it be easier to put both the Dakait brothers behind bars instead? So much of time, money and energy would be saved.
Bjp destroyed nations farmers peaceful life.
The value of wheat exported from India amounted to more than 61 million U.S. dollars in the fiscal year 2020. 
@thedeshbakth  I like your videos. Very knowledgeable and true representation of Journalism. Y have  u disabled dislike option? Paranoid????
Farmers need the atmosphere if they produce 50 kg of food grains they can sale 25 to 30 kg for private ( according to govt guidelines) or for govt which if for food security of the society. remaining stock can be sold for different market at the right time for that they need a storage infrastructure and trading platform just like share trading.
Sir please make a video on LoC and LAC
Who will upload the rest video where the protestors first started attacking the Mahinda jeep and the driver got uncouncious by the stone thrown by these protestors...an in this case even any one will just try to self defence and this or worse could take place in protecting himself...fuck off to vadra wo also saying a scrip which matches the edited video...ya BBC who will collect the rest cliping from which this video is uploaded....
Someone should be interviewing these cops who got beaten by public to know how does it feel to be at receiving end.... 
Thanks sir 
We won't tolerate any politics with Indian's . This is the message for all the politicals party's.
Traitors shd be punished
in Delhi last year against Muslims.
Anyways the basic problem still remains, Green Revolution, GM crops & food independance. Farmers grew GM crops and stopped oil seeds & millets for the additional profits it promised.
Really what a liar this is the great reset dont belueve trudeau!
Misguiding explanation with excellent logic.....can you tell me motive of pvt. compan???  Ans is Only profit making...company wahi chij ugane ko kahegi jis se usse profit ho.....all agriculture sector will be destroyed.....read history of east india company.
Godi Media.   You are not journalist. Go and eat faeces not rice/wheat produced by farmers
Mid-day meals for schools is important.
Anna ji did you read the laws ? Progressive law's are repealed and you praise like politician
isme britain ka hath hai, though  not much proof is there but Britain is afraid of India.They have tortured indian's so much they are afraid that Indians will take revenge.Hence they want to destabilise India. Britain is afraid of Modi, and perhaps using the same technique as they were using before, communal riot, hatred.Modi should understand not china but britain is the No1 enemy of India.Britain is a sold country, it has no future.These types of dastardly can only be done by britain. BBC is the most corrupted  news channel.It has challenged the dignity of britain.BBc do u think that that u can divide India ?
How does milk is related to MSP . Misleading ...
Huge support to Farmers 
_Railways may charge Rs 10-Rs 35 user fees (AC higher prices) in fares for using redeveloped stations_
New India started.. we should be divided now because of BJP cheap RSS
thanks sir
 Almost, not a essential & required for daily life but it's a LUXURY for rich .... Learn to leave without & don't surrender these vultures ...
This is people power. Jai hind.
Rakesh tikait teri closing 31March tak ho jayegi 
I guess china & pak are more friendlier with india rather than these farmers 
7:41 please song name ???
People are protesting by walking,they will have to buy new chappals.
Sir you are gold keep it up sir
This is not good. Police ka failed hai .tabi essa hua
Failure has no father
Was great fun to watch. Better late than never. Aise hi dhulai karo in kamino ki. ....... Jai ho Khattar sarkar ki .
I think any law that pass should be voted by people then the government work it from there
Surprised to see funding?
Becoz some #CESS govt exempted to all the farmers... That is not #DIGESTED to these states people.
I am an NRI. How can I contribute and pay for Cut the clutter?
Chor he
Read you religious book try to learn sankrit because according to a study by doctor Zakir Naik 95 percent Quranb and Bhagvat Gita mathches in terms of certain aspects . If you don't believe search in youtube only by title similarity between Hinduism and Islam .
Please cover the rabiya saifi news
Farmers will feel cheated.
Highway kyu rokate ho.... Salo.... This is not the right way to protest.... Inqulab Jindabad 
Idiots finally left. Everyone was fed up of their nuisance.
I fully supported the farm laws why mainly two states have problems with these laws
Thanks, Christina, Video Producer
Reporter is innocent.. Real culprit is owner of zee
This is undoubtedly the best and thorough explanation of the farm bill till date. Thanks a lot Ganesh sir. You made it so simple with past references and described all the loopholes in the process.
Third Rate opposition stunt for the sake of Me Brokers in the name of Fake farmers. Anti-national conspiracies against independence day celebration. Most unwarranted Italian Congress must be kicked out to Italy for the saje of our beloved country and security of the nation. Jai Hind.
....... unfortunately, our IAS officials and some political leaders also who prepare such attractive blueprints of so called reform bills have no idea of poverty, lack of resources, want of education,  want of computer internet technology, lack of logistics & paper/documents works with our Indian farmers, therefore, our Indian farmers ( unlike American farmers) are not at the requisite threshold of managing /marketing of their produce by themselves .... inevitably, under the circumstances our agro-marketting is successful as totally dependent on our Govt agencies ( existing system of Mandikaran);  however, in implemnting the so called new reform bills would be distrous as it will open all possible corrupt avenues for the private traders/middlemenn with all the wealth/perhaps even black money at their disposal who will rob the farmers and thereby kill the nation, because today, the Govt is able to have full control on procurement of the produce, and storage of  the surplus produce and its regulated distribution across the needy population of the country as well as regulating the exports and even free donation to the needy world, .... .... therefore, in India ( Unlike America as an example  discussed above in here) with these new so called reform bills of management of agro-produce it is definitely aimed at welcoming private/middlemen traders to buy and sell the produce which would definitely rob/deprive the farmers of profits and that would kill the nation as well, because our nation India/Bharat is comprised of smaller land holdings but by a huge population of small farmers who do not have the requisite threshhold to enable them to act/become private businessmen in managing/marketting their produce without middlemen ( either Govt agencies or private traders); our agro-marketting is surviving because of an intensive infrastructure  of procurement, storage, distribution in place with setting of price by the Govt, .... farmers feel secure with the Govt agencies in marketing aspects of their produce, while in case of private traders no one could secure our huge populace of small farmers with smaller holdings and small produce at respective individual farmer level .... only God will save the poor farmer and poor India .... as for as GDP is concerned if a major population of a nation ( farmers) are robbed ... then forget about GDP growth curves,called reform system system will be robbed by middlemenn instead; ...... i may be allowed to reemphasize / a repetition of a paragraph above in here, viz : 
Thanks, well explained
1. Reliance bananas increase sugar levels and bp
Nothing to do with RSS India, they are not more than a tail of US and pretend to be a superpower. First defeat the Pakistan than claim the big power.
He explained in simple language. Best way..Thank you very much
 Just one forward Please.
understand that farmers are doing drug factories and more than one drug plantation all over India You have to understand that we forgot with the satellite and saw a lot of ugly things
Shame on you sob hitting the old man
Absolutely good action did by police
Vice : those who attacked US Capitol are terrorists.
how media now truth but hide 
Nice ndtivi Lage rho Bhai
Half-truth
Brilliantly done sir 
Very Very nice reporting sir mashallaha sir 
Shame on him !
By the way what's the catch?  What's in it for you?? ?#KisaanMajdoorEktaZindabad  Waheguru ji Ka Khalsa Waheguru Ji Ki Fateh .
Farmers: for the next one year produce only what you need for your family, nothing extra to sell. We will see these educated city based bhakts who is now supporting attacks against farmers, will come crying for you help.
Police mam bhut achi trah handel kar rhi hai nice
When those unaffected are as outraged as those affected , governments are turned to dust, go fight lions of India
except the water mark
sir please put video on Kaveri , Guntar ,vellar link project of tamilnadu
Essential commodity act se bhr krne ka step acha h bcoz isse Market me hi govt ka intervention kam hoga but govt ko ispe msp jari rkhe Jisse farmer ko loss na ho
So this freedom fighter point also imply to police ? 
- Middlemen will continue to thrive along with the corrupt ones in APMCs
Where is farmer in India? most of them drove out from the field and remains will be left after this bill.
If Government servants are paid salary on the basis of their productive output, then they will surely agitate like the Punjab Farmers. Farmers want secure fixed income which MSP ensures. Land Reforms Act of every State prohibits holding and cultivation of Agricultural Land by Corporate entity. Hence cultivation of staple crops / vegetables / Fruits on economic scale cannot be achieved. Small holding will continue unless co-operative farming is further strengthened and professionally managed.
And here we are in Uzbekistan, simply dreading, they're right behind our borders ((((
Extremely well  explained
Finish 3 black laws
Well explanation..
Bjp chor partti
To understand here is an example. *If Dora & Parivar parties corrupted politicians,+,+,+  are to sell their Grapes  Gobhi, etc worth Rs 500 Crs respectively to traders,  they will remain exempted from Income tax, but they have to quote the PAN of Trader in their ITRs.*
---Annexed Dooars from Bhutan in 2006;
Remove Suhasini Haider ,she's a Jihaadi masquerading as Journalist.
 everything is passed without prober debate.
End of democracy
Ek baar 2022 le Election hojaye, Sarakar uske baad agle Election Tak na kuch sunegi aur na kuch kregi.
Plz Explain the Impact of Farmer's Policy on Indian business
These farmer's are now becoming very egotistical, rude and arrogant also. I myself had experienced their threats to my life, my family and my personal property on 2 separate occasions in Punjab . Farmer's have become what they are opposing 'Tanashah'. If they are getting beaten i think these idiots deserve it now. I don't support them anymore.
Superbly explained, really u are great sir, jai bheem
How dare anyone misbehaves with farmers.
UP    
Supreme Court should take suo motto,
    ... To Be Restored !
That's some next level protest lol
AND also say that anjana om kashyap is EX girlfriend of patra because she always favour to sambit patra in her debate,s
Just  for U.P election repealing 
A major point that youve missed out in your video is the fact that Bihar has already abolished  APMC mandis. Bihar farmers have suffered so badly that theyve had to move to Punjab and Haryana as labours on farms. Private players in Bihar buy 1 kg of cabbage for Rs1. So clearly these laws have been applied and is not beneficial for the farmers. So I guess they arent protesting for the heck of it. Also, the same model has been applied in America and France. Please do read about how the free market has ruined the lives of farmers. Clearly your research is not in place and your points are baseless!!
Now again farmers will sell tamato for 4 rupees. Congrates india we have again proved that we can never develop amd continue to live with colonial mindset.
Sir I have small doubt after 10class  I completed my 3years  diploma and I am pursuing my degree at Br Ambedkar open University is  iam eligible to apply upsc sir  please clarify my doubt
We also supports farmers from AP
Drishti team always greatest..
Thanks for your video
Dear Fascists, this is not that easy as 'Love Jihad' to get away. This will test waters. There's no 'Hindutva' card you can play and get away with. This law is going to cost the party a lot.
Now the Congress vultures run the show picking votes on dead bodies
Lets boycott Canadian products. Its time to teach lesson and hit where it hurts most.
CBI Chief Gujrati
Why using teargas to farmers in a So called democratic country?
First they,oppn also wanted to repeal,now they are repenting for small farmers benefits.
Wow, more than one lack tractors are coming it's historic. Yogendar Yadav jii, you are a great personality you speak very clear and truth. Yes agreed, it's Republic Day which means a day of public. People are coming together, showing their brotherhood, their strengths. A great day we r going to witness.
This video needs to bhe played on a big screen at all the boardes.
Do not imitate them. Your Father knows what your needs are before you ask him. 
Statement 1: each rabi/ kharif crop season the govt of India announces the MSP 
Now U.P is leading
IAM GIVING MY FULL SUPPORT TO FARMERS- JAI SRI RAM
Is baat se saaf ho gaya ke ye economist MSP ke virodh mein hai and private companies ke profit ke liye sochte hai.
3how to direct sale in farmer produce company
Is the objectionable three farm laws brought by Modi government worth their merit, with the continuing opposition by the Indian farmers? And the happenings?
NL more success to you. Your reporters are rock stars. They are setting standards for journalism
Law acche the pr ye India h yaha har law ka durupayog hota h aur hota rhega. In laws m kai loopholes the jiska loss gareeb farmers ko uthana pdta isliye farmers protest kr rhe the agr india corruption free hota to ye laws bahot effective hote pr on grounds ka haal sbko pta h.
umm, do you know how numbers work?
maybe less protesting more farming. Your gonna wanna eat later this year.
What wire does beyond labelling  & spinning narratives.
Taalibaan coming to U next GOOBAR KHOOR get ready with GOBAR AARYA India is biggest terrorist country in the world
Office aur Thane bhi band honge agar sarkar ne kisano ko uthane ki koshish ki..
I really like your videos, but if I may say this, I would have liked more from this video...the political angle- the way the bills were bulldozed and how there were no prior consultations with the farmers. Perhaps adding why the fear of the farmers about the big corporations and contract farming are not unfounded should have been included. Maybe because these are short videos and these are complex topics you could not get into the details but I would have liked more points, maybe about how the various states which did away with the act have fared, etc. this video really did help me in understanding what the laws theoretically aim at or are, but i think it did gross injustice to the practical aspects and also it generalized things a little too much. But otherwise i really like your videos.
Good ...finally this year they will sleep in their confortable home.environment environment instead of on the streets in the cold
Congres wants to convert into something huge, may not be possible. Your young leader running away from leadership of his own party.  Also Modi may bounce back in such a way that u IQ will not be able to predict. Keeping feeling tense about it.
On the Republic Day they  disrespected the flag. What can be more shameful? 
Brave hearts of India, salute to our farmers
Government and godi media dono hare hai.... 
My guess is that Republic TV will now call Modi and Shah Aandolanjeevi.
Think you so much sir for you 
Goverment decided that only low income farmer get benefit of MSP so poor farmer first get benefit of this.
Very knowledgeable
Police attacking protesters is not a "clash". Please stop the disinformation channel 4
Farmers will benifit, but common people will have to spend a lot. govt ll not educate the farmers
*US: New fires erupted in famed Napa-Sonoma wine region, in far Northern Californias Shasta County*
Ar ye to india Pakistan ka border ha 26jan can ve avoided btw
Sir, please make video on Assisted reproductive technology bill.
Why dont you show the goons who have reached the singhu border to attack the farmers? Has your channel also joined the godi media club? Why dont you show the videos of the cops disrespecting the tricolour on 26th January?
How much wants to loot public money? 
I stand with modi I dont care about others I just listen to modi ji.
Modi is the foolish and weakest PM of india.
Problem UP Ka Election Hai Congress Aur Rakesh Tikait Jis Mudde Par Election Ladha Rahe The Us Modi ji Ne Hava Hi Nikali Hai. Ab Thos Mudda Hi Nahi Hai, Krishi Kanoon Kendra Sarkar Ne Vapas Leliye Hai To Sansad Se Bhi Vapas Le Lenge Usme Congress Hyper Hone Ki Kya Baat Hai.
 GodBless all india farmers. Stand up together now please please 
Action on accused is and will be taken only due to the pressure by opposition
11) Big shots of Khalistani funding from Canada identified / exposed / stopped in public domain. 
Wow, really helpful and valuable.pls continue this as it will really help for GD
Oppostion wiyhot lop
Every blame US for what ever cause they want but fact is US was not going to remain there for life time.
The protesters will not leave because the main agenda is not farm laws but removal of Modi and division of India and formation of Khalistan. They have the blessings of Congress party, the Chinese communists, Pakistanis and Khalistanis.
i love your ending look, please bring some more natural face.
Thank you Sir for being so wonderful .
Farmer in my place and western go vacation or picnic at seaside or travel to beautiful place or complete thier pilgrim mission but in india framer picnic in street and wasting time, disturd public peace and freedom.
Ye sarkar Jo h shi h ya galat lekin future mein agar aisa hi hua tb to 370 v hatega protest k through aur CAA/NRC v hatega protest k through. This is very bad that Government couldn't deliver the bill properly.
WELL DONE FARMERS.. 5-10 LAKHS PEOPLE BUT STILL NO REAL FACE OF VIOLENCE, NO LOOTING, NO TORCHING OF VEHICLES, NO EVE TEASING , NOT A SINGLE POLICEMAN KILLED.....
Bjp it cells working over tym
Wish people really understood what this Govt is doing. Blind faith is what is leading to this unrest.Lets keep our India one, do not divide. Let the people of this nation live in peace & harmony.
And also from those other parties, who were formed against Congress but today they are with Congress accepting values of Congress
Even though these laws "May favour" states like Bihar and Uttarpradesh but States like
Who ever did it,should get punishment we jantha demand to Gov't
Simple mechanism is demands on produce & supply to consumer.
They also can't save their lives themselves!
Same on you this type of reporting
Very nice sir..but it  would be more helpful   if you would have thown light on why farmers are protesting..the root causes....and what governments are taking steps to tackle this issue.
Follow Dr Gaurav Garg on Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/drgauravgargstudyiq
Government support always billionaires like Vijay malya, Adani etc.
Dogle aadmi jb wps nhi le rhe thy tb bhi ro rhi thi Congress or ab le liye wps to dukan bnd hoti dekh kr bhi Congress ro rhi h tumhara kuchh nhi ho skta khud k bgl me dekh le phle kitna bhrstachar bhra pda h paper bechne wali govt ke minister
does not look good across the border
Very good and non confused content display by you.
to introduce divisions among people etc..for you knowledge lot of Funds 
Damn that max payne sound track gave me serious nostalgia
Only because of JIO today all the telecom player's are reasonable in there prices.
40% scorer beating 70% scorer , acceptable max till plus2 NEET UG JEE MAIN level and not in PG SS ENTRANCE / jobs / promotions
The whole thing is of new school idea vs old school idea.. both r right and both wrong in own place
Finally truth prevail
I S I   Pakistans powerful protector  it's time for India divide in to small states by him see soon
Show it stupid Dhruv Rathe.
The reporter is saying exactly what Government tried to argue. He is saying that farmers allege but not what other experts are saying. Also the anchor is not doing anything other than bashing Modi.
where is stone ? fake news of bjp channel ....always telling lies
UP   
Your bill is wrong
5. Deregulation of food items? There is no deregulation of any commodity, because there was no regulation of any commodity. Regulation existed only on markets in order that markets facilitate proper weighment, proper price formation process. However despite the APMC regulation, even to this day, farmers are given bili chiti, white slips which are totally not transparent. Even after 55 years of APMC act, farmers are still receiving a very low price share out of the consumer rupee, because of market inefficiencies and market imperfections and several practices such as undercover sales, illegal deductions by merchants, exploitation of farmers in interlocked markets, cartels among merchants  depressing the prices and so on
it's wasn't just a Protest, it goes to show that People don't gaf about someone's Hegemony they're still very well Alive against anything tyrannical.
These were draconian laws bent to damage poor farmers n make companies rich.
Sonal has got cold. Get well soon dear.
Army action needed, really pained.
I request u to plz attach the pdf of any laws that u r discussing in the video so that we can also read it
GOD-SAVE HUMANITY & ALL LIVING BEINGS FROM- TERRORISM & TERRORISTS
This is the most evil govt in the world
*Hit one-china dream*
Stop eating dry fruits.The political class eats a lot of them
Full support with lots prayers 
Protest is no use. Naxalite is the future of India. Support country Naxalite and its government. Naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights.
shout out for the Farmers had a putting food on your table!!!!!
THIS IS NOT LATHYCHARGING POLICE -PALAYANAM.NAME OF LATHYCHARGE. ROAD MAY PANI DALTHA HA.LADIES STONE THROING.POLICE RANNING BACK.
Wajah walea rkhi tu hath sir te chle kle a re mathe srkara nal a
IAS officer value less  harayana
Thaks..  only you told me the truith.. news channels wont say..
This is only the beginning of the end of the rule by evils, of evils for evils.
Sir bhot acha...
It's so easy they catch filed get back 2 road wit there tractor and vehicles
He is also godi religion preacher just like godi media
 govt per year and 1000 crore to punjab commision agents it will stop.
Lekin congress khud nhi chahati ki power me aaye.
Jab tak pappu rahega congress can never win.. priyanka rehne se congress has a chance to win.
Where does Tax money go, does it go to Central gov or state ?
From the time took over the reigns from  former PM Manmohan a Statesman and Economist. Lived up to his capacity as PM. Modi's hands are Bloody. 
And it is interesting to note that on an average India provides $ 48 (= Rs. 3600/-) per farmer as agricultural subsidy annually. Where as America provides $ 7000  ( = Rs. 5,25,000/-) subsidy per farmer. Total subsidy by Indian governments is Rs. 3,20,000 crore (= $ 42 billion). Surprisingly Indian government garners $ 40 billion annually from farm exports. USA provides $ 132 billion (= Rs. 9,63,600 crore) to its farmers annually. USA also gets income from farm exports to the tune of $132 billion annually.USA provides $ 132 billion (= Rs. 9,63,600 crore) to its farmers annually. Value of farm produce in India and the USA are same in dollar terms - $ 130 billions.  By the way let us also know how much other countries subsidize their agriculture. China $ 212 billion, Indonesia: $ 28 billion, Japan: $ 65 billion.
Ye sabhi neutral channel s had shown earlier.
If u cannot do any thing better shut up.evacuate them.Keeping quite will keep them safe.
Oh no!!  Whats this about??
Nothing is as successful as success.....And Modi ji is successful...
3. According to old farm law, states were allowing middle men who were monopolised to which only, farmers can sell their produce. These middle men were enjoying legalised monopoly in such a way that, they are the single possible buyer from farmers in their geographical areas.
Nothing is going good in country yet. 
TV: NDTV only!
His show kapil sharma was sponsored by ambani adani
Ravish chahiy sandip jee
Koi bhi Aahinsha hota to..pehle congress party jati hai...jai ho Rahul Gandhi
Terror he sb kisan  ye news channel wale kh rhe me ni  tum log faltu ho faltu mt likho mind ur language
Without MSP how can farmers believe the contract. I think government wants to remove itself from the agriculture domain. Introducing MSP  and essential products list is not going to hurt anyone. Why is the government hesitating??
- Zee New are worried about cars
Very nice video.. credit to research team and anchor to presenting a knowledgeable video. 
I intuitively knew that this bill is in favour of farmers so didn't watch any videos on this subject but today I came to know that Rakesh Tikait is planning to go to Lucknow and bring instability on our Independence day so I decided to know everything in detail about it and a teacher like you is best to understand such a complex subject from. Now I'm hating Congress even more
A total failure of the government
Hindus should learn how to fight from this incident.. BJP is new Congress no difference
Reason they lost this battle is because they stared riots with Anti Hindu slogans, if they stick to farmers slogan all Indians would support them
No need to make hypes. You don't interfere in other countries. You have no threat. But if its your habit to interfere and oppress week people. Then you are i  trouble.
everyone is happy...with this bugget...who is taiket..
Disappointed........why after so much suffering of common people....if repealing was the only solution??
Who has came here to support farmers 
No support to broker middleman mandi walas
Had no idea these protests were still going on. It could be the longest protest in history. What they should really be protesting is the filthy chemical injection and fake computerized germ test.
Daudher.of.pb
U deserve to be in lock up only. Shameful Mrs.Priyanka. For decades congress ruled this country and crushed end number of such incidents. In which capacity u r blaming PM ???? See your caliber and see where Modi stands now. Modi is a great leader of all times.
Police and govt are absolute disastrous in Haryana
Facilites advnatge naw Subject bmc office safty educatioan news helth please and no of years educatioan facilites naw Subject advnatge please take care issue Subject as per educatioan small requieast to massanger.
Karshakar giveing food for police do not eat police do not forget Indeagandhi died.
India is going down 
Rollback caa-nrc and farmlaw modi ji... Live there life don't interfere in their own life..
If you claim that farm laws are do you think I that farmers are  morons ?
Kick out fake farmers....
If democracy ko bachana then farmers ki support kro sabb
Thanks Siddhant Sir , I Pass out the Supervisor exam in Gujrat ,I learn the  lot of from you and Also  of Study IQ team , So thank ALL of you
I understand these 3 bills are good for the farmers but mostly illeteracy driving them towards dependency on middleman agents. But Central government must boost counciling to farmers and educate them.
BBC is limited to being concubine of nations supporting terrorism
This is incorrect the law says about fall and rise in price. 
Farmers are fighting for middle class families also
Sp rld
This guy is an idiot. No respect for law and order
The Contract Farming should also be done between APMC and Corporates based on the contract they also can ordered the Farmers to crop as per....
There are less videos on civil uprising.plz make more videos on civil uprising.
And few with khalistani mindset wish to break Punjab from India using this opportunity.
Msp is still there n will be there...
Important message for Hindus 
Free job free chanda 45 lakh 
The Taliban have kicked the Wests A$$ for the last 20 years and now are taking over the whole of Afghanistan defeating the resistance
Go back and do your farming so stop protesting
agar foji esh desh ka darkan hay to kisaan esh desh ka dil hay .dil  jinda raha to darkan salegi .so dont involved army in this case government have lot of other reserve force and lot of specialist of politics solve this problem by meeting with them .this lal killa case  is happen only for government failure. if farmer dont need this act then why government forced for this act.
Reet scam dotasra bord leak gang center book nkl out merit join sb fixing pre set,reet ki janch ho, post bdhe, sbhi passed ke re exam ho, nyay exam vaps krane me h, sbhi snvida panchayat sahayak niymit ho, snvida krmiyon ko apply exam joining priority mile , sanjivani aadrsh credit co oprative society me jma dhan rs logo ko vaps jld mile. Lutasra,,,, reet re exam , sbhi passed ke Selective exam vaps ho, sanvida karmik ko priority mile, reet as patarata esi exm me, where is govt? Where is justice?,,,,, reet re exam esi sal Or final exm must need of justice,,Ek exm Or ho esi sal
mostly farmers are fools.
look at what the POOL did in Saskatchewan, until it was dismantled by the same people that are being protested in India now, possibly could learn from our mistakes, while simutaniously keep your livelihoods. good luck my freinds
Yr socho, kitni sharam aati hogi Zee news walo ko apne hi video me comment pad te huye.
Three law repeal
Sanjay singh very good
Khattar should be jailed with his family
Sould be 100 times more dislike to this modi media channel
Ever imagined in Germany, if govt want to support an industry, they pass a law so that the there is only one legalised buyer for all sellers in an area?
EK ANPAD AADMI NE LAKHS OF INTELLIGENT LOGON KO CONTROL KIYA HUA HAI  ?
2. Block road.
You guys rarely understand the plight of the farmers, rarely know about the laws which are pending right now.
BJP has lost its base in Haryana as well. But they will still win in other places by doing Hindu Muslim
It was all planned from the very beginning. And the protest failed horribly.
Sir I am from West Bengal. This kharif season my father cultivated sasemum. But here no MSP . So we sale it to business man below previous year MSP . And this year production is very low due to heavy rainfall.
I request all of you to watch the video of dr. Vikas divyakriti of drishti IAS. That video would be helpful for you all.
God bless you
Bpi aur modi ke chamache hain sale news wale.
Modi ki tapasya (violence)mein kami thi . after elections ye tapasya (kisanon ko samjhane ki police Violence) complete hogi. Ajit Doval's advice to police /IAS officers will subvert civil society including kisan . wait and watch new strategy of preparing IAS/IPS to take punitive actions against civil society including kisan
the time these people spend for the significance of the flawed sytem failing to keep rapid consistency gg
I bet half of these cops are kids of farmers. Such fools and such stupid PM so unfortunate .Maybe we should decide how much modi should get paid and make his livelihood hell and maybe then he will realize how much it hurts.This is all bullshit. People are smart they know what you guys are thinking. Shame on you. The food you will eat for your dinner or lunch is grown by these farmers . Just shame on people you are ignorant towards this.
JOE BIDEN SENT 5000 troops to protect TALIBAN. 
Good show, all though having three leading reporters interview one person is probably inefficient. Also reading newspaper infront of the subject is distracting. Advance research and providing reference during interview should be good enough.
What farmers? Why are you still calling them farmers? This is a anti farmer movement...calling these people farmers is insulting real farmers
THIS IS JUST UPTO 2024 ELECTION .
the people are waking up better give us what we want
"FEW LIVES LOST " Have you gone mad?? Over 900 farmers are killed and for you these are few lives. Shame on this type of reporting.
They are totally stubborn not understanding government project.
Kisan have done ....Greatest work  .... They are the real Heroes...
All police should not touch the food if they carry their job sincerely
Big fan... Of ur presentation..
Priyanka doesn't resemble like Indira Gandhi rather looks like crossdressed Rahul Gandhi
Thankyou  Harshit Bhaiya  so much 
 Victory!    
They tried to malign by claiming khli support,nxl support so that no Body join the righteous agitation,who ever comes forward they use same tactics,anarchy never worksout,yhey themselves give examples ,now look at them.
Whilst this critique looks at how free market could benefit the farmer (and I don't think this was made clear enough, simply assumed) based on Western economic theory. The reality of different types farmers and farming practices as it stands for India was not considered. The free market model has been in practice in the West for a long time but it had NOT made Western farmer better off, furthermore biodiversity has suffered, as has the diversity and  variety of foods that are grown. There are much fewer farmers today than in the past and fewer and fewer people willing to continue farming. There has been a huge loose of heritage crops and therefore foods and therefore culture. The only winners of this model has been big corporations. Old or New model, middle men are inevitable, so better to have local middle men who you can engage with directly than corporate/global one's who don't know you, nore care about you, nore have any channels to engage with you. 
The bills r for Ambani and Adani ...not for farmers...
Dear Primeminister,  you just opened a pandora box and emboldened those (in your term )'ANDOLONJIBI' gang. You send the wrong message to them, now at their will, they will start an agitation to repeal any law which is against their vested interest. You set a bad precedent and dented your strong image. Better prepared yourself to say ' SORRY ' to many more anti-nationals.
Aayenge to YOGI JI hi
Anyone who disrespects Guru Granth Sahib would face the same consequences 
As per your commentary Shekhar ji, the govt reduces duty on oil being imported from a hostile Malaysia as soon as domestic prices go up via market forces. This discourages farmers from growing oil seeds and you expect the farmers to diversify into these crops and dals.  Help the hostile Malaysian farmer but screw your own patriotic farmers. Another Lutyens Delhi dictat like the paddy burning law.
Factrization krty hai issuees ka
Save the Farmers Save the Country Save the Future of Your Children!
Plz support our Greater tipraland
They both are butchers of innocent human beings...and Modi will not dismiss his home minister from UP  who  just follows the instructions given by Modi...
Which people disrespect our national flag, no sympathy for them.
Punjab and Haryana have very good market system for farmers thats why farmers have better income compare to rest of the country.  Indian farmers allowed to sell their produce anywhere in India from many years. Owner of 5 acres in Bihar works as labourer in Punjab. Why ??  Cuz open market system exploits the poor farmers in Bihar and other parts of the country.    Second  law allows unlimited stocking privilege to big corporations  so they can control the price  so farmers also fighting for middle and poor class of the society. Contract farming is already failed in Punjab.
To understand bill also listen to P. Sainath on youtube.. He says Farm Bill is the corporate hijack of India 
Farmers have not been killed by police or in encounter.Old farmers were brought to the border and died due to illness and declared martyrs.
Sir , i feel so blessed to learn something from a great teacher like you . You are the best 
farmers good power show
Comment box is full of godis
SUBSCRIBE to Indiatimes for more updates
The diseases of socialism
Just imagine if all those farmers stop producing food for the country.
I support farmers!! Every sane Indian citizen must stand in solidarity with our farmers!!
real lion of AAP
Pakistan is the main problem terrosrist trainers
I notice it's mainly men climbing up plane I think every other man should give his place to a woman or child.  Get the poor kids out first
Its so heartbreaking and painful to see our farmers suffering .KISSAN MAZDOOR EKTA JINDABAD.
Still bjp through out from india 
Msp is for 24 crops and not 23 but it is announced for only 22 crops
Reliance want to buy directly... So that minimize the middle man..... It never giv farmers a solution.... Instead giving option to Reliance to buy from everywhere...... Opportunitic business
Farmers Protest have Justice, They are fighting for India, But Central government working only for Corporate Business people and working against to Indian Farmers and Common man and LOOTING public money with high taxes and duties..
Please make a video on what farmers are doing wrong and why so many people got against farmers after 26 jan ..
This IAS Officer forgets he is public servant and his salary comes from public taxes and the food that he eats with his family comes from the farmers toils. Shame on a educated IAS officer who talks like a goonda. There are better ways to control crowd.
Full support for farmers  
First of all the main target of my experiences is that we have no need to be fool on this univers.but sorry to say u about that we have to fight against Manuvaadi strategy .in short I have to tell you about that the real truth off my personal experience that all categories who prouds to be  Manuvaadi strategy on a limited number of people on this univers.for example RSS K pimp/Brahma Vishnu mehes, jai Shree ram,jai Mata Di extra extra.thease type of tatey we have to need to distroy immediately
Thank you NDTV for having the guts to show reality  ... Godi Media will never cover this, hope to hear more about this on your channel. .....  BOYCOTT Godi media  ----> Rich and Famous Professional Gang of crooks/liars in suits, discrediting Indian Citizens and suppressing the voice of the ordinary Indians.   Kisan / Majdoor / Democratic Bharat Zindabad! 
Ncert class 11 & 12 per.
Prayer for y'all from America
Feel when he say Justin Trudeau
khatter is full of shit... bjprss ko bhagavo Desh ko bachavo...#kisanektazindabaad
Fake news channel Aaj Tak
this channel is lodu kbhi bhi baith skta hai ab
 Try to convince the farmer or make new bill 
Similarly in cities and metro towns, if govt can make a minimum wage law, so that all the above middle class, rich and ultra rich people can pay atleast minimum wage to their servants, maids, Gardners, labourers, construction labour, street cleaners etc etc then less people will be needing rationing . Let these rich and ultra rich and above middle class people to pay better wages to their servants for the services. 
Do u all know, govt. Openly requested farmers to come and discuss, which line in farm law they think is bad, govt will remove it.
What about farmers protest?   U beat them up so badly..you forgot about that   ?  Answer indo patel's.
      ABP  TRP                                         
7. All corrupt subsidies are converted into direct bank transfers/production linked incentives and liquidity control via Kisan Credit Cards and cash credit accounts.
India should have supported the USA a lot more, now if the taliban annex Pakistan guess whos on the Indian border
The one dead farmer killed himself by driving the tractor at high speed into a barricade and the tractor toppling on top of him. What your headline seemed to miss was the numbers of Indian police men and women who died as a result of the protestors actions. The protesters were protesting against the addition of an option to sell their crops by themselves, without middlemen eating into their profits. This riot was backed by non-else than Greta Thunberg who was involved in producing and releasing a google toolkit outlining the incidents on these dates, inciting these people to do what they did! Environmental Greta backed those who destroy Indias environment by stubble burning, use pesticides prolifically making that area the cancer capital of India and whose indiscriminate use of fertiliser has polluted the water table. Well done Greta!
It is impossible to established and maintain peace without a democratic constitution.
Another jumla of modi govt. , no doubling of farmers income.it will only double when swaminathan commission reports are implemented and msp is legalised.Today around 90 percent crop produces are sold in open markets to private players much less than msp.only corporates income is doubled.
We need peace
        ?     (Mandi traders mostly those in Punjab & Haryana and brokers)     ,              ?
This is not just for india this is good for whole World.
the channel "The Hindu" like the newspaper still continues to spread misinformation & hatred;
Govt have to be a participant and a moderater on such sector according to the social need. 
 The first lot of Nano cars is expected to come out of the Singur factory by October. On Tuesday, West Bengal's industry minister Nirupam Sen said the first batch of Nano would roll out as scheduled before the Durga Puja.
Pre planned lathi charge  tha... kuch control NAHI kiya
Good news, God bless MP modi   happy for the farmers
I just want to slap the first cop .
    Nepal Security force in Jun of 2020;
Leave politics see who actually hit that farmer..
Proper guidance to farmers and Rural youth is the need of the hour so that self employment opportunities can be created through these new ACTs.
Wait!! What??!! Wasn't Pakistan the main cheerleader for the Taliban? Oh well, they both are adherrents of the pieceful religion. Now they will tear esch other to pieces. My fear though is that a humiliated, nuclear armed Pakistan might just be tempted to use such arms to save face.
AND NO POLITICAL PARTY HAS ANY SYMPATHY FOR COMMON MAN.
Farmers 
The government had guaranteed minimum price ,but Punjab farmers didn't want to hear it.They are fake farmer's protest to bring down the government, supported by khalistanis who are anti India
all those who opposed then within their govt like Lal Bahudhur shastri 
I just spoke to my grandfather who happens to be a farmer, the 83 year old said that these bills are useful. I don't why Congress is opposing, they were about to do the same if they can.
Because IPS IAS is for the people.
Any how do not vote again to BJP
Now, U can understand the bonding between businessmen & Government...
Supreme court of India is sleeping????covid rules are not applicable here.
Thanks for the information.
Rakesh jee give up Kisha leader ship and join political party although you are indirectly involved and you not success in you pseudopolticis
Thanks team drishti
Arnab please question the preposterous judgement of our modi ji. How can he do this! These farmers are terrorist, he is negotiating with terrorist. He should must encourage encounters of these people.! Arnab please Arbab, please do this!
All hail farmers 
Chay ke Sath desh ko bech do 
Uneducated people will not understand budget like mamata cm of Bengal ...gunda party TMC
You love him or hate him,
When the discussion is on only MSP, then why are they asking to repeal the laws ?
Great journalism, Vice! Wasted 10 mins of my time and still have NO idea what the law is about and WHY these Sikh farmers are against it and are protesting. Can you explain???
These are not farmers. These are greedy middlemen whose livelihood of exploitation is being taken away by these farm laws.
Proud to be farmer
not balance speaking
Nation wide protest lol  no one supporting this fake protest
These warehouse owner will make farmers wait until they crush buying price and then they will wait until they sky high the selling price!!
unbiased. 
Need support to farmer
Panjab me election hai n
Only for UP elections
KALKA SHIMLA HIGHWAY BLOCKED DUE TO FARMER PROTEST...WHAT ABOUT THE SAFETY OF WOMAN..THOSE ARE MIDDLE OF THE Highway...WHY MEDIA NOT COVERING IT...
Very sensible talk with real facts of ground reality. 
Today typical example to supress people voice just like communalism in China 
Hum jeet gye samdish bhai
28 September is correct answer
No farmer No food No future
Even across the world..I am sharing requezting everyone too
I could see farmers having hesitant bevause of past politicans and laws . But it is duty of intellectual class and media to be responsible . I remember when indira gandhi had a bill to control population we had similar phobia being by the opposition and media that she is killing and had to rollback due to pressures . Now seeing the same misinformation and Anger of Other issues encouraged and misinformed farmers that reform will end they , i cohld be agree these laws are not perfect but were surely not "Black" or intented to harm farmers , no political party in india has the intention to "Harm" farmers . Not to mention some farm leaders are finding new excuses to protest . If this cycle of protests continue , remember BJP can also (they did the same in bengal) block roads and politcnans to affects administration . I'm surprised supreme court is quite in pathetic law and order situation .
100% support from all the UK and USA and Canada Sikhs
Only USA, of the four corners of the world. The purple flag from a far off (red, white, blue) close (after) the 1600 travel. Demons were all ready everywhere. Material was dug up one time. All on (NYSE)
This is gift for farmer by government
Please resign u 
Low milk prices.. so lets waist fule put wear and tare on farm equipment and waist hay or straw. I get it protesting but i see a big waist of money. Wish i had that money to waist.
This is a 2 year old video , scenario is different now
shows the reality
Haryana government should be ashamed of themselves.
Sir this is the last time... No one will ever forget what happing right now.... This will cost bjp pary... In 2024 and so on...
UNO PLEASE HELP TO INDIAN FARMERS 
Thank you once again. I appreciate once again that you FINALLY highlighted the REAL issues on/in this land of my beloved Canada.
Kisaan regiment.... History dekh liya hai... Ek or history bni h...
I don't know how to express my gratitude. Always with them... The great warriors.. FARMERS. Remembering all the heroes who sacrificed themselves... More than 100 lost their life. These leaders may not see all those but the God will definitely punish the culprits.
I think the ayes have it , ayes have is also written on the paper of the Chair. :D
The 3 bills were presented in the parliament
We support modi ji...his move is always meaningful ...we will wait watch next step...
Rakesh tikat is just another expension of bjp
India is a Nazi State, so glad we left
Right 
What is the demand of these farmers?? Pehle yeh toh batao... bekar me time waste kar diya
i think  we are experiencing that irl
We need a strong non-gandhi opposition leader. No one will vote for these timepass leaders
Super Information
i am with farmers 
Mam your eassy is very useful but mam introduction se leker conclusion tk bnate to accha rhta
I stand on farmers...Resignation is the small punishment
exactly Sanjay Uncle ye pehle aapda create krte hn 
Why is that Government Of India wants to bring in the new act through central government only? Why not act be pass through systematic assurances by every state government? So that farmers have laws with their betterment that they have relied so far?
1. An all India agri organisation be formed to formulate policies for farming, collection of yields, stocking of yields and distributing to consumers. 
How to get pdf for this lecture
1) please keep the pace of your videos a bit slow. Let us take our time.
Bsf ke bharose baithe ho?? 
Cancel culture in farming now. Stand strong  my  brothers
In India do farmers reside only in Punjab and Haryana. Rest of the Indian farmers want these laws. Rakesh Tixkait represents the middlemen farmers. Rakesh Ticket has proved that he is anti farmers. He doesn't want any reforms in the life of farmers so that he gets his share as cut and poor farmers reach the hell
Where is Dalal media
IF 60 CRORES MEMBERS OF FARMERS ARE HAPPY GOVERNMENT WILL BE HAPPY,
You are coward arnab
Farm Law Cancelled.
Thanks a lot, Sir!
why farmers are protesting this ?? plzz explain me
year 2030, a failed state- drugs, no clean underground water, *Soon-Father John managing Golden Temple* & their greatest asset  -Terrorist. Renewable Energy - Punjab 20%, Tamil Nadu 50%
Palekar in, Swaminathan out. 
Sir we are young generation of india, we are dying due to all of this nasty politics... Our future is in very danger. Sir do something for us.
All indian humens are with farmer 
It was illegal, Supreme Court could have quashed it , SC had stayed and also given hint !
Aaj tak chennal leave now
You can't give jio as an example, it did way toomuch good to the people. Aaj aapka video ithna sastha mein dekro tho wo jio ka wajha se hi hain.
Wow good batting by police helmet also nice BUT remember police we are n u alive bcoz of Farmer producing Food, vegetables. From 2day u don't buy any food only have salary.
Mam who is gone tell about hoarding bill  ? Hoarding is also made legal ... In these law who will tell that....
Murkh pm modi maafi mange janta se demonetization, farm protest, CAA NRC protest me mare gye logo se. Ladakh me china baitha h modi sb changa bol rha h
Mr Gupta is telling street violence is everything in essence.
The history will remember them and look back at this glorious unity support farmers
Thank you sooooo much sir...for th clear explanation..i really really like your teaching...God blesss
So call farmer KHALISTAN Lader say with attack in RED FORT this planning BJP gov so with attack in  America  11.9.2001 19 years go that planning BUSH gov      so funny 
Great lecture by best teacher 
The other name for  Politics is , 
Now its no more about the problems and issues now this whole situation is changing to politics and religion.. And no one in this whole world can go against religious sentiments of the masses..
Funniest remark he said, media was friendly. Friendly to to whom government only.
Sath mein choro k mouthpiece
Sikhs live matters! Stop the Modi's administration atrocity against the Sikh people!
That's stupid. Poor farmers in Punjab didn't understand the benefits. Oh well democracy wins. Will of the people.
Police getting taste of their own medicine
Please do some selected topics for descriptive questions in tisspat    hope you will do videos on that or else pls give top news that can expect in tisspat descriptive question
Ache bill ko kese kachra kia jata h wo govt se sikhe ... Bill ko one by one krk introduce Krna tha ... Farmer and market k bich me ek infrastructure bnana tha ..
we have many companies in India .. 
The people who are still supporting the farmers are fools.
none of these protesters are farmers. these are paid goondas.
Sadkon pr kile thoke gye the.
shameless media
i didn't believe modi retreated from farm laws. the laws were a necessity , i hope somehow we could have defeated the goons like dakait and taken the national interest. Private sector would have done wonders , sad.
AJAY MISHRA TENI KA ISTIFA HOGA JAROOR LEKIN SABOOTO KI AISI  TAISI KARNE  KE BAAD TAKI ASHISH COURT SE CHHOOT JAYE.
Humbleness punjabis are the same 
I think who hit the police man not a kasan, he doing against kasan agitation.
NRC ka upcoming protest  en tractors ka pichhe ane wala hai pura desh me..
More than 600 farmers died and the government didn't honor any of them.
Making MSP as law , any procurement either govt or private player , purchase BID should start from MSP for low quality to ensure Farmer gets cost covered, anything better quality let leave to farmer and purchaser to decide on BID 
Those protesting will not have nothing to protest about. They will have to search for a new agenda
Of the people
U r a great teacher air always giving valuable
Thanks so much sir, pls aap is trah ke topic share kar diyo karo ssb interview ke liye
Scheduled caste lg rha h ye police wala
Best Explanation ma'am. Thank you.
Deep Sidhu and lakaha sidhana was right becoz when protest was started they both were with farmer no committee was with them . But now defamed  all are them on one basis . I am from Punjab so i know well becoz i see directly . when farmer was on Haryana border no committee was their they and their fews friends help to cross haranya border so i don't think was wrong plz see pervious  news carefully 
Excellent way of explaining
India ranks one of the lowest in freedom of press
This is very bad . Due to some fundamentalists, we should not blame whole community. I am also proud Hindu. But i respect other religions too. Police is doing fantastic job. Caught fundamentalists can even go to gallows. Who the hell is these people to beat anybody, for somebody else's mistake. This is utter nonsense. Law of land will take care of terrorists and fundamentalists. But should not blame whole of community. R we so duffer? Even educated ones r acting like goons. India's image is at stake internationally
I wish God to put an end to NDTV on priority
So pleased and happy for our farmers. God be with you always.
It is therefore better to look foolish now and smile later, than be foolhardy now and frown later.
Than they fight you 
Thanks a lot for that kind words for Punjab and Punjabi and Sikh religion.
Shame for you zee channel 
Rally to the embassy breaking car windshields and not paying for them along the way!
Only few tractors ??
As long as there is nothing illegal or immoral, not only for Farmers, but for all other groups of people, let them choose and decide what kind of system they feel can help them. Later along the way, they can always re-adjust as they progress.
Farmers are not God ! 
Farmers Inviting China's corona
Cheap publicity to win UP elections. More than 600 farmers have lost their lives. The Parliamentaey process and procedure of passing bills into laws has been made a mockery of. It is too late now. What about the second wave Covid dead. Any proposal to being them back ?????? Doesn't matter, go back you will, back to where you came from, both in 2022 as well as in 2024 !!!!!!! Once bitten, twice shy, the genetic design stays the same !!!
Democratic Blow from an iron fist to the fascist.. jai hind
Farmers are the backbone of the country , keep going and no one can stop you for your rights , the three farm laws of modi and bjp should be repeals , otherwise protesting will be never end, even after the death of modi ,another Bhagat Singh will arise from Punjab , to repeals the farm laws of modi .
Yes, do make a video on green revolution as well. It'll help in many aspects. Very informative video, as always. Great content.
Good initiative.
Your knowledge on this topic is terrible, akalis are already winking at bjp. They cant go with them openly but behind the curtains anything is possible
This is the power of emotional intelligence 
But look at the media using words Dalit sikh.
Priyanka gandhi should have security guards against all this pathetic sold cops its very painful to watch the freedom fighter  grand daughter treated so badly  draged on not once but now they have made this normal all these copes uniform should be taken away these illigal cops should  immediately be terminated from their jobs very unethical and seriously very painful to see a true  political leaders treated so badly
if I understand this correctly, it's because of how well you explain complicated/abstract concepts, so thank you!  
Yeh chote kisano ko akal ni ! Bade kisan are exploiting them .. dumb people .. they didnt understand the bill well !
Love your work 
The measure of security is well and good and it will be better to do the same at China and Pakistan border!
COVID FAKE WAKE UP
Why would Farmers protest against their own freedom??
survival is supreme in any game,
if modi wants to change india, he should have made laws on bank frauders, corrupt polticians. shame on him
Bas..rd..
We the people with bade bujurgon ka aashirvad
Quite shocking.  IAS fellow openly talking like dictator/BRITISH.
I voted for Modi in the 2014 General Election. I am ashamed for having voted for him. Modi killed people during demonetisation, the Covid he did not feed the poor who were jobless when the central Government had all the money collected from the Citizens of India on Petrol& Diesel. 
In short unless farming is declared industry, the much awaited benefits will be a distant dream.
RIP cod Bipin Rawat 
love from assam 
3:04 what happen if crop is destroyed by some reson .
we'll take our freedom n make india peaceful again 
Very helping
Even his own Party men don't listen to him.
Imran Khan is a terrorist leader and should be prosecuted in an international court as such. If he won't surrender he should be brought to justice through any means necessary, including an airstrike.
This moment proud to be an true reporter thank you so much sir 
Armchair analysis is not required.
#istandwithfarmers
4. Biggest change in new bill is that, any farmer can now sell anything to any buyer. Legalised *monopoly cannot stand* according to new bill.
Tears in my eyes...well done punjabi tigers hr up heroes also jai hind
This is the beauty of India....where we can protest peacefully...Bharat Mata JI ....
Heavy Cheque to Anurag Bhadoria of SP today for such a dramatic barking shameless bootlicker chor lucha must not be given a platform waste of viewers time
#WeStandWithFarmers
Middle man is big profit cutter of famers.
Sach to ye hai ..sudhare to aap bhi nhi ho..tor mor kr .. BJP virodhi bolna hai..
Certain credit should be given to the present judiciary.
Wow very good very nice abhi tu party shuro hue hai india walo 
A*THUGWARNING-INDIAWHAT PEOPLE ARE THESE
When she says shaheed hue hai thats feel here
The Reporter  
Hi sir pls make videos on schemes and subsidies related to agriculture
Shah should go back to Iran.Modi should join a college and persue his graduation.lets educated farmers rule India.
It's because of hatred towards all the minority communities and backward section of the society. They continue to divide the nation.
Full support to Farmers ! BJP should show atleast some remorse . Repeal all the disputed farm bills and apologize to farmers and the people of this nation !
After the war, it leaves no spoils for the winner. India's enemies have found a less costly and effective means of overthrowing the government, disintegrating the country, and take full control of its economy.
People can negotiate bad policies of Govt during the state legislative elections.
Aise news updates bolte Ho pagal media
if follow these tips ...can grow fast
We are only short of a civil war now. BJP is bringing the demise of an entire nation. One mans greed Vs the future of 1.3 billion people.
SABKO EK DIN YHI SMA JANA HAI.
Could you please explain the reasons why farmers are protesting in another video
                 .... The nation who abuses its farmers has a very bleak future
What w
Lathi charge
E tho hitlar komovad government
Huge salute to ndtv channel for covering this such an important topic and staying out of the crowd 
Broker show case protest
Such a sad situation india is in.  atleast it won't be called Modi's fault, he did everything in his power.
Please gentleman explain about article 245 of Indian Constitution
I don't know how ur family feel about u after watching being a part of godi media I am sure they are very ashamed
It is clearly visible they have no confidence in himself,and even they don't have clear orders and thoughts about arresting ministers and Mrs. Priyanka Gandhi vadra.
I think 156 comments will not support farmers 
we want SAMDHISH SIR back !!
Hope in future govt passes laws only after consulting with the people and considering their views   as should be in democracies so that agitations and loss of lives etc are avoided
Very well explained sir. I want one clarification that as you talking about the clarification in each law , is this written in the act or simply said by the government?
Germany did something similar
Now Traffic can run in normal way
Thankyou so much ...   this video helps to understand
These laws aren't going to be repealed ,sit wherever you want.
Bjp murdabad.  Chor modi red to resign his post
Should be - Recognised,Invalidated?
Is it a wise decision of Modi government? Whatever laws he is bringing to this country but there are  casualties. Innocent lives are lost,  wealth of the ordinary people are lost, unrest everywhere, why? Why? Bcoz he is unfit for the job and if bhakts want him please build a temple and worship him we the common people of India have no objection. Let a man with heart become the pm of this country. One may be proud of 56 chest but that is empty there is no heart of the size of an ant.
The current Afghan government is a puppet fostered by the United States. Even if the US and Australian soldiers kill Afghan children, this puppet government dare not speak out. This is why the Afghan people support the Afghan Taliban. The puppet government must be overthrown by the Taliban.
It's note democracy 
The public doesn't like to see you because you don't show the truth!First you make your image good among the public then go to the farmer to report.
Who will pay lost of many life.... No more bjp...
Farmers are fearing that Agriculture  also has been privatised. Who is great in this country. People or people elect law makers.  If it is good and flawless why do you need promotion? what will the voiceless people of this country do now?
Feel victory from Bangladesh...
Thanks GOD i was not born in Afghanistan
i saw so much video but this video cleared my all doubts
Opposition leader think farmers are brainless
Yaad rakhlo army ke pas tank h fir to
But Indian national media is spreading fake news against farmer. Corruption. We respect the sikh
I am afraid that militancy in Kashmir doesn't get a cue from it and indulges into more barbaric act in order to destabilize JnK...
It is also pakistani channel 
Fighting for own rights is RIGHT I SUPPORT FARMERS
Cheap mindset.... Still they think Getting arrested before elections will  get sympathy
It is not a kissan andalon it is anti andolan.
The only solution is to repeal the three farm law.
These so called farmers have self exposed them. Jai hind
Please change your microphone !!
BBC go to hell 
Indian government must listen to farmers and ensure justice. What's going on is surely against democracy.
I blame the Supreme Court of India for being useless, as usual. Whenever an election is about to happen, the Opposition parties start murdering people.
Farmers are in distress bcoz increased social exp and exp  on inputs ( weedicide, use of combined harvesters even in Soyben, Mung Or machineries in aril operations, etc.) 
Don't blame farmers...I m reporting this channel
Dr. V.Paul sherma
Congress       
BJP RSS GOVERNMENT played politics over 700+ shaheed farmers and their families for whom Modi government is the government which destroyed their lives. This could have been done so much sooner and saved hundreds of farmers.
Good video.  Keep it up.  For a better understanding of this problem , please watch the video below:
3. Refined oil has zero nutrition.
Taliban style of government, using brutal force to silence citizens.
It is so easy for Modi to say  on a fine  morning that he is repealing the Farm Laws.  But  Modi needed one year to understand this issue   700 lives have been lost to make him realise this blunder. Because of his ruthless adamancy he has been branded as an icon  of autocracy all over the world.  Adani and Ambani  must have felt frustrated !
Is it bad to remove MSP in our country as population employed in agri sector is high
This *tactical pull back* is better than mindless hubris. 
Kya ye shi hai nsso ab jo records phle deti thi wo nhi degi ?
BBC Hippocrates hai, Tum haramzadon sab jhooth Bolte Ho
So I am very impressed ...
Chahe bolo indian army main
Report this channel
The JihadiLeftist Organisations had been BEFOOLING FARMERS in villages to join the protests & when the LIES about new farm bills did not stick, the leftists tried to enlist them for the protests by citing Sikhism & Guru Govind Singh.
Bjp or congress onlye monye game no one importent cuntry real hero army and kissan
India needs a better government who can think for the interest of Indian farmers and youth.
Loopholes - in long run private mandis may overrun the govt. mandis and govt. mandis may end as a result farmers will have no choice but to sell their crops to private mandis which may provide low price for their crops.
Sir, what were you trying to achieve by bringing this bevda on your respectable channel? You did informative and respectful videos with others on the same subject. This person is a hyperbole and has only one side and then gets abusive and crazy to the extreme. Pata nahi kya aanand milta hai
Please include timestam.
Today , farmers win ,, government   agreed on all demands . Thank you
Isn't too much democracy ? 
May all the evil forces get revealed 
Some economists say that only 6% of the farmers benefit from the MSP. What they hide is the fact that these 6% farmers produce 90% of the foodgrains. This is a figure that dates back to 2013. The situation today is very different, and a more realistic, recent data is that about 35% farmers have started using the MSP facility. In any case, these figures have many caveats and errors. One can  keep digging, and soon begin to see a maze of questions and puzzles. But the question is: how these figures, of 6% or 35%,  justify into the decision of scrapping the MSP? 
YEH EKK CHOOR HAI BAHARI TAQATO SE PAISA LEKAR APNEY DESH KO TOOD RAHA HAI KOI PARTY SE PAISA TOH LIYA HAI JAROOR
So the government screwed up. They had a good rationale but instead of consulting they pushed the reforms and when somebody protested they started calling them anti national and causing lasting damage. Perfect recipe for destroying a good thing, if that is what  the farm bills are. Can't think of a more dumb execution
Evary one read farmers law clouse clouse then deside.  Not.   Be a Political tool......
All Pakistanis stand with the Sikhs
Cant understand This English
Modi has lost to the farmers. Period 
So called farmers lost the public trust   
Its paying it real and am a witness to the hack transfers of 
take away from you.
Who gets loans : Only corporates who have overflood six IPOs on stock markets even during lockdown with loan levearage at 6-8% interest for a week of IPO blocking from brokers ( all banks of RBI have given through Karvy and CAMS ) for billionaires and rich dalals in ratio 2 : 98. These loans are not available for farmers on streets who are anticipating annihilation and sucides. Moreover corporates have already taken over organics: 
If this is not true then how come 40 out of 32 unions are from Punjab? Isn't it a punjabi ANDOLAN because from 1966 they were getting profit of msp.
Only NDTV I showing everything doesn't matter negative or positive it shows everything unlike Modi success who only show things which are good for bjp
The butcher of Gujarat does  not understand what is the need of the Indians, he enjoys to see the suffering of the Indian People.
If tomorrow say, global trade and import came to a stand still, as it stands, India would be able to feed itself without compromising its full variety and diversity of diet, I doubt that would be the case for any other country that has fully embraced free markets. 
INDIA  IS  GONE  FOR DOGS  INDIA  IS  NOT  BETTER  THAN  PAKISTAN   WE HAVE NO RIGHT  TO  CONDEMN  OR BLAME  PAKISTAN  FOR ANY REASON  ONE THING I SEEN IN MY LIFE  HINDUS  MUSLIMS  SIKHS  COMMUNIST  ETC ETC COUNTRIES  ARE WORSE COUNTRIES  THATS WHY THEY  ALL MIGRATE  TO CHRISTIAN  COUNTRIES
Best news channel in India
Finally the arrogance has been shattered by the determination of the farmers.
Joke of the year in new budget.- rozgar ki sambhavnaye hongi..
 Thus they are undoubtedly empowered and uplifted which caused shift of the focal from them to other states who are in dire need of support from both government and industries and that is what this act is envisaged to do.
Ajit Anjum became history too
*Even India's own Allies are spitting at India's face.*
         , , ,      ,      ,      , strength in unity       
I sincerely pray that the struggle of the farmers will be a great success and that they will reach the level they want
Modi Criminal is an employe of Ambani and Adani...
govt has bring laws againts farmers 
Music gives sooo much positive energy 
Everyone knows the bill is for jio Mart.... please don't purchase anything from it...we have to give them a strong resistance
Modi wants Bharat to be a Hindu Estate: So let it be. Let Khalistan come into being, let Kashmir come into being , let Asam come into being; and let Nagaland come into being: What is left over is Modi's Hindu Veresh: Enjoy. What is the problem with that. Modi is a Pakistani Agent: He has more sympathy with the late mother of Nawaz Sharif than those 140 Farmers died because of the severe weather sitting in the Andolan. Shame of this type of treatment. Farmers are Andata, they are not Atanwad: But Modi has treated them as terrorist. Modi must be removed from the power and must be trialed to get a sentence of death or let Bharat be divided into 5 parts. That is the end of this RSS Terrorist hijacked Bharat and created a situation of hatred and marginalization: against the policies of Nahro, and Ghandi. This is the start of the movement of Khalistan. Now it is out of control. Jai Kisan; Jai Jawan: Jai Khalistan: is what I have been hearing from the participents of this rally.
So then, shd Modi just wait for 50 years for reforms? Else donot do anything. Now atleast he can sleep peacefully that he tried...
	Ministry of Earth Sciences
This is so heart breaking! 
Good morning NDTV news 
What if the agreement settled on low rate and then price get hiked.
Explanation seems complicated..
Ismail JT 
Is it happened in India ? Where is Ramrajya?..RSS Bhaktas are very dangerous to humanity...once upon i am proud of India which is peaceful than Many countries..but in BJP rule this trust has destroyed... People of India need to learn from this..we must throw BJP and congress ...Must support regional parties from every states...they only atleast think about us some how.. 
farmers always get their rights   in whole world.  what's happening to India.
Sharad Pawar's daughter Supriya Sule in Maharashtra showed agricultural income of Rs 10,000 crore.
Same on such farners
    always delever thing / fact very easily ....            travel   ..3 hr         ...         ..                          ..i think it's not me only the person who use to listen you every body may feel like that...Thank you so much sir
While I may dislike the big corporate ag impact, this is such a bias report. It doesn't address both sides, it slams capitalism which has not tied to this and even makes it all about Muslims? And trump? Huh? Oh yeah Al Jazeera. Never mind.
Pakistan ist Father for Taliban
Another one sided story.
End was perfect 
I'm very very miss you BB
AGAR HUMBE GENERAL DIER KE POLICE WALO AUR UNKI FAMILIES KA BYCOT KIYA HOTA   AAJ YE TAALIBANI POLICEWALE LATHI CHARGE NA KARTEY. AAJ SE NOTE KARO AISE POLICEWALO KA PUBLICALY BYCOT KAREN. UN DOCTORS KA BHEE YAHEE KARO. SARKARI LEADER TAALIBANEE HO SAKTE HAI PAR HAMATE SARKAREE KARAMCHAAREE NA HO
Can u tell how many states are present in South India
The protesters should capture the son of minister or capture the escaping video.instead focusing anger turned into violence,this let the bjp fascist criminal escape.
This is only for assembly elections!
Maharishi Valmiki was a dacoit before he attained realization - in that case we should ban Valmiki's Ramayana because he was a highway robber in the past and killed with impunity. Past doesn't matter if the present step is taken towards truth!
In the words of our legendary Raju Bhaiyya "50 Rupya kaat overacting ka" :v
this man who is an anarchist and is creating severe law and order problem at the behest of Congress should be
#indiawiilbesuperpower for sure
This man has clearly said that he does not care if farmers die on the street because they would have died at home too. First, this makes no sense and secondly, what is he trying to justify  dam you dumb asf
ABP = Anti Bharat Patrakaars' News Channel
If the main issue is providing MSPs to rice n wheat that resulted in the market surplus why don't the govt assure MSPs and increasing procurement more of other produce like Vegetables, oilseeds, pulses etc so that the farmers won't be exploitated at the hands of corporate morons?
..like land bill was repealed..but some amendments  were done later and now land acquisition is happening just the way modi wanted but in another way..I am sure he has something in mind regarding this also...farm laws will be implemented but in a different way
stall 7pc salary to 6pc salary level for coming 3 yrs at least
          knowledge
No scared in the corona they lie no law rath
Its such a nice explaining... why do people dislike
I have not seen time of independence, but m sure I have witnessed similar enthusiasm here,.If people start helping each other and serving their community, they don't even need a leader or any governance #lovemyindia
Shame on paid media
I haven't seen such a great tutor
Such superficial presentation.  You should be ashamed of this
thanks you sir watching good news all Indian people
Farmers died in accident and then the BJP people were lynched and murdered. 
Salute Padmaja Joshi for your line of questions to SP spokesperson and the process you adopted. 
This gold standard of fake news and manipulation..
Great analysis Sir
Modi sar ki kuche bate bohut acha he a loge somjhe nehin parehen
I support all the farmer's demands except no.4
Hats off to your teaching style...
It is not the loss of famers it is the loss of India
I come from an India where hundreds of thousands of people of minorities have been killed in political riots in the name of religion....
Is he farm leader?
We need part 2
Cacp(commission of agriculture cost price )chairman vijay paul Sharma
The problem is with us the consumers also when we want to eat an apple which looks perfect  of the same size, earth doesn't grow produce like this ..when all of us are of different sizes  why we expect our vegetables be any different ??
   A. punjab state governments who charge 3% cess for district 
Just before elections this so called farmers moved to Haryana. Wow.
These are indian police Shameful
This decision and announcement should not be like this way.
2.have to follow pre decided route
Very good action by police. 
Behave yourself please. Be neutral
Many other things to highlight! How farmers could believe the ruling party what is the guaranty that capitalists will support them, PM itself make statements before elections now he also forget that! Have some shame! Support ruling party directly
Boycott Zee News
5) Contract farming system(though is could lead to exploitation of farmers by big companies) is relevant for farmers who own large land but what about the farmers who own small lands.
Now thar my favourite 
This is also occurred in Sylhet region where the Taluqdars/mirasdars used Nankar system (food tax) with farmers. It was called Nankar rebellion in 1950 and eventually the practice was abolished by the Pakistan government then.
All paid leaders of Ardthiyas are befooling the poor farmers. They are paid workers of Ardthiyas and will be properly handled by these poor farmers in coming days. Ardthiyas have earned more than Rs.1000 crore as commission charges in Punjab & Hary. This amount could have been earned by Farmers but ignorance or Milibhagat of SKM it was not demanded. This is Ist indication that Tikait & Kuhar, etc are paid leaders and they call Ardthiyas as service provider. Farmers are not getting prices in Mandi bcoz of Cartel of  Commssion agent/ Ardthiyas. Tikait is insisting trading only in Mandis that is 2nd indication of Milibhagat. SKM is not insisting the MSP should be base price in aution at Mandi. SKM is not taking real issue of farmers. Such as - Maximum Large farmers (> 10 ha) and Medium Farmers(More than 2 Ha) are in Rajasthan. (43% large farmer and 28% medium farmer of the country). These farmers live in W. Rajasthan and their income is < than 2 acre of irrigated areas. They never get benefit of Loan Waiver(criteria is < 5 Kila or Acre or 2 ha) and EBC reservation. How Adani and Amabni will harm these farmers as they dont have production.  KCC limit, interest subvention, crop insurance, farmers definition, power connection, unemployment in rural youth, stray animals, etc so many issues are there. Tikait is saying KCC is bad. You know his ignorance and foolishness.
Thats nothing compared to what happened in the US capitol on January 6th
Good morning sir an
Ha ha thik h thik hai OK done!
*The proverbial 'ghee' has now been taken away from the fires that were being stoked.*
We don't need any boarders
No reason
Thanx sir 
First stop farmer suicide, mr.modi. then you think of increasing income......
As always drishti rock in all needy things..
Forget about everything just think with open heart we humans get surrounded by certain ego even just after getting a white-collar job. God this man is the prime minister of India and he is apologising with that great of feelings in his heart . Sorry many may call this action  but can please say me any actor who had apologized for his actions .It requires a great heart to do that he is saying sorry even he I right .Many may appose this but this man tremendous and this government is tremendous .
Jai farmer, happy women's day to all
They r not farmers they r unemployed youth of Punjab and worst thing is punjab govt has done absolutely nothing to address the issue of unemployed in their state. Amrinder Singh just keeps on crying on media channel that his govt don't have money and punjab youth is unemployed
Modi Idealogy (saffron terrorism)Is A Threat To Nation
Kar diya chutiyapa jo nahi karna tha. Whoever is the culprit i dont know but it is black mark on Republic of india.
HE IS BETTER FOR PM POST THAN MODI ..
Is this about the pollution problem in Dehli? Maybe a deal where the farm laws are repealed in exchange for farmers not burning stubble?
Pictures are found of Aman Nihang meeting with BJP top leaders of Punjab clicked few day before this incidents..
Chato chato modi ke talve salo Aane wale time pure bharat me BJP ka sfaya hone wala  he chutia bjp
It was the agenda of my MUN in AIPPM, helped a lot in research & understanding
Now this Tikait creates new problem. He should taken in to custody.
Farmers are saying they want different kind of laws. Dont think theyre against progressive reforms in agriculture. They want protective measures for farmers not for corporates. In so called free markets usually protections are afforded to big corporations ,and the common man is left to the mercies of the market. The farmers are scared that this will happen to them as well.
they are not farmers...goons paid by congress and foreign agencies....this paid media started dancing with them.. people are watching you ....
 it(PDS).. keeping corporate issues aside
@8:30  companies will not try to reduce contract price ,. They will decide the rate not the farmers after AMPC mandis ends....
He is chanting religious slogans from the front of the stage, but his wolves were involved in rape behind the tents in Delhi. There is very much similarly between Taliban and Tikait.
Bohot acha order tha ...maja agya..
Now our country is going for GOT finale
Please don't do any reforms, ye india h yha "Chle do jaisa chl rha h" ....NGOs r heavy funded to oppose any good reforms
One must notice the camps of pro farmers and against farmers in several news forums. It's cut throat hate levels. I  am growing anxiety related to men in ours society. My father was right that BJP would be catastrophic for our country!
Mind blowing
4- Farmers of state of Punjab and Haryana already benefitted from the supportive schemes of both units of federal structure resulting in augmenting their income more than double and uplifting their population and standards of living their of that not only enabled them to send their children abroad but also transform their ability from owing a land to running businesses and real estates.
Bhat Mahesh bhat
This is not democracy. It is no where near democracy. The PM has a lot to answer for.
Unfortunately, Abhijit Iyer is highly delusional when he is saying one little pathetic state election. I would suggest Abhijit to choose his adjectives wisely. Uttar Pradesh has 80 seats in Lok Sabha as of now and if 73-76 seats are won by BJP in 2022 for next Lok Sabha election then BJP already has 25%-26% seats to come in majority. Uttar Pradesh is the game changer when it comes to election and not just any little pathetic state as you perceive Mr Intellectual Abhijit Iyer.
Jd NV               
Rip 
But i hv a query why farmers who are protesting are not ready to set a panel and talk to govt. Directly?
Tikait ne marwaya hoga... This journalist was an eye witness.
Wo sb thik h but jb law banate h tb ye sb baate dhyan rakhni chahiye na about msp, how dispute will be resolved, or storage limit kyu htahi h wo to abhi tk samaj nhi aaya. Agar law m hi unlimited storage de diya h to government body hoke bhi kya kr legi. Saff dikh rha h bde corporates ko fayda pahuchane ki koshish hon rhi h.
Jai Shree ram
Jab Kisan Mare ja rahe  the tab modi ji isliye chup the Kyunki use Samay Chunav nahin tha
Dictatorship of BJP
BJP has become Bharat Dhulao party
Agriculture is farmers life ..land is not something that  this creepy government is trying to snatch from us we farmers bycott these bills
Shame to you
My son 16 years old asking me isn't Arnav coming TV any more, we are from New Zealand
Farmers income should go up Salaries earned make more money Farmers protest support from canada Trump Modi are going home
in the 80"s had only 02 seats In year 2024 0 seats. I have made up my mind will never give my vote to BJP
Oye jo rout decided hoya tha uspe bi braget lagadiye orr tlwar kyu na uthae jabb ki police walo ke hatme dande or hatyar jo ki bajorg logo pe mar reh the
The way of explaining 
Secondly he was just accused of touching it being a lower caste, hence its just a case of " how dare he touched our holy book" being a lower caste.thus he faced the wrath of barbarians.
Where is video of farmers crushed to death by ministers car FIRST SHAME ON UR CHANNEL
This is a right wing funded channel. These guys will never criticize wrongdoings of BJP
Let's send India back to 1950.
After: he is taking back for the         upcoming elections.
They are not real farmers, they are brokers, badotri, rented people, who are funded by Congress and Anti National agencies.
Thanks team Drishti...
Next time, bring a fleet of slurry tanks
India will get food from USA. The country of random people that used to matter.
Abe chootiyon Sangheeyon 
badoria has a problem he is in SP and is unhappy and disgusted with popat (akilesh) so badoria is taking out his frustation on the anchor and BJP
i have no interest in farm bills.. but is in my ca course . thanx for wonderful explanation. the best part of answer was it wasnt biased . it acted clear and concise. THX BISBO.
Farmers are not fighting for themselves but in reality these farmers are actually fighting for poor Indians.who get a time of meal by begging on streets.
Bloody spineless government.
Farmer is god for us
Ndtv is honest chennal in India
And do not bring us to the test, but save us from the evil one. 
Don't trust the ruling party as like Hitler..... BJP . BJP  using these agenda.... As the parents give chocolate or sweets to kids if they annoyed..... So don't eat these sweets  it will make u ill and make ill all the nation after few months of elections....... Say No To BJP 
Thanks so much! Very well explained. You've earned a new subscriber 
Now to fill the vaccum after repeltion,modi govt looking forward to capture or attack Pak occupied Kashmir....let's india would be able to win.
WION is the best platform trust me you guys. I stay 100% away from woke and godimedia 
 whatsapp group              
This is why Modi is in power. He will next election too
They will not take action against Arnab, but ready to summons Farmers by NIA .
World best actor
Election stunt good played pm ji
Good government of india jai bheem
Really sir.. Very nicely explained... Ab mujhe samajh aaya why farmers are Protesting.
I think you should make a video on it. 
Indian media is a sellout
The documentary has no direction and non explainatory
Both farmers and consumers will have to suffer under these farm laws
public comment apne cut kr diye are virodh  h ye kuch toh bat hogi ,,, km se km puri khbr toh dhang se do bus footage de rhe ho
Sadly the people in power are sleeping
This person is too arrogant to use foul language
 as per Arnab congress and opposition using the farm law to get vote bank. Modi ne farm law withdraw karke unka game khatam kar dia.  Kuch v     aage up election he wo nhi dikh rha arnab ko. 
Do not believe the Butcher of Gujarat . This is his game plan for U.P . Next he will organize a planned attack on Muslims of U.P . Please beware of this dark sheep .
The murder and hide Wh I hide.
Good for the farmers. India needs democracy, a govt of the people by the people for the people, like China. Not of the 1% by the 1% for the 1% like the US!
Modi you will not win the next election  .and ur stupid BJP party will face the consequences  for what u did to the farmers of India.
Nicely explained...
Nice to see Sachin pilot speak up. Shukla bagel etc. what about senior congressmen
Actually this is a opposition's planned protest.  Real farmers are working in their agriculture fields.
 great job scoopwhoop
Mr tomar has zero knowledge about agriculture
Great job veer, we all love you
Modi is the most corrupted pm india ever had ......
One thing is clear, What ever the bill comes or technology advances, Farmers will be going to struggle a lot since one or the other loopholes will strike that farmers may not aware of in advance.
POOR FARMERS MADE TO PROTEST AMIDST DEADLY GLOBAL PANDEMIC.  SHAME ON THIS GOVERNMENT AND THEIR SUPPORTERS. !!!!!
2:57 - THATS NOT WHAT IT MEANS YOU dumbo. Free Market does not mean favoring large corporations.
Pappu of past = Congress aka Rahul Gandhi
As per CrPC, one can direct to break farmers head?
Comparing Flipkart, fpo's etc. as middlemen is disingenuous.
          To support the Kissans I have stopped to listen Godi media on TV and disliking too on social media
News
Love you Diljit veereh......a punjabi sisters and mother's bless you a long happy life.....
Why only #PUNJAB & HARYANA....
India watching its worst days where its reviver are being crushed like insects.
very well explained sir
But it has been observed since the 2014 those party are above the majority , only they are forcibly impose the law disfavour of people of India..
 4 states are protesting 
"The Ignorance of the Oppressed is Strength of the Oppressor"
I watched your entire video and found you couldn't stand neutral and justify the protests due to lack of understanding in subject. Do you know India is in top 5 agricultural producing countries, still Indian farmers earn way less than their western counterparts? Why so? Because current APMC act prohibits farmers to sell their produce out of Mandi so called wholesale market. In Mandi a mediator would buy farmers produce on low cost and sell high to retailers. Farmers don't get the right price for their products hence.
Thanks to UP , Punjab & Haryana elections.
Take farmer laws back.....
Your media room become Public toilet,,,
don't worry this will happen https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPHoumJvVtQ
Fake news 
People cant file FIR on Govt/Politicians?
Contract forming punjipati ke fever me hai is par sochna chahiye
Please do a video how law making & role of Supreme Court in law making
How come the Supreme court did not ask the West Bengal Government to submit a detailed report after Mamta Begam's Islamic gundas burned Hindu homes and killed Hindus???
yaah media u r right its vilonce where were u all godi media when they are sitting on delhi border from 2 months more then 70 + kisan had died no one has been reported that and not a single tweet has given by our pm but the violence happen yesterday was not right don't blame farmers or police the main people are politicians and media who had scrud up countries development, dignity,unity
Fake deputy cm
Kishan bill right
Anpadhs are disliking this
Very Nice Dear Kisaan I love  You Brother
Thanks for your support and show real picture of protest. Now we won it. Waheguru g ka khalsa waheguru g ki fateh
Modi sir your move can only bring u goodwill. Please work on MSP.
These are the farmers of our country whose demands the government was unable to fulfill and they decided to carry out peaceful protests from the very start, the group who hoisted that flag separated itself from the peaceful tractor rally, moving towards the red fort was led by deep siddhu, farmers claim that going to the red fort was not even in their plan
Tikait is a sold out bharua.
Your are really very humble man 
How could Modi government want to make more difficulty for the fermers. ? How is it possible  that  government  are not helping the farmers but the business man .
Chaploosi
I saw the statement of Dr. Gulati who is chief agriculture economist and he support the bill.
Y sick people every where then if not become terrorist
For any one 
But i am sure these things are just propaganda , 80% farmers have no problem with bill is also propaganda ... these   are the real farmers and not khalistani  i am sure about tha
It's sane decision of farmers gp. As govt has been proactive to to enhance the benefits, it's expected to continue its efforts unabated.
Thanks to cover this news
No farmers no food
If these laws are so bad then why only Punjab farmers are protesting ,  does other states are not having farms..!
Love from Assam 
You call him a farmer..!!!
He was hitting farmers below the belt. 
News channel ko itna detailed explanation dena chahiye lekin wo toh TRP batorne me lage hue hai.
Welcome all to Hindu Rashtara
If it was to be repealed why then it was brought before...   what a shame
e is looking for the biggest drug sales market You have to understand that farmers in India this is looking for drug sales all over India You have to understand that it has plantation all over India only drugs
Sikhs alleged that congress partymen killed Sikhs in delhi in thousands in the aftermath of Mrs. indira feroze gandy assassination. In lakhimpur some people in the name of protests   indulged in beating to  death fellow citizens including bjp party associates and congress trying to smartly capitalise.
thanks for supporting to Farmers
Very nice presentation of content 
Your mission aim should be to start the world war three
produced rice/wheat/vegetables etc out side of the district or county 
I have a lot of friends who said that farmers were faking the entire episode. Good that the video is out.
Sir aap public finance pe video banaiye
Very well explained bro ,and this Will effect every Indian ,A big salute to our beloved farmers who are protesting for us
Dekho police walo ko bacha rahe the kisan or police wale kese mar rahe the kisaano ko
u know what I mean
Taliban is secular  it's secular for  ,  for  women's freedom, as secular as they used AK47 rather than stick of RSS  
Love from Afghanistan 
Now let us see what farmers pay to the government. Farmers pay Rs. 16,600 crore tax annually on purchase of pesticides. Rs. 3800 crore on purchase of Fertilizers. Rs. 4,500 crore on purchase of tractors. Total of these taxes works out to Rs. 24,500 crore per anum. IN addition farmers pay about Rs. 10,000 crore on purchase of farm implements such as pumpsets, micro irrigation systems etc. Then it can be seen that about Rs. 35,000 core is paid to the exchequers of States and Central govt annually. Whereas Central govt had been subsidizing farm sector to the tune of Rs. 1,20,000 crore only. In addition respective States waive off farm loans to the tune of Rs. 200,000 annually. 
They hurt my heart. Govt didn't fire them due to vote bank policy.
If you listen to him properly over the years then you can easily find out that he has always been of the view that "there is no military solution in Afghanistan" but at that time, so-called intellectuals of the western media didn't bother to listen. In fact, they ridiculed him as "Taliban Khan". But today all the countries including the US with all its arrogance and might have agreed to the same conclusion that "There is no military solution in Afghanistan."
Yogendra Yadav today I can say it was truly historic A HistoricShame And you a historic LIAR 
Isa 65:22 " they shall not build, and another inhabit; they shall not plant, and another eat: for as the days of a tree shall be the days of my people, and mine elect shall long enjoy the work of their hands....
There will be no such prime minister like you in our country.People values person or things when it's gone.I never heard other ministers doing such work.
aur Food Cut off Kar de Kissan Bhaieyo ka 
this man should be handed over the farmers for justice .vikas dubey jaise hisab kitab hona chahiye
If farmers don't want this. Just remove this law fools. Jinke liye hai unko nai chahiye. To thop kyu rahe ho
How nice, questioning through a microphone
That's; why we called "PRESENT"
Modi HAS shown his true colors and His DAYS are numbered.  No food should be served to all BJP people for as long as they will not repeal the laws! Let's see the impact on them!
It's very halarious to hear that, Taliban is something great, hahahhaah
Appreciate modi,spatience and observing king like behaviour towards public iekishan andolankaries but the later failed to observe due respect to the govt.of the country
They just cleared thier ways not damaged anything bitches
Only muslims supports congress and ndtv...people understand this.
Funding from outside country Canada, Australia, UK, Europe are funding to held protests so that India always will be instability.
Crush these farmers ruthlessly. Crush them, beat the shit out of them. 
UP  -    !
13. Also no talk about the way in which the bill was pushed? You talk about discussing but when asked government about discussing with farmers or oppositions they directly said they don't think that's needed because they have thought well about it. If they have then why so many loopholes bro?
UPSC kee online taiyaree bhee karate hai Shreeman.We are not able to join civil coaching.
Modi is great work slute Naman. We proud of you
CHEAP TICKET AT 500 RS ONLY AT ANY BUSY
If u r in Modiz place  what best option u had? 
Thanks for the lecturr
https://youtu.be/jS9QdOaFvzA real face of Delhi police
Bc police pai hatt uthao gai
Dont show wrong picture please
Political parties are made this issue to this level 
Don't agree with AIM's analysis. Agriculture is a state subject. BJP states will slowly start implementing the farm laws in their states.
This is not Anti Farmer. Please read the bill rather calling politicians especially Akali dal who themselves are biggest middleman and lose if new bill come into force
Please share pdf link of farm bill 2020
No food
They are only happening in Panjab & hariyans because of politics... laws are correct and required so farmers can divert to other crops especially enable oil.
- have STRONG democratic institutions that actually work!
Tomorrow all small farmers would do andolan for bringing this kanoon back
THE Sikhs For Justice campaign and the already started "Panjab Referendum" was the determining factor in Modi and India's U-turn. Kissan union leaders were ignored for one year when despite 13 meeting with non governmental representatives nothing was achieved. FACT.
Legalising MSP which is calculated based on surplus tally is the right thing to be done for the farmers.
*Once upon a Time there was Hitler*
Thanks NDTV
Such nagative coverage , dude chill, things will be good , be positive , they r on roads for they rights, Respect to farmers.
1) CAA ke liye Congress too was telling during manmohan Singh rule but he told only for HINDUS to come back.
Mind Begs the Question:
Bjp knows about election side effects.
Im an Afghan I grow THERE JOE BIDEN PUT TALIBAN IN POWER 
What? That's a farmers union flag for you? Are you blind?
Dont say farmers...i know ...who all are there. The real farmers are working.
Questioned that one.. Who has forced them to walk on the road.... Where is chai wala ?? If you are thinking about their progress, happiness then why you killing them? Why you don't listening them??? Cheap enough #BJP.... 
But according to 2nd law 
Sab jante hai u.p election is the main reason
If evm is banned then only people support is needed to govern
Aaj tak bakwas news channel
Rare scene of a guy carrying shawl with grace 
Great work sir ! My opinion is not to exploit farmers and yes MSP should be a legal right
MSP is like a secure government job for farmers! Whatever & how much they grow, government will buy it. Without MSP it's like doing a private job with higher salaries but job uncertainties & insecure future in an ever growing competitive market.
Agree that MSP is also not sustainable.  An alternative is to abolish MSP and increase subsidies on farm inputs like fertilizers, seeds, pesticides and encourage collective farming at the panchayat level whereby productivity multipliers like tractors, harvesters etc - the costs of which - can be shared by the whole village equitibly.  The govt will get more bang of its buck this way.
They were all khalistani no real farmers.. N sachi main farmer hote.. Abhi tak modi bye bye... Ho gaya hota.. 
Now it's time to by by modi...
speaker has 30min to adjourn but no 15min for discussion...... instant pass and reverse......
The best that has happened is this lathicharge (that was overdue for more than 9 months) of shameless rowdy farmers.
Its completely okay. UAE, Saudi Arabia and many other countries also banned protests in their country
Very well explained Sir 
They are India farmers  and I support them...
I hope they spool it up and try to fly it. Ahahaha
Imarn said that so he can set fire in india's ass look thats has just happened...indias ass is deeply paining
The Sikh community are being unfairly targetted. Their sacrifices in the Indian army have been conveniently ignored.
Q2 Are  Me and other people selling corps outside APMC are committing a crime
Shame on republic
At this time Sriman ji government of yogi and Modi.
Aapne es vedio ko search nhi Kiya or agr dek rhe ho. You care afganisthan
Khalistani will in to the Jail soon ......
Most of this demands of farmers was accepted by government in different meeting. Now it is with supreme court panel to allay the fears. It is now a political issue not a farmers issue anymore.
Can you make more such videos on various issues and topics that will help in PI and descriptive writing.
What a sham!!
I support farmers  
No  any other  sensible person in SP who can be  sent for debate?
Mr Rahul...actually in 2011,and 2013 congress brought this bill to introduce.
Farmers may have joined the protests but they were deceptively enlisted for the protests by appealing to Sikh pride...
Then also tell me about the blockages , the just have modified tractors for it ,I don't condem it
Farmers, Modi's repeals are no use as your status quo is not changed well. Learn from Naxalite to guard your rights.
Informative 
Why dont rubika ask questions to govt ... Bloody hypocrisy
Congratulations Kumar Shyam, for turning into Godi media from true midia.
Boycotted by gandi rajneeti..
Khalistani farmers want to benefit arthiyas (middlemen ) of apmc market
Shame on India gvt
Getting license to buy in APCM is very easy. SO it is not license like license in telecom. Anyone who wants, can apply and get the license.
I think now one want to support BJP too corporate like Ambani Adani...that's wyh the opps the bill ....no matter what is on the bill
The Best journalist in the world
Suddenly NDTV Faviorit channel of Dalals of Punjab.
wonderful and true presentation
We are not only protesting for removal of three laws we also want msp to be regulated all over india.
Concerned Citizen
It's an 17 acre ground and these people were in lacs not thousand. And modi should fear from it
Agriculture and businesses are the backbone of each and every country in the World....kindly don't be bias,...justification would make good.
Absolutely misguiding. The example given that out of auctioned price of rupees 100 farmers gets only 10 in APMC is grossly wrong. Middleman I.e.Commision Agent is paid only a commission and other service charges, thus essentially there is no middleman between trader and farmer in APMC. Traders being small and many there is no cartelization whereas as per new Bill's it will be a monopoly.  On  a burning issue every   Tom, Dick and Harry starts opinioatating even if he has no first hand knowledge of the subject. This man did exactly the same.
Cancel akkiye shesham vannavar indo
    business man  product                   ? ,         optimum  choose   economics                                                     
Farmer will demand but he will not do politics
Hey super this is wat I was expecting 
Some Vedio is circulated you see
Tnq so much 
Reforms have taken place in all fields in the past 70 years except agriculture. These 3 laws are an attempt to make farming more competitive but unfortunately backed by political parties some farmers unions have opposed without reasoning. Good opportunity is lost now farmers cannot come out of the clutches of middlemen
Republic day parade is only show off of nation but tractors rally is reality of India.
Itna hone ke bad bhi hindu soye huve he
Pls work for greater india 
i think bjp ministers have learned something from salman khan but as its india no action will be taken for these criminals everything is sold in this country police plays important role in covering up these crimes lets see how judiciary handle these cases now
Kuj chutie inko terrorists... Khalistani bolte ha agar ye ese hote to 500 shahid nhi hote 500 chutio (andhbkto)  ki gand faad kr mrte
India is number 1 in the world for child marriage, rape, suicide and racism
Fekuchand chor hai.
Look, the looters threten to rise Khalistan movement of they are not let to loot. They have already shown their international might even by making Canada President talking for them, & oganising events in many places in the world. How these middlemen exploit Punjabi  sentiment for their selfish purpose. 
The best solution for Afghanistan is to partition the country into two parts from the governance prospective. Just like South Korea and North Korea. In the interest of peace, it is  better to split into Democratic Afghanistan and Taliban Afghanistan and let the people choose which part of the the country they want to live in. At the same time there may be possibility of joint governance for areas of conflict until both sides reaches to a peaceful settlement. 
This man tradeau is such a maniac disgusting I think india should teach him a lesson.
He is a anti indian
Arvind Kejriwal next PM of India 
What is the CRUX of New Farm Reform and why the Opposition Politicians are worried.* starting with left long time Allie of BJP
Seems like Modi and his useless government will not be back to power again.
THE GOVERNMENT SHUT DOWN THE INTERNET AND STARTED ARRESTING PROTESTORS ILLEGALLY THATS WHY THERE IS NO RECENT FOOTAGE PLEASE BRING AWARENESS
First video on national level which acculy truly understands fear and demands of farmers ... we dont wanna on roads .. we also wanna live with our family ..
Is it left or li real politics to join these exploiters? NDTV, WIRE.... they join. All hypocrites  join, by creating a hate band in the name of a religion (Hinduism) which is merely a boogie (I understand it as a free system of any faith- BJP is also guilty of using it).
I think the youth should watch and learn. The majority of farmers were our elders. Youth off today would not have had the dedication and fight in them. They are all worried about going to Canada and driving trucks.
So we know that the son ran away
He is lying.  Someone brainwashed this child
You can never satisfy all. Rest of India had accepted. Only educational channels gave incomplete info and confused. They missed out important parts. Shame.
Farm protest and policies aside. You will not get Khalistan. We will hang you upside down If you try to break this country! Sikhs or Muslims or Hindu or Pink Panda it doesn't matter. You all will have the same faith!
This RSS government could not care about the hard working people s because they are not hard working people s in the name of God and religion they will living luxury and occupied all the administration  . the Indian media s all are under the RSS people s . Very soon India divd  in Maine pease by the RSS people s
Let US stay United by being kind and Alert 
How many people are present from the opposition? benches are empty. Opposition, has no unity and more importantly no support from public, just making some big noise to get some attention..
This goonda Needs to be fired
but dhruv ;these city ppl do not understand our farmers problem;media plays a very dirty role
Worlds biggest democracy 
Maharashtra government must implement these laws .
7:00 start from yogendra yadav  , other one is a fool
THANKS  SUPREME  COURT.
I feel so happy and relieved. Please please beware of this cunning and culprit bjp leaders and do not vote for them. We are on the verge of losing democracy. This party works for the upper class people, they don't care for others.
But actually 3 laws are good for farmers...
People who visit canada London Australia 
Very Very Nice
Diversity has lot of goodness, but it also comes with hatred for others. True intellectuals identify & help civilizations to get devenomed of toxic colonial mentality, but we as a third world do not have such organic intellectuals, but career academicians, who do everything in academics that helps them personally prosper. They just go along with the wind of academic bias. 
I dont think it is protest.
You purposely didnt control the situation. We also have videos of police taking selfie with the farmers at red fort. And sitting on the side instead of stopping.  There was no violence until that point. So what happened. Obviously it was preplanned. The way barricades are installed at Delhi borders, I wish you had installed at the borders where China built a village inside INDIA.
Sandeep chaudhary very hi Emandar ptarkar
Since there is no right to recall elected representatives  Jan Andholan is the only option .
More he blocks public highways, more notorious & powerful be becomes. 
News24  Amit ji ki hight bahut kam hai but work bahut acha karenge  my best wishes to working all time with News24.
Govt creating more jobs! Recruiting more police, SRP and military . So nice isnt it
SHREE YOGIJI IS BEST CM OF BHARAT. 
R bharat is so stupid ....they r swinging their  mic like they have consumed substance
Please wait and see what is the outcome of taking back the farm laws.. their is a lot big happening inside and outside  the country this with drawn farmlaws are check mate.....
Govt generally controls the market when they feel that consumers will suffer. However, they do not care about farmers. If govt wants to control and regularize the market, they have to give farmers minimum support price.
Doesn't make sense. Why would BJP would have done it? They have nothing to gain politically. Must be congress or some opposition behind this for gaining votes.
Many lost their Lives and Dignity.Children become Orphans and their families in Drastic Situation.Now, this Vulture and Murderer making the Pain and Suffering more Unbearable.Because U.P Election are coming.Teach them Better Lesson this time.JAI HIND JAI BHARAT,,,,,, THANKS,,
Glt tha to waps lene me itna time kyo lga 
For doubling of Farmers income and for agriculture development , Central Govt has supported or initiated various steps like - I). 99 Irrigation projects supported under LTIF and Completed by March 2020 (Rs. 90000 crore) in various states, ii) PM Fsal Bima yojna revised in 2015 where pre sowing expenditure in case of no sowing was included (implementation is in hand of State Govt), iii), PM - Samman Nidhi (Rs. 75000 crore, KCC interest subvention upto Rs. 3 lakh (5% interest subvention), iv) PM- SAMPADA yojana( to increase Fish Production).v)  Dairy Infrastructure Development Fund for Cooperative Sector to incresae milk processing capacity , Vi) Animal Husbandry Infrastructure Development Fund, vii). Agril Infrastructure Fund (Rs. 1 lakh crore), viii), Formation of 10000 Farmers Producers Organisation by 2024-25 in each block, ix), e-NAM trading through 525 APMCs, x). Agri Start Up Yojana, etc. - You can judge yourself as these schemes are already on ground.
Support farmers..
All maharashtra is with kisan bt other Media do not showing this
Long Live Farmers Unity.
 Tiger zinda ha next movie me ly aye ha wapis.......
Make more videos related to Rajasthan GK for VDO
Sir really wonderful thanks heartily for exposing the reality of Congress Jay bharat mata ki Jay.
Those criminals should be jailed. Doing all the atrocities and demanding an escape. Wtf
     !!! I want to see there dead bodys !!!
Only few kisans (farmers) are their in this andolan...
Very well explained..thank you so much 
Next yr: error 404 govt. Not found
Nice bro
If one nation one election law is implemented, can you really believe that these farm law were withdrawal at any cost. I don't think so.
It's shocking that no one is sympathising with dead farmers and other 4 people.
The Bill is against Traders, Mandis and all Middle Man who were buying Onion at 6-7Rs from Farmers and selling at 70-80Rs to Consumers.
Only god knows the truth, cant trust this guy any more.
BEST C.M AFTER YOGI JI.
thank you for your support and restless effort mdm and drusti team......
Riju Datta goon from TMC under butcher raksahsini Mamatha Banerjee is a Traitor inhuman demon has no any grounds to talk about this he muat be banned boycotted people are watching will reply rightly this type of vote bank wont work
Chat le
Illiterate oblivious of misfortune.
India will never develop ,  what is the use of bjp winning majority.
Remember what BJP is doing since day 1 of protest. They killed a guy whose body was found some days back. They attacked women tents on 29 January and Delhi police was helping them. These RSS terrorists are going out of control. Strict action must be taken against them.
Congress is tired face of politics. Let them rest in peace!
Yes no withdrawal of msp
I want india to have a responsible and full functioning govt which will work on the benefits of millions of common indians not few coperates or not any other forgin govt.
 This is the poison For the country
Nothing going to happen .DONT PANIC. ITS IS THE SYPTOM OF OLD AGE don't mind
What will you profit by winning the whole world at the loss of your soul. India Today stop licking out of the hands of Modi's, Yogis, Baba's n Thakurs. UP is not of their to continue with might is right rule. Stand for the truth at least once
Not about party,  its about India
For big jump you need to move back this tactics used by modi... Don't trust on modi BJP government.
This is the power of people. This is not gujrat. This is whole india. 
Their ideology of cultivation is their technology. 
Proud to Be Indian 
One day these farmers will say to government to put back farmers law again later
But they are too cruelly dangerous when they are not in Rule !! They don't hesitate to burn country in the name of constitution !!
Boooohot der kar di ....janaab ...aate aate ..! Hundreds (7!?)  of farmers have lost their lives in the agitation ..!
people in past said "computer was bad/train was bad (express)/ machinery were bad" when they started , but are they ? 
God bless all  stay happy healthy wise 
That what They also done to Article 370 35-A it ruined kashmir  and no one was able to do anything
Sandeep choudhary ji thank you very much for honest reporting
Sourer bacca
You can be for or against the farm laws, but you should not be for this hooliganism and mockery of law and order, more so on our republic day during a pandemic, to all those who are gleefully supporting this, shame on you.
This is President Biden Idea..traitor
Sandip is great
And most of these violence is well funded by Foreign elements.
He is great Man
Farmers r protesting, for more than a year; WITHOUT BREAK  
PGurus has become such a garbage channel. Its become the mouth piece of Subramaniam Swamy and his chela Abhijit Iyer. Abhijit Iyer comments on everything from diapers to thongs...
our control and we have our own rights. In todays world very very 
Wonderful and informative ground reporting 
He is going the wrong way !
Kim Jong Modi is a dictator
Today Pakistan talking about slavery of Afghanistan to West ????
jhootha hai
Police waley agar kisan ke bethey hotey toh yeh sarkar muh toor deti
*I AM A HINDU.     In a day of a Hindu* 
They are anti national cruel animals. Stop calling them farmers
After the death of many farmers .
Follow Prashant Dhawan on Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/prashant.dhawan.79
Fall of Capitalism
You are right everybody thinks that  behind the curtain (parde k peechhe Taleban h) there is Taleban.
Rules are for fools...Now even the erstwhile rulers turned into fools.
No one want to think for our country
God save this nation. Never thought PM will be a coward. Only way this nation will run now is with 5000 people sitting in street will decide faith of my nation. Pathetic. No more vote for any party. NOTA
*Study: Earth Is Losing Ice Faster Today Than In The Mid-1990s; 28TN Metric Ton of ice have melted away from the worlds sea ice, ice sheets & glaciers since mid-1990s; 57% faster than 3 decades ago*
10% GDP Experience for EDUCATION. JOY HIND.
Govt. is make fake propaganda that they want to eliminate the middle men. Who is a middle man, any individual or any entity that connects the producer/manufacturer one one side and end user/consumer on the other side is a middle man. Therefore just as the commission agents are middlemen, so are the big corporate houses that are into the trade business of farm products. Business is guided by greed, but its the responsibility of the Government to play neutral and bring forth rules and regulations that does not further the interests of one section(large corporations) at the interest of other sections (farmers and commission agents).
Why No Discussion on floor of House.. 700 farmers Died in Delhi agitation.
Up election 
Farmer politics....Congress support to farmer back for politics
 These Taliban are peaceful,  and people of Afghanistan are very satisfied with their performance. 
Up m bhe  hobe
YOU ARE NOT GIVING PROOF AND EVIDENCE TO FIND TRUTH 
To understand these bills, one must see these three bills in toto.
All should work towards betterment of whole indian farmer.
Modi is an elected representative . When he sees no farmers supporting the bills but sees farmers who oppose the bills, he has to do what an elected representative is supposed to.
Just brilliant presentation !!
They absolutely have nothing to do other than blocking the roads and to stop country's development they are not farmers they are just unemployed people  burning the country just to satisfy there own personal anger.
Support or selling are different things 
#istandwiththepanjabfarmers hope it all works out and gets sorted ASAP!! WJKKWJKF 
2022 elections AMRINDER Congress  EXPOSED PAKDHA GAYA GAME  
Every action has equal and opposite reaction
you guys are same for the country.  election harne ke dar se kanoon hi badal dia govt ne.  usko support karoge.   by hook n by crook.  n BBC has wasted  my time with this video.
Please make a video on freedom fighter Tipu Sultan 
Why only the group of Ambani& Adani permitted to built the food grain godown ? Are the favour of people of India?
It's helpful. thanks 
This is height of Modi Bhakti
why you not show that???? what about not arresting but help goons attack
Thode v bache a rab dekh da
Modiji had asked for forgiveness... But this jahil group of tikket will not stop and want election ticket.. Unfortunate... Their sponsorees do not want to stop this agitation.... Ifbthese iodiots do motvleave then our court must intervine and kick these jahils outbof delhi
If this was a Pan India protest why there was no one from large rice producing states like Andhra, Tamilnadu, Karnataka, Bengal did not join and agitate for full year. This is not an Indian farmer agiataion but agitation of farmers belonging to two and a half states of India who would lose their source of. Income if government stops the mandi. Press is also silent on the funding given from extremist organisations in Canada and UK without which these agitations would have run out of steam in the long run. Press should also look into the funding received by these so called indian farmers.
How come Abhijit views have changed for good, otherwise he is a jalra for the Sanghis?
Reduce petrol diesel prices, repeal farm laws etc just before elections. People should realise this and vote according
Govt, at least now, could move on and focus on other sectors for economic growth.. Probably, a watered down version of this farm laws could be enacted in BJP ruled states or center might enact laws to strengthen and bring transparency to existing setup.
you explained it so flawlessly, thanks for dedication and hard work ma'am.
strategy when in opposition, Pick up any issue , fund it more, Make it 
News moga city
Abp new channel  don't hired the people for show off . At you are saying that they are the khalistani. Now you are changing your side.
Seen an Unbiased video after long time
He is making fool of people... He supporting legal MSP... what about demand and supply system in business... What about customer and quality.... Who will grow apple and fruits if on 22 crops you will give fix msp.... Always profit in growing 22 crops
I too supported peaceful protest but I will not allow anybody to insult our national flag .
Pure election tactis, cant even acknowledge and mourn for 700+ lives lost but rather blame famers for being ignorant. 
What gift? Are you guys jocking?
I am proud of India,  that under the leadership  of  Narendra Modi .we are progressing . I have full faith in this govt . , I listened to this act actually during the loksabha session . 
Boycott Ambani and Adani save economy
1. Bill is good for present but the protest is for the future.
sambit patra is cute son of mia khalifa and his two father,s name Mrs amit sahah and narendra modi
3: Punjus are begging for more MSP which comes from taxpayers who cannot pay more because he does not earn more as new industries would rather go down South.
Wheat production first place - UP
great information. thanks sir..
It's not a good decision
10.2a8f21
YE HAR CHUKE HE ISLIYE GLAT TARKE APNA RAHE HE,,,
Thank You Team Drishti 
At this moment, Taliban is BEST for Afghanistan.....!
Isn't those 3 farms are passed without proper discussion. Facing saving act by government by repealing the farm laws.
Congrats to all formers and indians
Mr. PM, step down and declare election, we will elect one who has guts to face bastrds congie and commies ....
Came back after the repeal of the farm laws , just to re live the protest , What a win
This media are showing fake news they are not real reporter's they are just showing how bad are farmers indian people do not trust your Media
jab ye job laga hoga to he must have said that he is a farmers son and aage jo ager ye election ladega to bolega that he is s farmers son.baki bich me jiski lathi uski bhes
State like Bihar don't have Mandi System . They have private sector who never give them appropriate price of there crop. Bihar already have private sector for buying the crop from farmers from past 10 years than also Bihar farmers are poorest in the country with 5000 monthly income where as state like Haryana who have govt. Mandis farmer income is 14,000 per month. So bringing private sector in agriculture is surely not a solution of this problem. Problem is to remove middle man or make a law for compulsury to followed by all the states and increase wearhouse system where govt. can store good amount of food to sell other country. India is on no.1 to sell food in international market than also indian farmers are poorest is the world
Epic insult of this khachar cm
Shame on the modi government
Now priority is to save farmers live from Covid disaster,,,,doubling farmers income is not the priority now
Most dangerous gang has taken control of this anarchy
Thank you sir for this analysis
Can they fly it?
Rubika you should be neutral.
The whole country is about government vs citizens. What's government for?
So peaceful by so-called Farmers aka Khalistanis.
What's about godi Media ? Please report BBC.
He'll modi
Thanks for the beautiful video. Make more videos from the protest 
This is for punjab election
this is only digital media platform that doesn't speak the truth..  To whatever extent the wrong committed by the leaders of ruling govt, it will always report in support of them, trying to justify those wrongs...
Support for those who feed us, not for who feed modias
Tikait was correct about fir
- If I were govt, I'd be extremely unhappy about this situation, largely because this cannot scale.
Shame less government
4. unlimited storage limit of essential commodities.
Happy to see that at least  some media  supporting farmers where most of them are biased and against farmers.
A GIF only airport
Modi enjoying life while police and farmers are going to die typical indian government
 Anarchist are on run on republic day......
Thankyou Dilhi
My question is why only punjabi farmers are protesting ?
Isn't it funny to see Ex CM of Punjab Capt. Amrinder Ji raising the security concerns now? When he was CM what was he doing then? Wasn't  Security of the state  his duty? Why didn't he ensure that Punjab's borders with the enemy nation Pakistan was under proper surveillance with the help of Central agencies? All this dramabazi is to fool the people and score brownie points before the upcoming elections....
Education is Best way For
"who will it be next?"
Especially kejiriwal who cheated the Anna  and what tootie (tap) chor right to say
Amanda cerny is also a business women apart from her nonsensical vlog..she did this purely for exposure..she is an opportunist..she know her name will appear everwhere thus increasing her insta and fb profile..she knows it..we called these people hypocrites..
how to manipulate news # quint
Cant even condolence for one farmer death. Because of Modi , Amit shah, Yogi many farmers died.
Rip  BJP
Time to ask for One Nation One Election
Thnx dear
News 24
Minister should resign immediately
Poor people..r .Back Bone..of Islam.pakistan army.
   --Share subscribe watch.
Karwao patches police te
Today , I UNSUBSCRIBED THIS CHANNEL DUE TO THIS VIDEO
Tikait participated in twitter meeting with Khalistani leader and ISI leader. 
48000 commission agent's  bc saare froud hai nd saare ameer hai... tabi protest chlaa rahe hai
APMC should organized the farmers and on behalf of the Farmers APMC should deal with the corporates.
Right 
Jisne order diya iska khanna band kar do aur kheti karwao tab pata chalega the dismal condition of farmers in our country who are 58% of the Indian population
Encourage India to invest in gov banks not cryptocurrency or sensex
Here after Taliban takeover of Afghanistan
SHit .. Didnt know this was a bakwas kinda video
Free khalistan from india.
Jai Shree Ram 
It has been lost by media like u and the Farmers who are protesting besides the paid parties.
I support farmers .
doubling the farmers income joke of the decade
PM MODI JINDA BAAD. DEKAIT IS NOT A FARMER. THESE ARE NOT FARMERS. HAMARE SAINIK JINDA BAAD
It's all fake I am from india 
It is APMC registered middlemen who are scared. Please do not call these millionaire middlemen "Farmers"
OTHER SECTORS' MOVEMENTS, BE IT STUDENT/YOuth/lABOUR /Trade unions /any movement is to learn the undaunted patience despite death, police /goonda attack  keep on struggles.All out power to invest according to stratagy/tactical in movement. Opponent pol. Parties appeared ametuerist  leaving continuity in the movement issues. Oppositions unity = Good Bye to existing Govt. This just easy sum as per database of last elections ( Assembly & Parliament ).
Pakistan and China India biggest enemy country every indian should understand it
Ground journalist and anchor in tv studio go to Modi and ask.
Stand saport to farmers   we can't live without farmers 
rich? Third thing , who can be easily divided, Both Xtian and Xlims are 
This is the right preperation from the police. The protestors has to been stopped. We do have LAW and order in the land. And everybody has to respect that !
Respect all suspect all
Boycott reliance jio
To be frank Farm Laws seemed very bureaucratic and poorly thought out without thinking of second and third order of things without any due diligence to availability of supporting infrastructure given to atleast small and marginal farmers , they did zero study on agricultural knowledge / intellect of the farmers and making no arrangement to improve it either.
If these bills were to be passed by UPA then? Imagine?
This is failure of government they should solve the issue however no body should be allowed to create problems for common man,Administration is not playing its part they are just spectators
Easy explanation and understanding 
*"Protect The Farmers of India.*
Watch major Arya for truth
Now it is the best time to repeal 370
This Vedio really helpful for All objective questions
#sw #farmerwin #ekbardekhlo #painofmycontryfarmer
This was not Farmer protest. This was only the violence by Modi haters.
WB violence SC should have taken suo motto and Shaheen bhag protestors blocked roads for months. Law should be equal.
Current Situation remind me few lines in my mind composed by Sahir Ludhianvi,
Bjp k chor darr gaye
Nice information sir
Basters........ Everyone knows the name of police. What we call them....... By the name of ___________
Our democracy b came a big joke for some people
Political stunt for upcoming 5 states election!.... kedi!... ... Welcome move for election strategy?
honestly, very less people understand the struggles of farmers in India.
then after agriculture tax to normal consumer 
Am I right??
Sharm karo main stream media
They're not farmers but bloody antisocial elements 
All APMC will shut after 2 years is imaginary
Respect 
So do india tries same with farmers protest with nrc caa protest with 370 abolition protest USA do in their protest no one speaks then
EK HI MAA KE DOO BETE AAMNE SAMNE.. 
These laws state whatever they sell to corporate will be tied to profit, not to losses. 
Daiket hamesha negative shouch rakhta h.
India new must have English sub titles the world is watching all the way to South America Guyana 
After 2014, India had emerged as #3 Agricultural Supplier of the world. This had scared and terrified #2 China and #1 America.
Wy u talking only 26 January wy u not supporting farmer
The common man is not happy how indian media is licking the government ass.
Another thing - most of the small farmers were already being exploited by the bigger farmers since these 'bigger' farmers were buying crops at a price lower than the MSP. The point of this law was to provide a path for the smaller farmers to sell their crop directly to the wholesalers which would guarantee them a better price than if they had sold it to these 'bigger' farmers. It's about giving the smaller farmers more agency over the price that they receive for their crops. This is a two-way argument; you can't talk about one side and ignore the other.
farmers  are also anti nationals right ? Look at this arrangement by govt just to stop the voice of the citizen . Even British might havr not done this .
I want to ask a question  to delhi govt. . Delhi govt. Can prove that footprint of khalistani was not present in kissan movement .. govt. Of india has started process of repeal farmer low but movement will not stopped by kissan politician please think   what for this movement was started 
A video for all d idiots who still don't understand the protest n think Modi govt is in favor of farmers.
Other than Haryana & Punjab kissan why not other states kissan protesting???
If elected politicians,political opposition, and Staye governments properly discharged their duties, these laws would never ha e passed, or they would be being played in courts by state governments, and Kissans would NOT be in this Andholan.
Prostitute is Less Word for Godi Media Today You See  Nude Movie or Godi Media Both are Same Both are Naked They can Not See India Public Real Issue Now Whole India Nation fight against 3 Drugs
Best Topic sir
---1st time invaded Bhutan and failed in 1990 due to international pressure, but
So many videos in farm issues even under educational institution channels are stating wrong facts ,and speaking under influence without proper explanation .like any channel debate.
Jawans are sacrificing at International Borders for safety of our nation and Kissans are sacrificing at Delhi border for safety of cheap food for Nation.
*infecting Panjabs water with carcinogenic chemicals leading to rocketing leukaemia rates
Mightier than nihar
Hindu muslim dose is too heavy on the minds of people
They might have it, but they probably don't know how to operate it 
anyone here after 1 years dec 15 2021
5G  Internet        , radiation  effect  ,       5G testing cancel 
Listen, Farmers are super poor and they can't survive if they don't work for a week and these protestors are not farmers, they are traders who buy yields from farmers at cheapest price and sell them in the best price.
Bcz cong got govt in punjab so they also got support from cpi n cpm
Drama of Modi, don't believe modi
Thanks For Information
Rather than praying to animal we better pray for farmer to get good health and good crops to save nation and help  us free from malnutrition
This is NH 42 ,VERY BAD CONDITION , PEOPLE DIE EVERYDAY , PLZ DO SOMETHING , IF. U R ACTUAL MEDIA..
- Dainik Jagran showng farmers as culprit
Great speech bhai 
best ever explained, 
Yes in deed, May Mighty GOD keep you safe Mr Mallick. What a tragedy is happening now in Kabul. From what I see, nobody wants to stay under TELIBAN....THIS IS AN EXAMPLE THAT the will of people is not important. History is made by those who win the wars....We are all under control and as many as we are , will not win very easily. We must help each other against the few.
Thanks for covering this topic.
THERE IS A DIFFERENCE BETWEEN FACT AND BELIEVE. THE MSP IS NOTGOING ANYWAY
your face shows that you have hidden agenda!
Print shekar Gupta is anti modi and we should reject the Print because all his staff are tutoring for Congress
2) They were saying that police and army are their brothers! "If one person in a family is a farmer another is in the police or army", they said. Now they have attacked the police who were showing restraint. How come?
Answer to the question is option 3 (c)
The Inter-Services Organizations (Command, Control and Discipline) Bill, 2021 is the hidden facist agenda  in the shadow of farm laws repeal.
In India Physically Handicapped pay Income Tax whereas even Super Rich Farmers do not.
Another fine job for corporate elites bbc.
Such children who have not taken care of their own parents must also NOT be allowed to force their own children to take care of themselves by their own children. It should be allowed only when these thankless children compensate for not taking care of their own parents vide minimum 5% taxation to central govt till their own death.
if only 5000 thousand tractor , then what is the issue to police ????
Oh my God that is India, the biggest democracy of the world  LOL
- we know govt. will not remove EVM. So give us d option. Let d people of india decide how they want to vote? By ballot or EVM.
Bhaiyaa apki videos m bsss kisi chiz ko smjhne tk ki information hoti h yaa fr exams se related hi aap ye pura cover krte h??
The problem with this government is bad communication with the ppls
Each State Govt should document successful progressive farmers and these farmers can be used for handholding of rural unemployed youth.
Sirrjii Plss make videos on Ancient and Medevial history
Including Amit shah and modi will also included in this Famine..
Dear viewers, DO MIND which news channel the news is coming from.
Fruad. Where was he all these days.
If I would have a sniper gun I should have shot their flags and their heads fake farmers 
Great Farmers
Proves when public raises voice in unity , impossible is possible
These are vfx released by congress and anti nationals to destroy our country, these are videos of alternative reality
Have you been following Indias massive farmer movement and do you think it will be successful?
Modi should resign
Reform Laws need to be convinced, 
Very nicely and clearly analysed!! Thank you.
Farmers are winner.we all are with farmers. They are real heroes
10k+ farmers die due to the existing system failure to provide good returns to the farmers for their crops which was not created by modi govt.
It's ok If you can't support them but please respect them, they're farmer's not terrorist.indian media telling lies.
Anyone can not save any human lives......
Not on day  but on any day ?
Tailoring a coat suits as much like "Nation Wants To Know"
Hope the police don't leave them this time.... . Warna sale such main dank mar hi denge
Farmers are graveyard for BJP, that is why they are trying every possible way to dipress their voice. Get ready to face the heat!
Itne din soraha tha.
Only Congress...
BJP LOOSING  VOTE BANK THIS BILL WILL   GIVE FARMERS LAND TO CORPORATE FAMILIES
B Mahesh bhat
There is no MSP on vegetable or fruits. Only 6% of total agri output of India is brought through MSP
Well explained 
people living in big cities can not feel how the farmers are suffering
It's because of news channels like you our country is not progressing, selling a bogus agenda when the whole video is transparent and easy to comprehend. There was a time that your channel use to show things of substance but look what you have come to simply not cool
Thank you .... 
There is a difference in pseudo activism and journalism....
Sold media, shame on you,
             action    
No it's a bad decision
If that's not true, PROHIBIT him from working for The Print ! 
Why No Agriculture experts and stake holders are not consulted before launching these 3 new farm laws. Commission of Agriculture of Cost & Pricing a GOVT department ( CACP) issue MSP for 23 essential crops since last many decades, why GOVT of India not making MSP as law for implementation. Why this loop hole for exploitation? 
Shame on u India today
After listening to Abhijeet Banarjee.. first question.. who gave him Nobel Price.. was he listening to himself.. he was contradicting himself so much.. 
I support farmers, 
I think congress should be thankful ki ek saal k liye unhe koi mudda to mila apni raajneeti krne k liye.. but Haan . Ab career dubne wala hai gandhi siblings ka to tension hori hogi unhen.. smjh skte h 
There should be no MSP guarantee 
News ya gand phati ?
Sikhs just like everywhere are peaceful. But we will protect minorities. I am so proud of my brothers and elders for housing Hindus and buddhists
You are absolutely right... But if the farmers are educated they will not be farmers 
Kisan ke liye kya Pehle azadi nahi thi fasal bachne ki dusre state me  ? Private mandi kyu ? Inki tarah idiot ka interview kyu liya ? Please explain how it was beneficial instead of stupid reputation of BJP line .
# ong live indian famers
India the union is on a self destruct path under BJP RSS. Future looks bleak .
Police's energy to fight is from farmer's food,police's salary includes farmer's taxes. And No one is going mind it.
Only A
Bloody politics any party members sale my country for chair
Farmars became looser.APMC DALAL ARE WINER.
Sir your video really helped me alot  thanks you for this fruitful session
4. If all crops in the country are bought then what shall we do with the crops left in the country after consumption?
CANADA P.M hostage to party supporting them & that party SUPPORTS KHALISTAN pannu.
Urban housing societies to be promoted as marketing societies also so that farmers output (FPOs/Rural Coop of youth) can be purchased directly.(These 3 Acts could have been more beneficial for such marketing but now it is a lost opportunenity)
Sell their products
Yes jio rises there prices, but they are not selling 1GB Data for 134 rupee like Airtel doses.
First learn English before you bark 
How can congress at ground level fool people to protest against farmers to fight with government farmers law. 
                          ,,    military  crack down   ,                                                       
This bill left Sharad Pawar nowhere.
Supreme court judges silent why? Because judges sold to bjp
Y class konse batch ki h
This all fake accounts May be  done by RSS IT cell or Modi Andh Bhakts to defame Kissan andhokan.
This is typical strategy of the commies and anarchists. Break the law, provoke the police and when the police take action, they blame the police and play the victim card. Haven't heard of any protests in communist countries like China and North Korea.
The police are not so familiar with water canon, pepperspray..... modern times.... in early days the police had only lathis.   It's the left side on the streets this time
what about latest killing in singhu border? are they farmer or khalistani?
Man,  do you realise this repeal is not about the need for reforms or not? This guy kept dwelling on that infinitely! How lower would you stoop? It's about enacting laws without parliamentary scrutiny, consultation and on a subject that constitutionally is a state subject!
can we get pdf of this lecture
noredro modi & him party supporter, leader & realative behave like adlof hitler.
Shame on that people who dont support farmers
The true meaning of life is to plant trees, under whose shade you do not expect to sit
The consistency and fluency makes you exceptional sir.
Why didnt they show the rest of the video? That those people climbing the outside of the airplane crashed into the ground and died when the airplane was flying!!!! There was a father with a baby on the wing of it in the sky!! Thats just so so sad! 
Godi media is not following traffic rules, crossed red light 
Media is misleading the people the most ,able to see
Oh come on corespondent on Afghanistan in Mumbai? You joking. Why am I paying BBC. What happened to having one in Islamabad
Everyone is at fault farmers, capitalists, government everyone and the sad thing is none of them are concerned about the main issue.... Just money and mandi are the issues for them..... No one is looking at the bigger picture of the works they are doing and have done in the past
The news fake news pelatahe deshdrohi Chennel bikao dalal media Athangkubadi news channel
Am just ashamed of these kind of news channels....shame on you
india to the farmers directly to their bank account which punjab state farmers unions are opposed it because lot of the food grains
Thank you a lot, 
and cant sell to any one outside of the APMC market yards/mandis and 
CM should apologise and resign immediately. Barbaric
Now tax payers should block roads leading to farms of fat farmers
He won't do this when a punjab community butchered an innocent person  just absolute hate for bjp
Samnyta pucha hota logo se to 100 % budget se nakhush hi hote lekin acha setup hi zee ka acha script hi aur actor bhi ache hi to budget acha hi yaha 
This isn't the way to protest putting in danger life and public property and giving inciting speeches
If anyone thinks Farmers protest been success he will be the No.1 fool. It's purely political gimmick. Upcoming elections  and their recent failures have paved way for the withdrawal. Success we yield when the fascism bites the dust in the UP and Punjab elections .
Good public
Not justifying the illegal beating of Policemen but it looks so one sided when the same people don't care of police beating the Public illegally. Yes illegally. Why don't people care for the policies BJP government is making to kill the income of poor. Well at first majority don't understand the policies. There is a common thinking that men is suit can do any wrong with their pen and still people won't understand but when a poor person do something visible than it becomes the only crime commited
India is a right wing nazi nation and they will be their own downfall thats for sure
The Reptilian or Primal Brain
Just 2 days back our NSA had made a statement about modern warfare and how our civil society is being used. We are in a state of war - but not conventional one. 
He's only done it now which took a year later so he can win the next election. To gain more votes!!
Main target Upcoming Punjab election 2022. Politic card.
You got my heart sir thanku  so much This is best video
has to bring bcz shopkeers loot us..
He did it for elections. BJP was reduced to nothing in Punjab. Now, they may get a seat or two. Farmers feared the big private companies. Companies always do business for their own profit. Farmers arent idiots. People think they know better that farmers themselves?
The Govt for the people or for the  Gujarat rich people ,Neither for poor or for cheating leaders,wait for the elections ,puplic teach the lessons for the cheating Business people
They are starving 
Oh my God that is India, the biggest democracy of the world .Police is being hella brutal. LOL
  ...RAAM   ...     !
Company fit meter
idea is to take staples and put them in plastic packets in malls or Jio Mart in
Give respect rakesh tikait baldy news anchor
Modi saved Hindus by backing the farm laws. SFJ(Sikh terror group) with collaboration of Fake farmers like tikaith(funded by China) has planned big way to kill hindus in the name of Farm laws. 
I can see misleaded farmers on road...who don't have understanding about what is right for him in only for short term but also in long term....
*Share this SDM Shit*
But you as all rulers stsnd unconvinced Is obvious and rather sad yo Interpret.
 Use krein colgate zigzag to get rid of the food stuck in your teeth
So happy to hear that farmers won
Good Act by Government for farmers
sorry I am from Australia so trying to understand, most farms in India are very small between 5 and 10 acres, are farmer afraid that they will lose the minimum support price, there for they will eventually need to sell their land. Large companies start to buy farms on mass and effectively destroy farming communities ? But would I be wrong in saying that a  solution might be to form co operatives in the local farming communities to create a stronger bargaining position ?
All the gurus of Sikhs were Hindus. Guru Govind Singh ji constituted the Khalsa panth and  most Hindu families sent one son to serve the panth and guruji. The Guru Granth Sahib resonates with the vedic philosophy so much. So, how are the Sikhs different from the Hindus?
Delhi police blocked the roads with cement barricades, concertina wires and iron nails.
can get the ppt of the video
Best form of Government is Panchyat system which is based on 5 Qualifed leadership of community voted into office by the people. 2 leaders out of five leaders are changed every 3 years using blockchain system and new 2 members are added to join the other 3 leaders by the people. This system can be modernized by some of the fine eastern and western minds with scientific and spiritual background. American constitution is a keeper should be incorporated. 
It was a clear explanation  thank you
This SDM does not deserve to be public servant .. why he forget his oath that we people of India not enemies ..
Big loss for India
8) See Pakistani fake news propaganda that Indian Govt is against Sikhs! Not one opposition politician or farmer leader refuted this! 
Farmers are the number one that uplift the nations full support should give to them.
Get ready for second wave of US Cairns and Monsanto through Ambani Kiran with this bill.
Someone needs to slap this stupid reporter! She is so arrogant of the situation, all she is bothered about is that the farmers have blocked the highway. These farmers are putting their lives at risk, she is thinking of something so silly. Wow, as the media person she needs to be neutral. Learn to be professional.
Wow. Farmers know how to make Supreme Jumlebaaz sweat like a pig.
In the present situation, middle men are eating most of the money of farmers since dey buy agriculture goods for very low price and sell it fa higher. But according to new bill. He can sell it directly to corporates fa higher prices, but the thing is MSP should be continued. Even in the covid condition agriculture GDP is +4.6 where as other sectors are in negatives Giving better pricing for the farmers produce would bring miracles in agriculture.There are pros n cons... Whatever but farmers have to b benifitted.
Copy of abhi and niyu even examples too.. Lol
Sir why Indian soldiers are not help afganistan why
*The Trader has to pay the GST on Rs 500 Crs & Income Tax on its income by selling it up-stream*.  
The politicians, press, administration, enforcement, crime syndicates have been bought over. These anti nationalist group is working tirelessly to destroy india. The war wont be at the borders of india, it will be in the streets of indian cities.
RSS and Modi are corporate terrorists killing innocent people and looting India.  India no longer is a democratic country
"Farmers across the country are protesting the farm bills" Is this thing true? AFAIK only the farmers from Punjab, Haryana and UP are protesting. What about other parts of the country? Can you guys do ground reporting on the other parts of the country to know their opinions?
Should have just exempted Punjab and western UP.
police have beaten protestors - had unlawful roadblocks.. thrown stones...guide people into red fort
What ever they (Hindus) done in past with Sikhs. Khalistan moment should be serious and make proper progress in it.
Yeh he apologised after 1 year. Why wouldnt they clash with the police after one year of camping on the streets, not eating properly,suffering harsh cold weather, 700 Sikhs have died in the peaceful protests. How many governement officials died? A clash is nothing after a year of being treated like sub humans AFTER THE Sikh holocoust of 1984 and sikhs being kidnapped tortured and killed by the governement on a regular basis. Sikhs have shown their insane amount of patience camping outside for ONE WHOLE YEAR whilst the WORLD MEDIA AND GOVERNMENTS have FAILED to report propey on the Largest Protests in History. 700 dead for the rights of farmers. The Indian governement wanted this to drag on, and were probably waiting for Sikhs to give up, but Sikhs are warriors, taught not to give up. They have suffered the most inhumane indignities and atrocities by the Indian Governement yet continue to endure.
The commissioner of Delhi police must resign as he failed to deliver a proper plan to save the Police officers and Delhi.
Farmers win 
Why can't Anurag Thakur  to do a Goli maro roar on the farmers? 
Now 75 days farmers have peacefully protest but govt didnt respond
AAJ KAL KE TIME ME GINDGI BHAR JISNE CHORI KI ETNE TIME TAK OHH BHI AAJ GYAN DE RHE HAI KOI NHI CHAHE JITNI POWOR LGANA HAI LAGA LE MODI IS KING AND YOGI JI NEXT MP JAI SHREE RAM
SALUTE TO YOU     ...
Sir ji new RM SEED me session pe niche me kya lagti h
He shluld be dismissed atleast temporary till the complete probe is done and justice comes out
pan thok kr bol.thotal seth
After Destroying their own future now they are heading to thier homes !!
Punjabi  people want more money .
Today you are showing the news of this peasant movement. Why didn't you show it tomorrow? Please support the peasants or else the country will be ruined.
Did you see the guy waving at the camera, did he look like he was panicking?
Kartarpur Gurdwara was "closed" for Precautions from Corona, & it's Open now. Very Simple. Gurdwara was not closed for any disputes.
Jhoota
It was a victory for Indian farmers, but it was a national failure
Sir apke  videos  bahut  acche  h  ap thoda  currently  ka fiscal. Revenue. Primary   kaa  bataye
Rahul please  don't attach sefran with ..bjp ..
I hope Rihanna watches this video.
Apki bt bht achhi h arwaz bhai
 tell the world Jesus is coming back.and pray every day in GOD
Yo chenl bnd hov ga ib t sb t phle...... Bhnchodo..... Thm u nhi dikhate ye police wale Goli b Mar h.. Lathicharj kr h.... Kitni mot holi... U nhi dikhate thm.... Httt sale ghtiya chnel wale..... Modi ke cmche
Government started violence by setting barricades, and doing lathi charge, using water cannons and crying bombs. They are protesting about more than 6 months why government is not repealing 3 black laws, it's not a big deal to repeal! How much patience and tolerance a human being can have?
Nothing but political drama setup by opposition parties and bunch of khalistanis
Democracy is failed today
Fake, Fake,, MSP is normally Higher price,, How many such Gaddar Communists have Sold Crops at MSP,, They all are playing
Statue of unity, election rally, election security, more than 2000 VVIP's security..... Sir ye kharcha bhi to hamaare TAX per hi hota hai...... 
Sir,no need to meet these culprits.
What about that farmers who died in protest 
Unnecessary Agitation by farmers when farm bill is already postponed for 2 years by court, and Bills are in favour of Farmers only
Every citizen of India must watch the Rajya sabha video of passing these bills.
Where ever open market has been formed , the ones who are willing to provide better services have gained  more profits .
Godi media is the biggest enemy of my nation
I have been to punjab recently and vibe was not at all good. Some sense of superiority always present there.
where is khalsa flag ..
Now this so called middlemen is a millions of decentralised small medium  business people and  in India. I agree they have friction. Which should be addressed slowly and steadily day by day.
Fatal law passed by Modi .ALLAH  help all these farmers. Indian Govt's conspiracy against poor farmers.
Most cowardice decision of this govt
Bahut misinformed  hai bechara , koi na abhi umr bhi aisi hi hai , may God bless this kid with even better brains , Good orator 
India  today, thankyou  for portraying the truth properly.
Jay shree Ram
8 minute thank you for not taking this video hours and hours thankyou good job
We stand with you 
Atul chorsia...is a man who rost people with smiley face..who invent dankapati...hahaha
America and the mother of all terror on this earththe Great Great Great Britain is the treasury of the Taliban. Taliban can survive till the end of time, till western economic imperialism continues to thrive on earth. But the invincible white man has now to grapple with third world menaces like floods and viruses. So maybe the end game has begun Amen
These are not farmers for sure.. anti India elements propagated by Khalistani terrorists and opposition parties
This is the diplomacy of pm modi  
The Farmers of India Won. Laws have been taken Back  by the government . INDIAN ONCE AGAIN SHOWED THE WHOLE WORLD THROUGH PEACEFUL WAYS DETERMINATION AND COMMITMENT PEOPLE OF THE COUNTRY CAN WIN. MAHATMA GANDHI'S IDEOLOGY ONCE AGAIN WORKED IN THE 21ST CENTURY TOO  Love from India
Protest is our right.
That's why misscomunication is bad.
cruel government this needs to be changed. the District Magistrate needs to be suspended
Government manei corruption
Women were never even treated like a human in Afghanistan because of the Taliban when they weren't there many people mostly women have achieved great heights now that they are back we people all over the world must help save the Afghan woman by protesting online we can't let Taliban win this time they are the criminals in the eyes of humanity these people need to be taught a lesson they are literally taking all the human rights from people of Afghanistan
App logo key pass aur koy news ney hai jo is type news dekhatey ho
Self obsessed      ,     ?
Good conversation Terrible Audio Effects
Where is Ravish kumar ?
 pls said MLA babbli to keep his mouth shut , and your propaganda , nothing of this can happen
Next on travel list of modiji is Afghanistan waiting to have beef briyani with talibanis
This is indian farmer.....
right from 2014 this govt had been pushing anti-development policies, the pet subject of Modi - shah. Two stupid are ruining the nation
Farmers will gherao ur republic tv office very soon.
I feel like it's some kind of game some bastard is playing to dissolve the credibility of farmers, and I am not saying I am true just question the possibility anything of your choice before you believe something
Both govt +farmers are rgt we can allow both so that there will be no protest. Although farmers are the lifeline of pur country
May India prosper in the shadow of truth and harmony 
Hallo sir i am ajay Sharma me ek app Bana rha tha uske liye kuch information chahiye to aap se contact kese Karu aapke number mill sakte hain please sir
How to support  old acts
India has every right to carry out farm reforms. These farmers don't seem to understand that the free market system will help them become more productive and wealthier. The socialist system will not change their current status. Their children will inherit that sad existence under the current system.
Some argue that there is no tax on farm income in India. This argument doesn't stand a closer and fact based scrutiny. The minimum limit of taxable income in India is about Rs. 500,000. A huge majority of the farmers will never touch this limit even if they were to earn at their full MSP. So where is the benefit of this exemption? And, does that also exempt a farmer from the indirect taxes that he has to pay for every other item of farm input? GST has to be paid on every tool, service, seeds, diesel.
Chotokar anchor iske bacchon ko sharm nahin aati. Jiska baap itna chatokar ho bo bacche School kaise jaate Hain UN ko sharm nahin aati ki school ke bacche hamare bare mein kya sochte hoge.
Support laws
We need to stop the dominance and arrogance of the Punjabis!
Good Modi realised that he is not king and farmers and common people are the ones who run this country
Sincerely we should feel shame to select  this arrogant person as a india  representive very very bad
Finally reality  is out......
We can dibate about why our farmers income not increasing throughout decades?
Modi already failed Candidate of bringing blackmoney back..
Ye fir rone wala hai 
BJP must be taught a lesson...farmers will do that...
It's proven that only farmers know how to stand up to this govt. They had nothing left to lose. Middle class will never come out in numbers to protest against the numerous Bullshit laws implemented by this govt as they have to worry about their daily roti kapda makaan. Hats off to the farmers!
The Paddy being a tropical crop is most unsuited in Punjab and Hariyana except Basmati Rice. Hence MSP for Paddy in this area should be done away with. 
What happened now a days, I don't know... this Imandar reporter's volume has been decreased.
It's been done by Ankit das cousin of congress MP Akhilesh das...
It's just as Anna Andolan, as congress lose it power.......... Vice-versa
why is sitaram wearing a mask on screen ??
Normal news.. Its always happen to poor people in India.. Case closed..
What happened on 26th January ......
Mr Kejriwal drama is house arrest fully diluted the farmers protest barat bandh
Well done . Solid crisp facts
This all knowing foolish commentator puts on airs of a great analyst. No, he is just a busybody. Modi stuck with so many more difficult decisions, so no chickening out !
May God's Curse be upon him and on his Tyrant Team..
Congress monarch  and other small parties and their puppets who trying to divide and rule and enjoy rule.. do gotalas and take public money    .  Only money  hungry
This is very different story ..
They can't do any strike because Pakistan will finish all the agreements with NATO if they violate our air space they will be shot down.
Please do a video of repercussions of withdrawal of farm laws .
What level of evil can they go to .
Great information....You made it really simple to understand...
Godi ABP...shame on your journalism too.
But when Indian Govt tries to copy paste the same Laws here all the International media starts crying for farmers why didn't they support their farmers from their countries
When farmers: please stay safe, we are with you..
 AMRINDER lied, instigates knowing  2022 he will LOSE election.
another solution by an IAS teacher and PhD Dr , watch this one 
Please teach some journalism to our indian media
Did u just said "squirrel's "..excuse me Shree Ram helpers they were. Mind ur language.. It's was Shree Ram who made chipmunk outta squirrel's.. How dare u.. The world wants to know.. 
He wants a ticket from a party.. request tokait to tell  about his property as well
It may not be Modiji's defeat, but it definitely is the defeat of all those who trusted him and voted for him. Do we mean nothing to him? Is political expediency all that matters? Did we or did we not vote for his more than 300 MPs because we expected them to know what they are doing? Then either they should not be passing laws that they don't think are worthwhile or they should not go back on them because a couple of lacs "farmers" stop all traffic for a whole year. Then why did the Delhi population suffer for so long? Are large roads only meant to be places where the opposition stops traffic and holds the entire public there to ransom? Is this what Modi is telling them? This is nonsense. If allowing himself to be blackmailed into backing out of perfectly good laws shows his 56 inch chest, then I'd much rather it is not advertised. He has proved himself to be another Vajpayee. Vajpayee gave in to the terrorists and Modi gives in to "farmers" from Canada. Very disappointing.
well if it isnt sparky_1981 from twitch dead centre smacking the guy with the riot shield who has to be flowapowa42o.
thq for information
Thank you so much. We need people like you
*Article 19(2)*- Nothing in sub clause (a) of clause (1) shall affect the operation of any existing law, or prevent the State from making any law in so far as such law imposes reasonable restrictions on the exercise of the right conferred by the said sub clause in the interest of the sovereignty and integrity of India, the security of the State, friendly relations with foreign States, public order, decency or morality or in relation to contempt of court, defamation or incitement to an offence.
Me: Islam is Peaceful
A true HUMAN itarian. 
Is cop ki promotion fix hai...
This bill is always good for small and medium  farmers....larger farmers any how they will manage and have influence in all APMC ....with out privatisation no sector will grow ... because of  privatisation today we have many different private sector job  .....
Rahul Gandhi Zindabad Priyanka GANDHI JI, ZINDABAD Our beloved Gandhi family.. Save this country from RSS BJP God bless you.
Now bill has been taken back still issues are going on instead of stop protests they are counting??
This is the fake most movement,  totally fraud, for bidder causes, for caste & sectarian pride, a bully movement... Unprecedented,  of course had many trials,  will have more such fake struggles as even this could draw 'international celebrity' attention.... mobilized fake activism of misguided 'left-right' simplistic dichotomy... Where at the end of the struggle neither the protesters, nor its supporters, nor the media that backed it up with fake narratives have no clue what they support, or what they oppose... this kind of big drama is possible more.... the huge diversity of India is taken for a ride in the social media world of surrealist fakery.
Main to yeh kehta hun..ki 10 lac se uper income walon ko income tax me leke aao
And they Have come to Destroy Pakistan !!!! BRuh!!!
Don't leave the protest site till Modi's resignation..hold on..
These middlemen/ Dallas should be dealt with heavy hand! They have already been given a long rope to goondas like Tikait and other khalistani supporters
Still this decision has more advantages. And the disadvantages are mostly based on imaginations that it can Happen  or what if this happens. For now it will be profitable for Farmers.
Whoever's it is they are teaching us the value of democracy.
Great bro
I never supported farm laws, but i fully support CAA.
Farmers are in the field...they are politically motivated "farmers"..
Old the best  kisan
Same middle man processes he hay.
This is just like how USA created choas in Libya,Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan,iran, Yemen...... where ever USA goes it will destory peace......same where ever Hindus goes it will create communalism in every part of nation in World
This is the beginning of the end of BJP rule!
This is real bad. That guy had no reason to run over the policemen. There is a way to protest. Each government wanted to pass these laws and now everyone is playing politics around it. The opposition and govt should work together to strengthen the laws as they are not good for farmers in the current form. Even the prevailing system can be manipulated so there has to be some amendment done to protect small farmers.
Filthy turbans
India is a country where people just ignore. they don't support each other. farmers were protesting in cold winters, what did the government do???? They just ignored them as if everything is normal
Marre Gaye Kisano ke Gharwalo ko 45 Lakh Cash & One Government Job But What About the Other 4 BJP Workers & 1 Journalist, Jinko Peet Peet ke Lynching Karke Mar diya.. No Help.. Please  ye Mudda Uthayiye.. Inko Bhi Arthik Madad Milni Chahiye
RESERVATION ONCE IN LIFE ONE IN FAMILY AND FOR EWS ONLY must be implemented
Chup teri
pahle sab kuch chheen lo fir wapas kr do wo bhi itne din bad in sb me nuksan to garibo ka hi hua h 
Dhruv rathi i proud of your intelligent country remember you for ever ,,p
Normally not, but since he is the co-conspirator and partner in crime he should. But then you don't expect any decent thing to do by these lumpen politicians. Government thrives on these criminal elements. Politics has been the first resort of scoundrels.
*Just wait and Watch*
We support Sikh community 
Be Realist, farmers are angry YES but why the HELL anti social Khalistani and Tukde-2 Gang posters are allowed?? Can someone answer HONESTLY?? Why only PUNJAB farmers are getting TRAPPED in LIES and fabricated FEARS. How they know it is not good? Why farmers of rest of India have started benefiting from this law. Give atleast 1-2 years to see how effective or ineffective it is? Right now, just blind assumptions presumptions illusions and misinformation by opposition and Pseduo secular urban naxals, nothing else. Govt already in talks but see ARROGANCE no we dont want AMENDMENTS but only REPEAL? This law is introduced after weeks of discussion in Parliament and those who are opposing now were supporting this? Why? UPA congress has it in their manifesto and their leaders endorsed this in Parliament during their term. Now U-Turn? Meaning theyre eyeing Punjab elections in 2022  as their middlemen (they are RICH with their kids settled abroad) vote bank and money funding to state govt with lot of taxes etc that will get HIT and Farmers will directly get BENEFIT. With research and suggestions from farmers, unions etc for months this came as law for benefit, Modi has been saying since 2016-17 that he wants to double farmer income by 2022.
ye channel critics turant hata deta hai agar critics rakhata hai Ravish kumar ka game end chennel fake tarif ke commets add karta hai
Felt glad to see the comments of Educated people..who believe in truth
Very helpful video in simple language
I asked comman indian to get behind the central government and asked the to take strict actions against tikait and this so called kissan andolan
You idiots are supporting traitors. Parliament has passed a Law. It is the duty of Police to enforce it. Police failed in their duty
Thankyou so much
Now CM will not attend any events nor he will go for any events 
For me Dhruv Rathi proved to be a hypocrite when he didn't post a single video about Bengal violence.Where were you when there was a massacre in Bengal with people.
Brilliant documentary.
Don't try to convert India into China
This govt is not for farmers.. This govt is only for businessman...
Farmer road wrong?
Good to discard sombody else's surname.
Positive sides nicely avoided.
Very DANGEROUS.....CIVIL war's coming.
This removal of law due to few groups might result to small farmers would suffer more
anna became chamch of Brast Janata Party and Feku
Shame on Indian army 
Sir eak bar front camera aana .. Apki awaz bohot familiar Ho gaye hair.. Thank you very much......
Khattar is Tatoo of the highest level
I respect them but they are not allowed to down the Indian flag
If someone shows you black flag,should you kill them by your car????
Election. Modi is a Great Lier in the
Farmers are fighting for Country
No one can beat punjabi's . We are children of Guru Gobind singh.  Ye bjp andhbhakt , kangna all are just dust ..... nothing.
Right step
There are 40 million Afghans and each of them believes the Durand Line was established by a Christian man to divide Muslims. Enforcing the line is promoting Christian war on Islam. One nation cannot go and choose its border. That's what British India (now Pakistan) did. In Islam, this is haram (unlawful) but the Pakistanis think it is halal (lawful).
We honorabl  president do  need fol as  as posipl
Shameful, calling police and administration taliban.
5. Many many more if you read 3 bills clearly.
Joke of the year:- Ticait is a farmer. . 
Farmers are thr real heroes  to hell with this govt  its time to show them the true meaning of democracy and power of the common man 
Stupid as one can be. Votes are never given on development, it's given on emotions and religion..and when you do that...you end up having people like him.. 
Not allowed deshdrohi Dhrna virus m.......
He is right just give one good alternative of Modi and BJP will loose election
Govt has failed to convey the message clearly. Its only the farmers who always face the heat. Better convey messages first then launch such bill otherwise farmers are not trusting govt anymore.
In my life i saw one of the best cutiyaa anchor yu buddha
Its too late guys. I think we are all doomed. Pray for urself and for ur family to stay safe in this country...
No, they are not protester but terrerist.....Police must shoot..
These farmers are actually from Punjab and Haryana
its only a protest of corrupt apmc  traders...who eat both consumer like us and farmer
We Stand with farmer 
Sanjeev Ballian you are spreading rumors
Good... I think the class of farmers who keep
BJP ka Dlla Badwa police officer
Why only Punjab farmers are rich? Why not rest of the Indian Farmers?.. Something fishy..
Its clear Modi govt doesn't want to give money to poor farmers. Normally center has to give compensation to farmers now the govt doesn't want to give that. On top of that making it easy for crony capitalist like Adani to procure easily at cheap price and sell it to other countries.
Bring back bhagat singh, to see wht these political parties have done to india
9th Floor, Prakashdeep Building, Tolstoy Marg, New Delhi 110001
I can bet if he can spell the word " Democracy " correctly ...
Bad bad politics...
These people are silent when pakistan govt sent terrorists killing sikhs. These people are funded by pakistan and china
Chor sale
I m also farmer . thanks to modi ji
Now everyone is talking about aryan khan. News channels are reporting that farmers burnt their cars. What else they should have done?  The bjp ministers crushed the farmers under his vehicle...jallianwala bagh 2
None.. for nation security..
Poor boy Arnab
STOP the nonsense.
We stand with farmers
These people, if they calls themselves annadata, I f***ing dont need their anna. Btw I pay for that anna like any other product or service. They are not doing charity. We are doing charity because we are subsidising them to the hilt along with no income tax, free electricity, free water, subsidised fertiliser, high mandi tax. I would like to see the pseudo liberals giving a positive spin to this insurrection.
Just for sake of vote bank.
Indian farmers and workers held the biggest industrial action in human history with over 250 million people out on strike. wow
One must also refer the recent purchase of three future group  companies by reliance.
Adutha criminal plain da Punjab farmers total india farmers appu da ready modified modi transformer of seed free to farmers and urias seed with animals disease virus urias with extreme chemicals the Amanda modi da
Big loss to farmers...n democracy lost again in front of paid protestors..
1. Let any political party be but once decided to oppose government LAW, DEVELOPMENT, POST AND POSITION all will be done on roads till cases in Supreme Court and High Courts gather from any people
Brother what you are saying is the silver lining that is hiring the ugly truth from all of us, why are we not looking it in long run. What private firm do is that they trap in suppliers with golden words n et into a contract with them, n becoz of the honey words farmers will go on toward them, n Mandie's will get a hit from that, when there will be no supply mundies will stop working n get closed at that time private firms will be able to take advantage of the situation because farmers will be contract bounded, why this bill doesn't give a proper method to solve the disputes, that are going to occur in future only appalate level, what the fuck is that, faint firms like jio mart that you mentioned can go to supreme court with big corporate lawyers, how do you suppose a group of 40 farmers can fight that situation in long run, is what is the issue with government not including msp in outside Mandi transaction, they are already tax free, it is a good deal for private firms.
THIS IS REAL HINDU WHO SUPPORT FARMERS 
The only thing I support owiasi is that his statement on CT Ravi that he is child in international politics that he doesnt know anything , CT Ravi is a big thief
Actor number one .
Feku killed lakhs of people by his stupid decisions be it demonetization, Implementation of GST, mishandling of corona and now farm laws..this old shit is more dangerous than corona
i need customization for anaj broker please call 9620897124
4. Why UK PM john borrison not visited to celebrations quoting covid to escape. As they alert from their security personnel 
India is going to distroyd by politics."already"
 UP     UP         
Sir.. ground reality of present protest is..the MSP is not included in New policy... farmers want it should be added in writing not verbal ..on TV channels... Govt has refused to purchase MAKEE at MSP rate of 1600 per quintal..fixed by govt..says... farmers r free to cell elsewhere....tpt cost will boost... further pvt. agencies are not ready pay more than 600 per quintal for Makee against MSP of 1600/- Farmers say..either govt purchase MAKEE at MSP or order pvt. agencies to purchase at MSP.
We are with our farmers
That's amazing
I have a question here. There is a list of food  grains on which MSP is applied but why there is no diversification of crops? Is MSP not paid as is being paid for wheat and rice in Punjab and Haryana?
Ye apne shaql pe tamacha h up ka election
Looks like this guy is going to cry for lollipop any moment. Just cut the crap and talk on topic
Judiciary Reforms. At any Cost. No Compromise. Need of the hour.
Only legend reporter can talk n saw the truth..
Bill pass kiya to oppose krre the, bill repeal kre to oppose Krna h.
Dekho in Rajneetik giddho ko, inhen koi mtlb hai country se ? ... Sirf inki politics chalni chahiye.
As a common indian I was very disappointed and feel insecure. No faith in supreme court and even in Central government. If These kind of kisan then no difference in devile and these kissan sorry to say
India lost his all investment and mourning. Time will come when Taliban and Pakistan enter India and Indians be like = Raam humen paida hi q kia. Lol tumhen paida hi pakistan k hathon zaleel krny k liye hai.
Sir do ground reporting in punjab as you are doing in uttarpradesh... people opinion on election
M not supporter of congress or BJP...but if we don't oppose this today...then bjp , congress , everyone will do the same and get away with it....
Anchor BJP ke agent hai kya
What is the meaning of being a republic nation if we Can't even prove what our preamble says... 
He should win Oscar for these performances
Modi acted like Fascist Dictator in a Democratic country. He needs to take people along with him to bring much needed reforms. His solution was a BIG CON on the Indian people. The wealthy will have sewn up the market by controlling supplies. This was a classic Hindu Brahmin Elitist CON !!!
Fair and Remunerative Price of Sugarcane is approved by Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs.
Ab atleast bjp mp mla will atleast can go on road of up Punjab haryana
Great Work!! Very Well explained clear and concise.
Punjab saved Indian Democracy once again.
Apmc mandi is not removed or getting removed..
Jai kisan jai zawan Yogi ji will become again CM of up sure because he is honest i trust him
Guys we won today 
Very good presentation.nothing wrong with agricultural acts.there cannot be any improvement without changes.we must use modern technology and machinery  and marketing storage and transport .methods.
Maturity is when you realise this is all tactics to win election in UP and punjab... Ekk teer se do nishane 
BJP.has determined to save culprits.Remand drama once over he will be released free
Go back to your cave Mr savage
Ppl dont vote for this actor , he has told us the meaning of accha din
Informatic video
Supreme court is as fair as modi .
No politicians think of better future for farmers . if it was they would have paid them respect and listened to them. Every one wants a better commission in some deal , there are some big bulls wanting to enter in this field and mint money .
Where heavy highness hounds Harbour highlights  of  farmers  there' radicalisation  develops towards  crisis in the country  ll .
26 march nhi 26 January
You claim farm laws are good for farmers. I'm a farmer and I don't find anything good in the law. Declaration of MSP is of no use unless the buyers are forced into not buying below MSP.
Sikhism is becoming new Islam. God bless  all
Sir msp and total cost ka kruv bnaye
to bankrupt india financially from within
He gone for his turban there , this is not first time police doing this with sikh
India is loosing in 4rth generation warfare 
She is being arrested after 6 pm...that too without a warrant. SO shameful!
Bcoz India is capable in IT , in few years ago it was declared that we will have everything  chinese and now we have our own  IT,
DJ sir, I have been a fan for your unbaised analysis however in recent, intentionally or unintentionally you are making comments that looks biased and anti-BJP, whether we like it or not current BJP weigh many things before making decision that's what makes them famous and able to rule in a very diversified country like ours.
This is a GREAT WIN for FARMERS AND FOR ALL OF INDIA
What's its use when it is not guaranteed
The fundamental mistake in approach which is being done by Indians is to look at BJP as a political party; because it is not. Period. 
All are paid..they have no idea of what farmer Bill is..paid by Aap and congress..
InshAllah next u turn will be of Kashmir..a slap on the face of Modis government.
*COVID has left the chat. honestly, I'm surprised cases haven't spiked there with all those protests*
All parties , all citizens , all should get together and throw this liar , tyrant modi in 2024
People loosing respect for Sikhs. This is what pakistan wants
I hope for India's sake and the world that the protest are successful, and that Modi is ousted and replaced with someone much more progressive in 2024!
Disadvantages of these laws was
This is India. These are little games that is played now and then. Enjoy the drama!
Its not biggest failure of modi instead its biggest failure of farmers and win win for mediators
Mla s mp s minister s etc can ask for reducing their remuneratiins  they are serving people  self less   is it not
Terrorism Has No Religion .....
I am frightened for all the law abiding citizens and for those who do not support Modi shah Bjp because they have criminals heading meetings for the nation
Unless they destroy agriculture sector by making it an extremely non-viable occupation, they will not be able to FORCE the farmers to SELL their lands at CHEAP prices to (i) agents of plutocrats or/and (ii) Government. On one side they are planning to acquire large parcels of land from small land holders and on the other hand it over smoothly to plutocrats. This is what Modi and Co has been doing in Gujarat for so many years. They are trying out the same in other parts of India as well. 
Pl let there be farmers' rally, then only all other Indian rally behind Modi. People nowadays  know what is a justifiable agitation. People are no more fools to get opinionated by opposition parties and biased TV wallas.
main thing is that farmers are not ready to hear at all.....so gov also should not introduce any reform for these fools....there is clearly written in bill no land of farmers will be taken....and if farmers do not agree with corporates to sell there produce then do not sell and anyway i think in open market without trade farmer can sell at a better price....and its not that farmers are not getting MSP ...they are getting more msp as compared to 2014.....so i think we must support farm bills...
Why sikh want help of INDIAN GOVT?
Hey santanu.. It's a huge request plz can u make video for static gk for cmat. Like general awareness .. Famous places., temples, medicines
Very.  Mcey
This report doesnt have the main protest site visuals
Real Me  Only B J P & C P I M Win Everywhere 
Very well explained sir thank you
Proud of u ... bjp get out from india
The person deep sandhu who raise flag on red frot have no FIR ???but kissan leader charge FIR ???dallal
If they were Muslims, people would have been shouting goli maro salon ko but because they are Sikhs and a large portion of Indian army are Sikhs, the govt cant afford to antagonise the families of armed soldiers. 
He is not a poor farmer
One nation one india
10. Eight MP's were suspended from Parliament that day. This left the house empty. 15 bills were passed through parliament in the absence of these suspended MP's because the opposition was eliminated.
Literally laughing at those who was calling this govt fascist.
The day democracy constitution and farmers wrote history
All those commenting do u know c2+50.   Check it plz
Only Akhilesh Yadav in UP 
-> There is nothing wrong with Farmers selling Produce to Big Companies, These Big Companies employ Thousands of Indians and export to Foreign Nations, Bringing back lots of revenue to India.
This is from both sides.
Everyone, Please remember, How beneficial were other bills passed by BJP gov, Only beneficial for corporate houses. they are not thinking of people only ambani, andani.... *BSNL fail JIO dhandhandhan*
Next election m iski seat pakki
Farmers  ofcourse  very important. 
T - 6 months - going by bjp's latest hijacked lineage, a riot 6 months ahead of elections is expected. Usually it would be against "transporting beef" or keeping 200 gms of mutton in fridge or a hindu girl marrying a non hindu man etc. This time they got an easier enemy - the farmer. Its a little late this time, usually this would be done in September. Anyway i am happy that bjp didnt break its legacy and hige expectations of people like me. Welcome to the new world created by social media, fired by human's oldest virtue - gossiping and rumour mongering. Be it, somebody wearing mask or somebody eating beef or somebody marrying somebody - the mad crowd can easily generate an interest in that matter and that can be controlled by dubious politicians who appeared to have dedicated their entire life for "bharat mata"!!!
Propaganda based and fake explanation galatl jankari
This successful protest   credit always goes to farmers and ndtv and ravish Kumar....
23:20 what a nice behaviour !! Sikhs are too good !! Respect 
This is a sad day for those who do farming . As a farmer of 8 generations of farming, and a IT specialist with law background, I am sure that this legislation would have changed the farming community in next 10 years. No one will dare it for next 25 years .
South Indian farmers not involved in protest, that means Farms law has some pro and cons. Why u not shown interest in discussion.?
          4                view                  youtuber                         
Pls provide pdf too
These are not farmers ....dacoits..
NCAER Study on Bihar: https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/media/5e58f1e0d3bf7f06ffcfec7d/Bihar-Nov_Final_Rev-nov.pdf
We'll laud the Greta Thunbergs of the world, but can't fathom that a child from our land could feel this way. Remember, she comes from a community Shaheed Bhagat Singh belonged too, and he was only 23 when he gave his life for our country. She's just reciting a poem, so chill. If you can't support her enthusiasm and true patriotism, don't promote her intent as malicious.
Election waiting
Rahul Kanwal is best, he's a very honest and unbiased journalist,I thought India Today is also a leftist channel funded by jehadis missionaries and congress but Rahul Kanwal won my heart this time,all the very best 
Nebraska grain will not send to local multi processing in USA only to India Culture no grew always there
Oppose all bills, BJP making India weak.
Hey anchor-kaise lagta agar tumare family me se koi is car ke niche aata?
Negative talk on BJP.... Future it impact..,.. ambhani growing day by because of this type beneficial bills 4g,CAB
Moti vote Bank gayo.... people are now aware about BJP RSS agenda.
How u feeling opposition??
Bjp is the reason of this kind of lawlesssness.
Modi government eats food r shit?
3.  In 2019 farmers can't sell their 
Take all revolut sir in comprehensive way. For fast revision plz. This is helping me for upsc preparation.
New international border has moved to Delhi. Waste of public funds - what a joke Indian government has become.
Love, prayer & respect!  
I would request Modiji , you also take loan and give free everything..we don't believe in future , let's think just present.. Desh ka jo hona hai..hone de
This is what democracy is 
all you BJP haters just tell me how come BJP keep winning election after election and why leftist parties are nothing but joke
Is your Channel getting  paid to Report this ? .
Abi tk protest bilkul sahi ja rha tha, mitti palit kr k rkh di. Disrespecting the Indian flag is heights.
This withdrawal is done to primarily satisfy the Supreme COURT  and politically to install a govt led by SRI AMARINDER SINGH IN PUNJAB. But  another aspect to the Farm Laws withdrawal  is as under.
Long live revolution. Long live India. Jai hind. 
They will face many problems now
This Republic Day- Farmers Bill
We need reforms in APMC n MSP system with good intentions.
I hate u
Shame on you guys who support these kind of riots. Have the backbone to condemn violence. You can support farmer protests, criticize government and still condemn all that happened. If you are still supporting it, you should seriously rethink about it .There is no justification for it. 390 police officers injured protecting civil order. Hats off to them.
The Wire & NDTV are extreme left, their job is to always peddle anti-india narrative
Well done to all the farmers very emotional time for everyone 
Very good behavior of elected representative
FRIENDS NOW WHAT MORE TO EXPLAIN TO EXPOSE ABOUT TRAITOR CONGRESS PARTY.
Sedition for assault,even after the recent SC/CJI's observation that these outdated British laws should be repealed ?!
To be fair  protesting 2 months in such cold weather, 140+ deaths of farmers, being called anti national and terrorists and facing police brutality can break anyone's patience
Give them free visas to Afghanistan. Lazy kissan we do not need here, we have enough hard working farmers here. Because of these termite our hard working farmers are not respected and they ate up all the farmers profit from sale. I knew very well even free or subsidy manure and seed from govt will be sold at higher rate to the poor farmer. I hope hell waiting for all those fake farmer all over the country
Shame on the modi government and the corrupt media for ignoring the real issue. KISAAN ZINDABAAD!
Punjabis and All those protesting... You are the best in the world.. This protest has made history.. If anyone knows how to fight for justice its deffo the Sikhs... Big big respect from the UK
later industry taxes raw material procurement to making finished goods trader middlemen then 
Shameless ministers
2. post dialogue with farmers and govt ,On december 9th clarified with 10 point 
Thank you sir its so aidful keep providing
Now how this so called farmer netta Asked modi to double the farmers income... 
None has a guds to defend dictatorship of modi.comen people only look communel issues in north india thats why bjp hold power .only karnataka ruled bjp through smart caste politics.looks why on bjp rule both petrol and lpg price is high .never see any indian pms ware 10 lack armani suite
Next pm
RESPECTED film lovers,like, SAGARA SANGAMAM, story for JRNTR sir, in YouTube, type  "KONDETI PRODUCTIONS "
This jahil ticket and his group will not stop untill they get focus and election ticket.... Thier sponsorers giving money for this expensive agitation do not want to stop this agitation.... Most the farmers are against this protest like us... If these rich jahil farmers do not leave the border court must intervine and kick these idiots out of our delhi border...
Sikh hearts are leaving treacherous India.
N.A.T.O.'s new bombing practice feild Afghanistan in 6 months. 
so, why hail khalistani flag on red fort ??
Tikait is responsible for death of all farmers.
It's not just ' ' kisaan, farmers if more than  80% were involved in this protest .
Delhi us chai waley modi k baap ki nhi hai. Geo shero!!!modi should resign immediately after all that violence.
Politician's power is common man's ignorance
Thoda sa chunaw key upper atey h ...h hnn .chunaw key upper aaao ..* moment 
We have tolerated enough. We have seen the genicidecod kashmiris, bengalis  , etc.UNO did not interfere.Now we wont follow UNOs rules and regulations.
Arey yaar simple hai Nuclear bomb fek do Afghanistan par
Why he didn't reply??????? What did he is hiding??
Hope you are happy after your god has taken back all 3 laws. Karma will catch up with u guys
Say something about that. 
Zee News Political Dogs 
No words to condemn this act.....
Great job sir / mam 
Victory 
Say sorry for noteban also.
The government tried everything against the farmers. IT raid was the last thing they didnt .
What is happening in this country..some one are saved by their own political power...some one are facing rain & drought at  the field, and finally crushing by the government....
Like every power  monger you also learnt about bootlicking of BJP....
India's fight should be with two things corruption and VIP culture. Not among each other.
Bjp should be ashamed of this cowardly act
These farmers can never succeed, because there is no iota of truth value in their struggle for regression into land lord feudal caste based class structure & struggle against parallel  competitive market. Actually, a fraction  of desert land is enough to produce food than so many of them inefficiently do. They can use the high capital intensive techno-agriculture, which they cannot opt within the outdated regressive government  supported expensive cultivation of unwanted crops using bloated employment patterns that flourishes only narcissist identity cults... media uses it to fuel hatred for somebody like Ambani, Adhani... not at all related. The media Punjabi vs Gujarati because Modi is from Gujarat, even Mahatma's statues are defaced... They spin narratives phoophooing nationalism because  Modi represents national interest, they push hatred for hindutva because Modi is a Hindu, they even sell dislike of chai wallas as they dislike modi... to what nasty distance narrative pushing can go?
STOP ATROCITIES ON ANNADAATA. ENACT A LAW ON MSP WITH PENAL PROVISIONS TO ENSURE 100% IMPLEMENTATION. ANNADAATA WILL NOT CALL OFF HIS AGITATION TILL ALL HIS DEMANDS ARE MET.
this is the PRIME EXAMPLE OF UNITY, and ye to sach hai yar agar aap rat me koi pagdi aur beard me dekh lo to kabi darr nhi lgta infact ek safe feel hota hai.
Supreme Court ne ak committee banae he farm laws ko lekar usske bare me thoda news dijia sir..
I still remember my days as an NCC cadet , where after months of rehersal we use to set fit cadets and ready for final parade on 26Jan....
You are a great journalist of our country 
Attack on Redford what
Aam Admi Party forever
Gov 7pc salaried must have retirement age at 50 yrs , use that money to recruit 5 times more in 20-35 yrs of age
Per aap k followers chutiya lag Rahe hai comment section me comment padh k laga
Tikait ji is the crown of real India.
If they had to kill the farmers the SUVs would not have used sirens to alert them.
Sir option C hoga
Judiciary taking refrence of "it was all over (Godi)media" shows what a leash bitch of Goverment they have actually become. The Apex Court needs to be reminded that they exist for protecting rights of Citizens(including right to protest & detest laws) not Governments.
He should have being thrown out, if he has not being, then you know under what your in.
Wah kya LallanTop episode tha
5 mins in an confused as fuck
U r a great artist AB 
Still the protest is not over yet. And the way that tikait talks  his mouth is filled with filth 
1 year i fought against you
Our democracy seems to be slipping out of our hands.
Unfortunately Modis Gujrat model seems to be being implemented thru out India..Is any one is safe in India, who challenge or oppose Modi and his team???
Vexed with north indian politics. Always giving trouble.
Excellent synopsis Shekharji with proposed solutions.  I hope people listen to your sensible suggestions.  Thank you.
BJP anchor
An excellent interview replete with lots of crucial information affecting agricultural operations, pitfalls of PDS, supply of foodgrains at heavily subsidized rates, damage to water table by sowing of wheat and rice massively etc. Eye opener for farmers, politicians and the government.
And good sale of vigitsblle and other items. Let them stay good incomes to Delhi merchants. 
Today this bills with drw.. Sad for real fomers
Beating farmers is like beating your wn father its a very shameful act...
shekher ji prediction was correct 
Processing of Tomato gives  product like ketchup,paste,RTE gravy
 56"        ,                          .   .              .                 ,            180            . RAWAT    (  ) ,  56 "   .                 .    56 "          . 56"                     .                     ,                RWAWAT   . 
After, Farm bill is withdrawn:)))
Biggest Comedian of Indian 
The farmers failed to understand good laws... but when such laws are rushed ... they are bound to fail.   If BJP had asked Gandhi's Party to propose the Bill as their manifesto idea, that BJP will support as Govt, giving them credit for their idea and passed as Oppositions Bill with BJP's amendments. 
Nice mem.. Bhut acha pdate Ho aap.. Plz or. Video bnaeye
Sirji... Sachche mann se repealed farm laws ko kanoon banao aur wo hi sachche mann se fuel ko gst ke under dal do
What should the protesters do when the Government Don give a shit about peaceful protests....they were peaceful for last 4 months they cannot sit their for next 4 months if coz then who would do farming? Bachi kuchi GDP farming ke hi wjh se bachi h.... Goverment is testing their patience making them resort to revolt and History is witness for independence freedom fighters had to resort to revolt.
SDPI has become threat for Indians and trying to turn into battle ground.
Thanks 
Direct to the point,
Wn evr ter is famr prostest our govt will simply divert media
The media dont show when these farmers are giving food and drinks to the police. They dont show the farmers removing police barricades to make way for an ambulance. These channels are so biased, its disgusting.
Love from Bangladesh to Farmers.
400 rs     2013  BJP  -     ,  920 rs   
Thank you so much The Lallantop Team..........
Laaton ke bhoot baton se nahi mante iam not against bjp government but i will always support farmers weather it is violet or peacefull.. JAI JAWAN JAI KISHAN
Nothing new.. bahubalis do this everytime be it bjp congress sp bsp .. but defending these bahubali gundas by godi media openly is what concern..
One of your viewer send me your link. But as like him you are also telling one side of msp.. Can you tell me except wheat and rice on which crop farmers getting msp..
Communist at their work 
The Admin Kept On Removing my comment 100 Times , Really You Can't bear the Truth nor you want to show the indian people the other side of the coin
Farmers ,reduce their production volume. 1 better land owners cultivate only in quarter land. Reduce the availability of products and make the life a hell in urban living.Then the blind rulers open their eyes
Modiji  Hindus are with you, they are not farmers ,they are goondas
The Mobbdeepak McMacavali Shakoor account us a Russian sockpuppet - and speaks no Asian languages at all other than Russian. None.
 Request from my side regarding the audio break in between
What a solidarity that these hands that feed billions have shown! Time for people to learn and stand against the repressive politicians around the world. A massive thank you to every farmer 
MSP must be a legal right
These people are Middle man( BROKERS),  not formers. 
Greedy Farmers of Punjab and Haryana don't do crop rotation, as a result ground water is depleting at very high rate in this states, Later then will be burden for rest of India and taxpayer
AFGHANISTAN IS  NOW READY  TO BECOME  NEW SYRIA.   
Good someone reminded the idiots in the army who for some reason think this government cares for them!
He is trying to win the next election lol, like he cares about farmers
You are very beautiful mam
Religious difference mindset
Pay every village around the three protests cash equivalent to at least last year's income, it should come from the Kissan unions who screwed their lives for one year. Lastly  MSP is already in place. So what are these chuthiyas asking for?
DK you say Print supported bills and then your every video and articles calls them Controversial.
BJP is doing crime shame on you
Wanted to know if ears of Honble speaker is working or not.
Beautiful video I couldnt explain the pain i felt after watching this video , casualties has always been on both sides that too of poor people either way round no political aspect/ goons never get get why is that #askIndiawhy
These guilty nihangis must be hanged to death for such heinous crime against humanity....
Delhi has been sealed off to congress middle men
Hayeee cute ....lv u dear.   I wish me apko age bhi dekhu divyanshi...national  channel me...lv u
 The Singur plant would have an initial capacity of 2,50,000 units, which could be scaled up to 3,50,000 units. -  PTI
I challenge anyone to make a satire on them. 
Mane what country is this why is this in my feed
Haryana and Punjab have better AMPC system then other states
I disliked when you mentioned article 370.
mam why have you muted the  vedio pls unmute it then say you bustard
Best way to shut oppositions propaganda 
Khalistanis are all over India now
Successful in Demand 
To hell with the cm of haryana
            ? ,         ,           Where was the Delhi Police when the farmers entered the Lal killa ? By the way, it is so strict in ordinary days. On that day, the Delhi Police was paving the way to the Lal killa
2001 bhuli gaya laage che aa molvio, police b pagal pote justice aalvana badle Hinduo pr laathhi charge kare che. Molvio a police b khareedi laage che. Jyare ek Muslim mare to police aakhi international media ma b bayaan aalva ready thaay che ahi to Indian media b cover nathi kari rahi aa murder case puri rite
We are very ashamed that a lying country like India is our neighbor !! In a country where politicians and the media lie so much that it is really sad, they can't stand anyone's good. We hate such lying neighbors. Those who do not want the good of the neighbors. Let them not do us any good, lying about our country is a real shame !! What do our Indian media and their leaders think of Bangladesh? We will not accept anyone's conspiracy.
Please also explain difference between MSP and MPS(Market Price Support).
Himmat hai to abp news wale ekbar abhi ye fir Kal ghazipur border ake reporting Karke dikhao
as long as farmers depend on government they will never grow
Respect respect respect haryana vale bhayio ke liye
Very Shameful Act
Mockery of Democracy after sacrificing 700 lives and wasting thousands of crores in public and private funds.
Finally justice done 
Onions are sold at rs 20 per kg in season and rises to rs 120 in off season... rise of  100% i.e. 40 rs is a nominal one in the case.
Shouldn't have his identity revel this way!
Business grows when people are addicted to products.
 branch.. in guidance of Dr. vikash divyakirti sir...
These guys are frustated coz unke chune hue leaders unki baat hi nahi sun rahe
Watsapp chats,he loves India's confidential information only
Totally covered Rajasthan syllabus
This is a very serious crime. Government has to take very severe action.
People who are defending it directly or indirectly.
states like Andhra known as Annapurna, Telangana, Karnataka, etc do not have any strikes, protests; 
Good presentation
I fully support farmers protest but Nihang Sikhs should be arrested at sight. I have no mercy for them as none of those tried to save the wounded victim. Nihang Sikhs must be arrested because clearly they are misusing their weapons!!
The only thing that makes me to do this is the way this channel gives knowledge to me
Modi government ......kam se zyada publicity aur   image banane mein desh ke 8sal barbad kar diya....... they are experts in divide in the name of religion  spread hate ......and riots.... not in governance 
If you hate Modi, he is the one you should listen to.
Manipulative reporting to support BJP 
Mashallah credit goes to family
FRP ( Fair and Remunerative Price ) approves by Cabinet committee on economic affairs  
Total US aid for afganistan issue from 1951 to 2011 = 70-100billion dollars..
Long-form of APMC is Agriculture Produce Master Curruption Center
we used to buy industry products from indian make underline that 
He is a crocodile . Be careful the people of India.  Do not vote for him
There was absolutely no subversion of the Parliament processes. Almost the first three decades of the Republic with the current constitution, we did not find any consultative committees examining the bills before being introduced in the Houses. Later on some bills were referred to the committees. At no time, it has been mandatory to do it. During the time of the earlier government or the present.
Has the government banned Mandi system? No. Then why can't the protesting farmers continue the old system. Let both prevail.
We are all INSAANS first, and even then, that is what our dharma teach us!!!
Bjp has made People beggars..and they are driving Crores ka Gaadi with Z security
Dead democracy of India
Commented
Even common man could judge the scene to be happend on 25th
Both farmers and buying companies will be profited only we, the common ppl will pay higher prices 
Indian govt has been evacuating citizens since a week. Why are these Sikhs late to leave?
Why was modi flying in ambanis plane during election ? Once the corporations gets full control over the markets with big promises they will drop there rates and show there real face.....greed and profit is the only language corporations speak
Police should listen to Bombay bandook and let farmers protest in peace
Farm act explained in detail 
How many death Rascal Modi want for Taking back farm laws ..,most stupid PM india ever had
Dhruv Bhaiya I'm 17 years old and I'm still in school.
Best news best knowledge as well as we would upto date daily bases.
1. Say them bhagat
What you are saying?? America is no. 1 this is not approved by Hollywood but every country and even UN states that America is superpower. America military budget shows that how strong it's military is. If we agree with you then why India is not a superpower by the help of movies?? It was very difficult for America to win the respect as a superpower. We should not talk about America like that. When India need weapons why India always want them from America??  Because of there strong military power alliances and intelligence
Plz support farmers How many farmers have to sacrifice ? Boycott Godi Media
Gumrah to ese news channel kar raha hai
 CONGRESS  
Farmers know what to do I stand with farmers
Thanks,now I understood the bills actually
Me and my other friends are doing study in overseas and stuck here because of Covid otherwise we would have joined them too. #FarmersProtest . We are well aware of these laws and know how they gonna impact or lands please do support if you are a good human being thank you
Excellent opnean by priyanka gandhi
_Nitin Gadkari Approves Proposal to Levy 'Green Tax' on Old, Polluting Vehicles at time of renewal of fitness certificate, at the rate of 10% to 25% of road tax_
Good political move before 2022 elections in punjab, U.P, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh (Major states of farmers protests against these 3bills). Reduction of oil prices also can make little impact.
Nobody can be completely unbiased.  Journalism is about questioning the people in power mainly and thats the essence of democracy. Why to get personal.
 Talking against BJP is Sedition 
Govt must give 100000 every month to every farmer. Kisan ekta zindabad aandolan 2224 tak chalana chahiye.
News porte jane motha mota meye... You have to watch ajtak.
From Lakhimpur...deeply condemn this incident!!
These guys whom u r saying old aren't actually the farmers being a indian citizen i know That what is the Made is in the favour of farmers and the actuall farmers aren't supporting the Protest of these fake people who are trying To make the image of india Bad...and innocent people like u think they are pitty old people getting beaten by cruel police.....
Those blady foxes must be hang until death. Jai hind.
Opposition is behaving only shamelessly.
MSP is as buyers of last resort not first resort as it defeats the purpose of free market. The PDS system has to be scraped and that is the fact. It keeps farmers poor, food grains are lost in FCI Warehouses and consumer get poor quality food. If only you can show me a thriving farmer who has actually benefited from MSP otherwise the debate is as poor as our food.
Congress is not a party of youth it's party of group of terrorist.  
Jahan neta udhr peaceful jahan nhi vahan updrhv...mazak bna diya hai Republic day ko ...Shrm karo ab to hadd hogi hai .. I'm against Bill but this is worst rally ever carried out
These laws would have benefitted 95% of farmers in India. These rich farmers in Punjab and middlemen for their selfish motives scuttled this reform.
I need this software for vagetable and fruits wholesale shop. Is it applicable for vagetables shop
Bhai nihag singh fauj ke baare mein bhi pddo unko weapon rkhna legal hai due to religious reasons.
If parliament proceedings has immunity from sc, then emergency was right because it was passed by parliament, then how come sc intervened?
Hearing such  unworthy words of cowardice The 10th  Guru, keeper of the white hawk's, the master of swords & bow and arrow, Guru  Gobind Singh sahib ji said the one supreme God has granted me this boon that iam his son, & God has sent me in this world to uproot injustice & tyranny & I will create the pure khalsa form who will stand up to any oppresser & will fight him to death. Pointing towards the coward Ppl He said I will make a bird fight a hawk to death, will make jackals into lions, will make one person to have the courage to fight a lakh army & only then u should call me by my name of (Gobind Singh) other wise don't consider me of my father's. 
Death sentence or death penalty is a punishment sanctioned by the state, where the person is killed for committing the offence. The act of carrying out such a sentence is known as an execution.
No body has guts to stop subsidy given to these plunderers called farmers, why the farmers who earn lecks and lacks ,move even in  cars ,their children study in prestigious institutions in india and abroad  ,why they are exempted from paying income tax ,why do millionaire farmers get loans later on to vaive the interest and some times principal as well,whe do the electricity free ,get seeds, fertilizer pesticides at subsidised rates ,why why ,can any one answer, these farmers especially those having land holdings more than five acres are curse to nation,they are robbers,looters ,see Takiye moving in luxurious car and other farmers as well ,this is blackmailing, looting nothing else , political parties never take action against these traitors,
These politicians can do anything to come in power. So that they can earn money by corruption in each government scheme or tenders.
All parties are snakes. Shameless spineless .. including bjp .. we need NOTA this time
English channels should make English subtitles for Hindi speeches of leaders...
Please don't kill Rashid Khan, he is good cricketer, if any chance please save him and his family.
One step backward to make two steps forward
This is terrorism. Terrorism done by a government over its own population.
No Farmer no food
Thank you So much!! This is the only thing/video I found that was useful and easily understandable!
Thanks for supporting farmers
MSP: the new bills clearly state that MSP is not part of law. 
i wacting live now on india today her reporter sandhu live show us damege buses than show us kisan catch the dehli police cop who damege these buses kisan show his id but india closed the live streaming because he was dehli cop but if he reletting to kisan morcha then it should be breaking news shame on inday today group. aaj tak godi media
Now no body can stop our India braking into many countries like Russia.
          Withdraw the three controversial farm laws.
Where fans treat celebs as God but when problem arise they don't have guts to talk 
1. How MSPs are fixed. Does it take into account the investments (both monetary and human resources)? 
He is using farmers as weapons
My SLV Family...Pak's tweet is bewildering us... It's not Khalistani flag.. It is NISHAN SAHIB FLAG (A significant flag in sikhism) that has planted in every Gurudwara. 
APMC is useless in Maha and south. Only North farmers profit off of APMC . These reforms will help Maha and South Farmers
Full support to farmers protest from Yamunanagar (United States of Haryana)
Explained well in few mins .. good job
When some farmers died a NATURALDEATH, Photos of the Dead were circulated in far-off villages in Punjab stating that they were Martyred during the farmers protest in Delhi in order to generate resentment against the Modi government. 
Problems to be addressed
Through the past, Indian police conducted raids operations of Sikhs just on suspicion bases of being anti nationals, by 1995, Indian central police brutally killed & cremated over 25,000 bodies of only Sikh. (Again there is a history of one sided law & order) instead the individual Jaswant Singh Kalra who had evidence of this, was killed by the police through worst way possible, by cutting his body into pieces and burnt his work and thrown in street. Same thing is happening to Jagtar Singh Johal in 2017 who was actively speaking about injustice of Indian police, he has been so far electrocuted, beaten, and tortured by police. By law there is still no evidence against him, and he is still in jail. That is the Indian system. In 1991, Indian police killed Sikh piligrims in utter Pradesh for no reason. 
i am always listening to him
Dhruv , how much do the Pakistani pay you?
If all elections happening on one time, we'll lose that opportunity and check point option.
Patt se headshot at 40 seconds
If farm bills are passed n accepted, the role of middlemen will be taken over by the corporate companies. 
News wale hamesha sach se dur rathe hai
They have created a situation similar to what happened in USSR in 1991, when lakhs of persons gheraoed Moscow. They would have dispersed only by using brute forces involving army.
Rss Congress badal bjp derewale policewale judge sab harami ha
He is a man of no opinion.  Really he is a "strokeless wonder"
These r not real farmers though , these r Khalistanis instigated and funded by opposition to defame the current government coz of upcoming state elections ......
INDIA BELONG TO HINDUS REMEMBER THIS FACT.. MUGHALS HAVE GONE SO HV BRITISH.. WE WILL FIGHT BACK... SAB YAAD RAKHA JAEGA... BHIDOGE TO HUM DUGNI TAAKAT SE BJP KI SARKAAR BANAENGE.. MUTTHI BHAR KISAAN HAI YE JAAN LO...BAPU K DESH MAI INHONE VIOLENCE USE KIYA LAAL KILA PAR.. MANY MORE REFORMS TO COME
Less government involvement is always better.
The Biggest LIAR asking others, If you want to speak a lie l will not let you. Innit 
Thanks you Sir
Well experienced  thank you ayse he logo ko jagruk karte rahiye
How can you support Taliban... disgusting
Why dont u people see  kalistani farmers killing& hitting innocent people
If these bunch of Hindu haters become PM hard earned freedom of Hindu in May 2014
Just blame pakistan for that too as usual.
1000% agree with SG on this stupid arbitrary RBI policy of not allowing automated monthly payments! It is just a political stunt to harm Netflix and Amazon, dictated by the chimpanzee thinking of the current leaders.
Why does the Government want the three Farm Bills to remain and also the Minimum Support Price (MSP). 
Bjp and rss are talibans of India.
Just sit back hold on for some more months and do not vote for the existing government, instead choose one independent candidate who represents farmers. Govt. got a massive vote share in last up elections that's why they are so egoistic
Perfectly planned act. 
Good information
Dont allow tractors rally 
6300 Bol rahe h
Govt. bills, policy and 'Sarkari Yojna' mane prokolpo guli niye video upload korle valo hoy. I hope, I shall get to see the expected videos bro. Thanks.
Ambani and Adani are taking over India economy with help Wall Street financial parasites. There fortunes are increasing where whole country is in depression. Modi  have channelized all Indian capital shifted to these big industrial houses to create stock bubble to spong all Indian saving. So a jobless india without any control over food, retail and healthcare. All money from  foreign investors will be returned by paying for vaccine which is not needed for majority. So enjoy the life till this takeover of is over. So no job , no business no shop and now a very expensive food from Ambani
Bastards Team Of OPPOSITION; Defused All;
700 farmers died nd they said nothing about it so sad
Shame on modi government
We also cannot entirely blame America because it is true that one has to fight for oneself. Fighting for another country is not America's responsibility. But America can't even run away from the allegation that the Taliban was built by the US against the USSR, then after 9/11 the US invaded Afghanistan in the name of "the fight against terror", America spent 80 billon dollars in providing military aid and support and more than 3 trillion in total in  fight against terror. 
Best explanation ever 
Going to unsubscribe  uu
Hmari indian army sbse best hjai hind Choudhary sir
Very nice and good class about farm knowledge
You're the best teacher ever!
Who is asking you.? Bakvas.Baseless person.
*India teaches me again and again, that the categories into which I try to divide things dont hold up.*
Avoid all religions (even the pope and Christianity) because religions are all led by the many blind guides and false prophets that Jesus already warned us to beware of, almost 2,000 years ago. They all make up their own false laws and prayers. When he alone (in the name of Immanuel) is the Son of Man and the true Prophet sent by God, to be always our one Teacher. Here follows a summary of his true Teaching...
Jai Ho Modi__can't say  other wave but an end of political parties except BJP under the good step of our world famous leader PM. Thinks that  now Kumbhkarna come, end on head quickly. Victory will greet you.
Lets see the speed of tracktor..!
Is god watching these things that's nice he is doing these things.
Love from Pakistan farmers are right..and we are with you punjab ..we will fuck both modi sarkar
This is protest is done in the interest of  "Middle man of Farm Produce".
Sir Aaj ka The Indian Express analysis kb aayega?
Modiji is the great the greatest the great work...Priyanka Jo sochati kabhi pura nahi hoga...
*NEWS DIGEST to START the Day (29 SEP 2020, Tuesday) 5 Minutes Read - updated at 0650HRS IST*
Problem is only with Punjab and Hariyana but other state farmers are happy, If they are disrespecting my country and our police then all over India we should start boycotting Agri products from Punjab and Hariyana.
The skill of  falsifing    the truth  is really  unique  with you . Godi media .
I was expecting my blood to boil but was pleasantly surprised from your unbiased opinions. Showing concerns over a new law is healthy but these 'poor farmers' in their Range rovers are just embarrassing the country.
It will help in my preparation  thanks mam and also #drishtiteam 
Indian Airforce is on standby!!!!
If the protest becomes voilent Govt will gain support form normal people.
Use me as a DISLIKE BUTTON
Unfortunately many farmers lost their life during the protest, but our PM has done his best etc etc 
This is fucking democracy 
We are spot farmers.......
Government  Calculation Data     
Such a great tq sir is trah aap alag alag video bnake hamare knowledge ko badhate hai iske liye aapko aur hamare testbook team ko thanku
Stop buying all of these products!  
"Why is the whole world not watching first and then talking about this video ?"
Congratulations I am so happy this facist government has lost
How many of you cried after watching this whole episode 
World fakest new Indian media pathetic and self pity
"But truly as I live, all the earth shall be filled with the glory of the Lord." Numbers 14:21
That is biased social media is now a days only presenting the view you want to hear..
Sir esi explanation kahi nhi mili ,ek baari  me concept  clear ho gya .thank u so much sir 
Now I don't support Farmers. They are not Indian. They proved this. They insulted Indian flag. An Indian can't do this. And some Punjabi people are supporting them just because they are thinking that They are Punjabis. They don't think that what is right and what is wrong.
Thank you very much for such points raised by you
Not want these type of ordinances
I'm from South India 
Nothing was made clear, those rules were a trap, they would've tried and made some restrictions, which would have resulted in perfect implementation of those rules, but they didnt do so, cause they know it was a trap......
Historically, ONLY these two are our spiritual homes and homeland.
Take more time atleast. 5 to 10 years
Anteryami... S. D. M... Phle he... Ptta tha... Ki... Kisan... Patharbaazi... Krne wale h... Us... Se... Phle he... Seer fodo... Order... 
Godi media murdabad equally responsible for destroying nation, should relize
Farmers were like: "This works in The Netherlands." 
1. Who gave the permission to rally, as govt. trying from day 1 that the groups includes anti social elements 
They also can't save their lives they also have to be dead! Political & medical system make for controlling the people as slaves!
Right after The Attack on capital in USA and Modi condemning it.
7:33 right wing? are you sure? in my experience it is the left who are hyper-focused on identity... but then you are vice so...
That's shows bring Reforms in India is How much Difficult
If they wanna help the people  of afghan the should  organize  and make a good plan
Bjp through out from india 
The non bjp party supporters who had come to protest the visit of dycm keshav prasad maurya were leaving back for homes as dycm changed route. On seeing the  convoy of bjp partymen going to meet dycm, they attacked bjp partymen and  their drivers with stones and sticks which had led to the vehicles going astray and causing  accidental mowing of some protestors who were there. Considering that  the farm laws have been kept in abeyance and is challenged in supreme Court, such  violent protests should have been avoided. People of india already witnessed the horrifying farmer lobby driving tractors fast and furious to kill policemen during Republic day besides bringing down indian flag
Such topic videos needs to have hindi dubbing or hindi subtitles to sensitise the large number of Indians.
I guess rallies and civil war are happening everywhere in the world. People have gone crazy and I guess US is indeed the leading country because suddenly even in The Netherlands there is destruction everywhere, never seen this before.
This is really disturbing... Why no one is there to help them
BJP party member's are acting too smart from day they came to power we are facing one or another issues every were in pur country.
EVERY CORPORATE  on being fulfilled With required stock , will try to escape , to enjoy upon the  rolled stock  for life.
I loved the way you just simplify everything.
Good humanity ,rights cant be deny, 
The Irony...(Prof.)Modi who wrote a book "exam warriors " to help students from exam.fear failed to convince the farmers of benefits of reforms!
Congress party zindabad
Priyanka Gandhi MUST step forward if Congress wants to win... She's far better than Rahul, since she's a leader.
Kya Kisan direct traders ko bech skta h crops without middleman?
Congress Spokesperson Shama Mohmmad should be made Congress President instead of Soniya Gandhi.
We are so proud of them !.
Sudhir chaudhary totally biased ho.. zee news dekhna hi chd dia.. watch NDTV and News24 then use ur brain
2% of Indians already live below the Poverty  guidelines. If 65% are in agriculture,over thenext 3-10 years, how many more will join these?
Mr Modi you haven't saw how many farmers were protesting that's why you are saying that only a part of farmers' community were protesting. Probably few of them who weren't protesting were compelled & helpless due to the financially scarce & poverty ridden environment you have created since 2014... I Congratulate "The" farmers for their victory over tyranny...
Pls sir stop #privatization in agriculture
All shall rejoice as sorrow and sighing flee away.
Good.. Now police should go ahead and clear shoot at sight  of tractors order...
Finally u came after long time !  Lovd the explanation!
this is not a farmers protest.Our farmers are not so rich ...these are political caders...
The Govt broke the back bone of the common man by introducing DEMONETISATION  jeopardising jobs and small businesses ALL OVER THE COUNTRY.
Meaning to 
Don't underestimate the podrmawer of real farmers... Whn they rise no one stands tall then them. 
Ravish kumar is real reporter of India.
Laws are correct. Blind liberals will oppose the govt no matter what. They are incapable of talking on the merit of the law.
Your videos are very useful and easy to understand, but don't know why you are not posting videos regularly?
Thank you this whole series...very well researched and presented in a simplified manner 
Sorry for this .. why are you not show the monopoly of government . Government take incorrect decison against farmar. In last week the leader of bjp murdered the farmers with car .. you can show this also.
The Admin Kept Removing My Comment, Really You Can't Bear The Truth , Neith You Want The Indian People to See The Other Side Of The Coin
Tum tab mar gye the kya jab kisan 60 din se pde hue the chutiye
part of ancient india how been ruined torutd peopld thats nt good god. watchin
When it happens in bengal,why r u silent then....???...
Where is anju pankaj ji? Pl call him for us. I miss her.
This tikat fool did not expect this  he dumbfounded no words to express his disappointment..
It feels so good that after all their struggles and pain finally they won
Mr Ravish kumar, Political potentials are responsible to make or break national  success, China jumped in Afghanistan to achieve every possible earnings through investments and so on, in spite Indian leaders need ages to understand how to join hands, more. Indians need no positive development but only Jai Sri Ram better instrument to stay in illusion with in the country.
First and foremost , who ,when and why this  all  nonsense started ?  and the same with the R ? You have to blame the then politician not just pick and choose dear
First of all they are not even real farmers and 99% of them didn't even know the real farm law....iust causing ruckus for the city...and even if they want to protest despite knowing the real farm laws there are other ways to do it without disturbing other people
These 3 form laws will be valuable only when there would be provision of guarantee on MSP
Ita not possible to see this I can't understand
and eventually after about half an hour, they started saying u are not a kshatriya, u were supposed to be a muslim etc. I ran away then.
Is it  free of cost ??? To study on drishti app
We can solve our own issues..we don't require outside intervention or comments on how to solve....
Why Government in second term and with parliamentary majority do this? It is same here in UK. BJP shouldnt be going the Congress route.
Let congress go to hell and useless to public instead creating trouble in India.
Mullah Bradar wants to create Emirate of Akhand Hindustan by merging Afghanistan,  Pakistan, India, Bangladesh to acess all the money, wealth and young pretty India Hindi film actresses to create zannat on earth for Talibs. If Modi ties a black turban he can become Mullah Modi and their PM of Emirate of Hindustan.
All right sir thank
The number of middle men losing their job with such a bill is not comparable to the amount of difference this act brings to number of farmers across the country.
Base year for that data was 2012-13, and your base year is 2018-19,so obviously purchasing has increased,but you olny produced total procuring data but how many number of farmers sold this at msp that you didnt produce....your research is bit biased i think..
Congress party Jindabad
Shape of things to come?
Farmers: why don't you listen to us. Are you deaf?
And binge watching ur videos
JAI BHIM NAMO BUDDAYA  SHAMBUJI
These fellows have enjoyed the most time will speak
English ki pronouncing bhi nahi aati fir bhi English news ke screenshots lga ke khud Ko English scholar dikhauga_kumar Shyam
Wht abt those farmers who died while protesting
If you want to make new policies for the general good of the country and dont want to compromise on few jobs that are inevitable to be removed eventually, u r never going to pass any bills in any country with such a pessimistic non gutsy approach.
Beware of this toothless and spineless jhumla govt.ojemsnake always snake.
National security comes first....
Finally the Paagal PM Bow  downs to farmers not before killing 500 of them.
Now, anti-social elements came to know about the mechanism to the legally elected government's weakness, they will continue the trend. Even God can not save us.
Election aa gye h isliye teeno kanun vapas liye h brna Kisan  shaheed ho jate but ye  chor chaukidar teeno kanun return nhi leta
First understand farmer  bill proposed by the government.
Without getting power, one can't do anything, so it was necessary, and was need of time, good action
India 2020 is selling India to International companies
Great Ravish
Sir farmers winning protest
Dirty people all are Mandis , not farmers , they must be punished and jailed
World failure modi
Farm Mechanization. 
His analysis is absolutely off the mark..
Singapore has already found FOREIGN INTERFERENCE too difficult to handle. They have tabled a bill yesterday - FOREIGN INTERFERENCE ACT, to protect themselves of against expansionist governments.
Many many thanks 
A government aginst our own farmers..indian Hitler modiraj murdhabad corporate Bandhu Modi murdhabad black law's should be removed immediately
Jai Modi Ji ki: The seed of Khalistan was sowed by Indra ghandi, now the farmers are reaping it. The crop is "KHALISTAN", KISAN ANDOLAN ZINDABAD, GO FOR YOUR OWN COUNTRY. MODI DON'T WANT SIKHS IN BHARAT SO MAKE YOUR "KHALISTAN. THANK YOU ARNAB GOSWAMEE, THANK YOU MODI.
Aaj.......tak.....the   ............ channel.  (bbc .....newsclick.....the wire.....lallantop.....news24......ndtv...dekhiye)
21:50 so if Msp is abolished, Punjab will also see massive price fall as fsa also provides for poor in punjab.
3:04, Surjewala it is unfortunate that instead of educating farmers about the benefits of these laws, you and the entire anti-progressive political machinery used it for your personal agendas. Shame on you. 
Please live together 
  The  word not be used to mention  "adamant ' on the side of farmers.
Is this bjp democratic India !!!!???? Lol  shame on you savages !!! Rip to all the poor farmers of India the real hard working ppl who feed us .
I just wanted to ask like can we make use some information from your vedio for project purposes?
.In Punjab , if a Physically Handicapped wishes to work from Home then he is charged electricity at Penal Rates euphemistically called ' Commercial Rate '----
They are not indians
JAI MAHABHARUT, JAI HO.
in 2020 these shitty cameras
In HIJADO PE THU THU THU THUUUUUUU
Now in the name of FACTS and NATIONAL INTEREST..
America ka farmer,,aur INDIAN farmer,,sale scientists kyu jate hai america,,farmer ka income kyu ghata hai...
Itna galat facts present krne ka confidence alag he hai. Bacche ko pehle thik se draft bill padwa dete samaz aa jata
International mischief mongers are poking khalistanis world over to keep their lake of funds overflowing.
Stop defending the whole act with your stupid incorrect historical facts.
AAP.TAMAM.BHENO.KO.SALAM.
Kindly wear helmet Reporter.
7. Hitler used to call his rivals anti-nationals/traitors
Are all the rights restricted to Uropean lives and their slaves if not then bring or help bringing laws to protect every colour, religion, religious symbols and society with in your country ?
Elections in Up/ Punjab etc prompted Modi ji to scrap the farm laws.
Fantastic. Boss of India, Ruler of India today is KISAN, FARMER, Tractor Rally,.and not MODI,.entire world is seeing. Modi's arrogance has reduced a little bit now. Result of Top Down leadership is being seen today. Modi.did not recognise the contribution of a sardar, Manmohan Singh, NOW sardars have shown their Power. Modi the Talker never imagined.
How pathetic these people are in comments, saying "we support farmers" just by seeing this video, well done india 
Jai shree ram
Sikhs r innocent sons of lahore , Multan and Kabul. Sikhism is nothing but love .Superpower Great KHALISTAN is innocent wish of innocent nation. Taliban and Khalistan both r reality of  
Plz go West Bengal  That is Real Vlolence
Oh now they are planning to bring Uniform civil code 
Kuch Bhadve Ye Bhi Bolege k Ye Congress ne Kiya h Baaki Public sach to sara Janti Hain!!
What a great video. I'm surprised you haven't reached a million views.
Thank you sir for such an easy explanation
I feel Modi-shah did good thing..If they didnt revoke, opposition only speak this and pass missinformation ....Poor farmers may vote for Anti-national elements.. It good wise decision   (  I came from farming background family and still we are doing farming (my family and I was very angry on tha t day)
  Congress Ruled State me already ye Law implement the ( Kerala me APMC hi nahi hai )
Hoping adani gonna debunked from funding next campaign of BJP
Sedition case against farmers??incredible India. This is like we are under colonial rule. What the he'll?  Time to teach this govt.a lesson.
Boycott Rakesh tiekiaat....stand in support of prime minister of India
It needs courage to accept his failure and modi is a courageous leader .
Gyani lok...that who managed these funds for 365 days against these protest for thousands of people on delhi- UP  borders.
Indian Democracy,,,,,, R.I.P
Next time think before vote.
Implement Swaminathan report fully.
Best explanation acc to examination point of view faltu bakwas ni ki hai auro jse... Great sir
Better to withdraw new ACTs. JAI KISAN
Now NDTV will be happy
Thanks sir 
Kudos to farmers! They're not getting demotivated 
This is totally one sided information.. You should get some one to discuss other side. People need serious discussion on these serious issue. Half knowledge is very dangerous.
Whither, and whither have abandoned decency, civilisation, courtesy,  etiquette,   public decorum,  ... and such once everyone's characteristics! 
Indian poliice now Pakistan terrorist
Feel India Times is against Govt Of India. Why not shown the clip, that the mob beaten 4 persons brutally till death??
Incredible.... Lajawab
India is loosing his assests by free hand to all citijens without reasons for there political agenda only one solution is make india hindu rastra and give facilities to others like what other countries are providing to them jai hind it's my opion government should work in these things
I swear , I won't vote for you 
Koe kaam nahi ha en ko bas na jeena ha na jeene dena ha.....aap log ghar kao and pl let us all live.... Don't be part of this worst politics.
Farmers are fighting for every ordinary Indian citizens. The whole country should be supporting them.
They will succeed and send a message to World leaders everywhere , dont mess with the people, especially when they feed you. Modi needs to be voted out of power by his own Hindu people to send a message to the world that nationalism is not welcome.
There are 80+ Ministries who are supposed to perform and build our country.
Mubarak ho SAB koo Ki Gunda Raj in full farm.... Shame for those who are in full farm to destroy the  image of the country... Gunda Raj... .. patience , Modiji is having I salute Modiji,God will punish them... ... Sikh Andolan not Andolan Atankvadi Andolan Jeeve.. n All opposition parties..bi we all should  Favour MODIJI... Hami Dash chalani hi.all oppositions are with these Andolan Jeeve...shame...for them...we all should be united now n Teach them lesson...... They think we are super now. These l people are against the country but we all people are  with Modiji.. jay Hind ,jay Modiji jay Bharat jay jawan jay... Asli Kissan jay Modiji
Joke is on those farmers, who were being given an opportunity to get better prices for their crops by going to any mandi or buyer they want. But no, they misinterpreted the interests of middlemen as their own interest, and  are now crlebrating their own doom.
Happy Republic Day
They r not farmers... Shoot them 
These Khalistanis have intentionally committed these crimes on Hindus.  They want to create riots in Punjab.  They first surrounded the Hindu cars.....  Please give justice to the poor Hindus!
Balanced viewpoints on Farm laws. Hope the agitating farmers are made aware of this
Ravish kumar sir best reporter in india
PUNISH THE BJP leasder
The clauses of the contract farming act seem to be written in a way to attract private players to the farming sector. That may be fair from the governments point of view. But to allay the fears of the farmers, the farm laws can be tried in a few pilot states. If the experiment succeeds in a few states, then the model can be replicated to the rest of India. 
Parade will happen. It is their right. They are assuring and they have the track record of 56 days of peace. On the other hand, Govt has used force in Haryana. Farmers need to ensure that Haryana Police and CM are charged
Best explanation I have ever seen .
I'm watching this after watching Vikas Divrakriti's 3 hour analysis. (Vikas Divrakriti is a leftist)
godi media why ur highlighting khalistan in ur words . there shud be rules for the anchors also .
Fuddu tak news is new name ....
Just for 2 people and their families the whole of  India and 1.3 billion people is being sold.
And government is ready to amend the laws also... For whatever the dispute farmers have abt the law , but opposition and farmer leaders  are instigating farmers to take the whole laws back....infact supreme court have said to put stay on law for a year ....BUT farmers just wants to remove the whole law...
Bhind m.p
Any of you might not be familiarized what whole incident all about.. without knowing 
You passed these bill without discussion. You repealed these bill without discussion. How can people understand what your real intention is? Parliament is the biggest means of communication.
Sir ji ur animated annie besant is so cool  
He just wanted sympathy that's why  acting to apologize what about those 600 who die during this protest, mental harassment of farmers by godi media , water guns during winter , living on roads in hot climate of Delhi in summer , being called pizza khane wale can't they have it pizza is only for these so called politicians  we can't just forget it all  and really felling bad for  those foolish people who still support him
The SUVs windshield was broken crack so the driver not able to see
Fun fact : for last 7 years under fucking Modi the nation's growth falls but his beard grows well 
Well done, Indian farmers 
Let farmers sell wherever they want, including mandis which new farms laws are enablers, like wherever farmer sons or people have a freedom to do Job, not restricted to their own village or own city.
No he should go to jail. Next time dont bring Sujata only because she has a terrible voice and style of debating. She made it like a screaming match
Ye madhachod hai sala government 
I don't think farmers in India will do like this
*Oxford University to Test Inexpensive, At-Home 'Wonder Drug' That Could Reduce Covid Deaths; not properly evaluated yet*
I feel india is now under a Dictator rule and freedom of expression in India is becoming worse day by day!!!!
 We're supporting the farmers .... thanks
* I am Shudras when i do any work*
Check their fb a/c pata chal jae ga local hai ya bjp suppoter hai
These farm laws were not there for last 50 years but farmer suicides were there. There is no correlation between these two things. I dont know why people think that if these laws are taken back things will be better.
Whole voilence was planned and executed on behalf of BJP, AMIT SHAW...Support and Respect Farmer who does hard work and provide food to everyone. Even though you buy wheat flour or other stuff from shops..but some farmer grew and harvested wheat..so understand...don't get fooled by BJP people
How did warlord Tban n his left- wing-man says all Afghan feminists Are not suited to high office,r useless n worthless can't match with manpower"is true r false...".It's there all Afghan's women has no universal right to life,no right to learn anything there want,can't work in high govm't office r public places r whatever.And how warlord Tban's right can oppointeed r recruit more his rebel fighters to hight office,n what Tban's sectet reveals made promised to all his guerrilla fighters after there liberated Kabul...big promotion job,be cabnet,high ranking officer,be high levels in govm't office+money+ luxury items,mansion+ landownership right or business etc etc.
They should have big hot air balloon hovering all over Delhi with all the writing on it.
Poor police! Support police not fake farmers
But just because Modi government is doing it they blindly want to oppose it and misguide and create fears in minds of farmers and middle men to oppose it.
Zee news.. Head of BJP pachark
We stand with Indian farmers
Hardly understands any thing .
Leaving a comment for algorithm so that more people get to watch this!
Lalantop aaur ye kissan sangathan matlab Chinese organization.. Rajasthani activist nahi Chinese activity hey
Remove EVM VOTER MACHINE ....Desh ko bachaw
The committee members are not farmers. They are economists scientists etc who support the tycoons entering the agriculture market with money and technology. Now the farmers are depending on fertiliser pesticides. When modern technology comes agriculturists will have to depend for genetically modified seeds also. They have to buy at price fixed by these companies. Modern machinaries will come which the small farmer cannot afford. They have to sell their lands and become menial workers in the city losing their divinity. And we consumers have to eat all dangerous grains which will affect our health. Thecpharma companies hospitals and stick market will be happy .
Solidarity, Liberty,  Farmerity
Now chhapri tiktoker change their profession,they want to be kisann
15th ka ans ) Sep.28  2020
Thought and was thinking that Arnab goosewami was the only one from republic TV but alas!!!! This republic tv has  so many "Hypocrite/Useless/and what not????" All useless , Fakenewswallas....... So sad! RIPIndianmadia!!!.
Illeterates voted the current dispensation and nation is suffering
waise, i appreciate and support the digital campaigning for elections.. kaash pehle hi kar liya hota anya raajyon mein.... covid ka aatank kaafi kam hota...
This all congress party s people Kisan d name Gunda gridi
How much is too much?
How much did Modi govt pay you Shekar to switch sides ?!
If he would have been other ministry then it is ok.But he is holding home minister, he can interfere the probe.He should step down on moral ground.
Please NDTV and left media
Please do a video on new IT act
Shekhar sir can you educate us how these farm laws are good for the farmers..
I will support the farmer protest when real farmers come not UPA workers
This BJP Govt shud Resign now.
These people are most educated in india. I have never seen these things by any political party after rally.They only give slogan of swach bharat
awesome teaching mam thxsalot
Now a big opportunity is lost. 90% in India are marginal farmers and for them Farmers reforms proposed by Gov was good and useful to prevent from Dalals and local moneylenders.
I think there is no confusion -
See if I am a Farmer shouldn't I have independence where to sell the produce?? The farming laws are giving Farmer's more freedom.
Must be rewarded :D
He is blood sucker of poor people and middle class people and helping richer to become more richer shame on u modi  LANAT ho
Worth every minute. Thank you ma'am
SDMKARNAL  ayushsinha  sheer abuse of his power. How could you give such ruthless orders , where you are openly asking the police to lathi charge on head.
There will be ample time for all the reforms after that. 
This is an good video explaining the details of the implications of the farm laws. Here are a few more explanations for the benefit of viewers point wise. 1. Is this threatening Coop Federalism? No: Farmers right to sell their produce to whomever, wherever, whenever, whatever quantity cannot be infringed upon. The Entry 26 enables States to regulate trade in agricultural commodities subject to entry 33 in the concurrent list, which deals with trade with food stuff, cereals. Doubling farm income can occur with such market reforms. Also, with Article 249, Centre can enact law in national interest of saving farmers from exploitation by middleman.
We all with farmers
Shame on all of the members. 
Rakesh Tiket is best comedian, jobless and is democracy ke liye deemak hai, yaha jitne bhi log is dakait ke favor me likh rahe hai sirf itna answer de dena ki Haj house se kitne jobs create huve hai, main comment karna band kar dunga......
why farmers are not telling bads in the bill..and just wanted to took back it
Bruh I couldn't be more happier
If shikhs can fight for kalishtan why can't they fight Taliban ,all the great Guru and community fought to save our culture against these Islamists. Where are their energies, just against the soft democracy India??? Not against real threats???
3. Shocho uprising 1428.
Most cowardly useless channel.
When the numbers of farmers decrease, center will portray it as an achievement during 2024 elections with less farmers suicide, increased income of the remaining farmers, gifting farmers land to their corporate masters, cheap educated youth available for labor, ect. But B&D media and Bhakts will call it master-stroke of m0d!. 
Hindus remain united
Modi is weak personality  up to now
Who breaks laws and violence should be hanged simply message
1) If all farmers are against this bill means they will not sell there produce to private mandis , then how can these private mandi can exploit them.
Super content!! Now , I understood  root issue . Everybody is just shouting or blaming things .. but single of yours has cleared out every aspect.. Kudos to you and your team!! :)
NM sarkar this is not done 
I stand with car driver and these sponsored chaos creaters must be stopped right away.
after this info 
Eating and growing in India but why for against country, then it speaks that all we mean your parents from  harami countries. Time is waiting come to real path.
Sir Adani contract has a clause for inflation and their returns will increase by the index figure. So his hypocrisy is evident.
The fear of exploitation by Pvt sector is misguided, becoz if it were to be true then Liberalisation of Indian economy in 1991 would have made India a destitute country by now. For this reason support, Agriculture bill by Modiji.
Tea seller as pm of country
(My personal views No offence)
There are far too many problems the farmers are facing. Unfortunately for the policy making body this knowledge is not available. Hence even though sincere effort is being made by the Government, doubling of income would be only a dream . What is required at present is identifying all factors affecting his income; look for solutions to each one to overcome the same. If not possible what else can be done??? You need a systematic approach to solve the problem??? In my opinion we have not done the homework to solve the problem???. We are all living in fools paradise  Ultimate sufferer is the farmer?? His woes we have no knowledge 
Took 700 deaths to make him understand this...wah modiji wah!!...This is done not to make the farmers happy but to get votes in upcoming elections...Bharatiya Gawar Party!!..so pissing off
Liberals would never support communism, or any other authoritarian regime. So not sure what you have put those two together. As a liberal I have to agree that the goal the government is pursuing is good the reforms will harm allot of people who rely on farming. The underlying idea is that small scale farming is unsustainable, as they will not be able to compete with big farms "corporations". The government want's to quickly reform the farming sector with disregard to what will happen to farmers. In my opinion the government should create a government farming fund that would issue out loans and grants to farmers for land acquisition and modernization and give out additional subsidies to those farmers that would want to sell their land and offer them financial incentive to change profession. The government should also prevent land monopolization by judge corporations that want to enter or increase their hold on the farming market. If the reforms are done right, farms will become larger and more modernized and thus will be able to produce more produce that could be sold at cheaper prices. The farmer will earn more, the food will be cheaper. The government should not leave behind those that decide (or in a worst case scenario will be forced by the market) to sell their land. These people can start businesses that provide services for farmers. Poland went threw similar reforms and has done fairly well with it's farming market. The government in Poland has oversight over the farming industry as provides financial incentive (lower taxes, grants and low interest loans) to farmers. 
We don't want this jumla government.
Country is in the state of dectatorship. Unfortunate of India
Wrong information fed to Kishan,
Oh yeah. Do you love me?  
Also a story of a r*pe and kill*ng of people and destroying of public property.
With so much fertile land and farmers, neighbouring countries can be an market with marginal profits to encourage the local farming! Especially Bangladesh and Srilanka including Pakistan, China. Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan.
It takes greatness to apologise when you are right 
I have the feelings that Amrinder Singh has misled Modi ji in believing there is big Khalisthani and ISI infiltration in Punjab corrupting Punjabi youths. There might be some truth in but this has made Modi ji to take this drastic step to repeal three Farms Bill's opening the doors for others to create troubles. The security of the nation is the most important. Looking at hindsight Modi ji should have acted immediately after the criminals disrespected the 26 January hurting many of our policemen. Modi ji softer approach on gadhars Khalisthani/Leftists backed farmers leaders has made them feel that they can get away with murders. Modi ji should have stopped the funds coming into these goons/criminals Khalisthani farmers.
Your voice is so melodious love to hear '" me hu anshul dheeman" great efforts.
It's going to be very clever when China moves into Afghanistan after the united states and europe have totally, totally gone from there, its going to be very easy for the far easterns to be the good guys for the taliban/afghans/pakistanis and that part of the world
Good. Hope all concerned parties drop their ego in favour of the bottom farmer and end user (consumer). 
Congress britishers planted party.. mother sellers..
2...Discuss the growth of diversity, and give analysis, of the discipline of politics, method of politics, investigate the the gatekeepers of the political world, challenging, by using agencies from abroad.  There are plenty who have links and expose bad running of the political system. Get together elected representatives and make them talk......when they get phone calls of bribes and asking them to move over to their parties, ask them put it in writing and record their conversation also as proof of evidence....
new policy ke advantages jyada hai.....i support new policy
Nice explanation,  both side views covered.
1917 October Revolution: Red (Farmer) Army of Soviet overthrew Imperial White Army
Zee news motherchod
Dear reporter you can analyze as what rakish Ji said , love from people will be, and always will be forever; what ever rakishji say , people will honour it; you have not understood his feelings and his love for people; please dont underestimate him; he is a great person; love you rakish verji; these are reporters job to be controversial , I heard all utube videos of your s, I dont see it like that. God bless you.
Big big solute sir you should become our next PM, very educated, very good great leader, and and no words just superb
its time for an armed rebelion against modi
 The problem is south korea, that has still doesnt want to enter eps workers in their country eventhough all country will follow their health protocol for eps workers , the problem is them. thats why the shortage of workers in korea are lower..idk if theyre choosy or what, thailand whos more active case than other country can still enter in korea so why not other country give a chance too, like thailand right?... although we know why korea still thailand can enter in korea but still korea must be equal or fair in getting a eps in this pandemic
Keep crying fake farmer's
KANGNAJI IS AGGRESIVE VEER WORRIER VIRANGNA KARMYOGINI ORIGINAL HINDUVIZAM HAI OR ANANTKAL TAK RAHEGI...... FREE KI KHERAT PE JINEVALE OR FREE KI KHERAT PE RUPIYA LUTANEVALE POLITICAL SAHUKARO YE SAB MIDDAL CLASS UPPER CAST PE OR BHARAT PE LIFETIME UNLIMITED BOZ THA HAI OR RAHEGA......
But let's wait for his next innovative steps for bthe welfare of farmers..
Bina Mic k reporting. Fat gyi AAJTAK KI
Ticket waiting for new contract!!!
Ye News Nation is a Godi Media
Doesn't Karma applicable to such people? This politician's future generations will born with golden spoon in mouth, they will enjoy every inch of life while on other side, one who lost their family member will keep on suffering after knowing that there is no such thing like justice/karma, I pray that they get strength for the life.
New variant has been already arrived.  Please be a human  first . Avoid this stupid things and save life
He needs to resign
Support farmers 
Trudeau  Respect for standing up to this injustice corruption by the Indian government
Fantastic explanation . Real free lancer.
Real meaning of dushera , killing culprit of guru granth sahib ji beadbi . Hail to Singh's and khalsa
The quality of grain,rice etc. Should also check and then MSP will provide otherwise low quality product get higer price and high quality product left-over.
Open all police barricades.  No need.
Explained
Corruption
they didn't break any, police had allowed them to enter
If it is not good it can be amended but we cannot block conversations and just focus on media attention
Bold anchoring..thank you Aditi Ji
Norma single question about masks and social distancing. I wonder if Samdish n co were afraid or just biased
Can't even imagine to ran over people 
Excellent Rakesh ji we are all with you
Awesome explanation in minutes
JAI     HINDUTATV
If this law in action then everyone paid 3 times money for food or more.
Your teaching Excellent mam .
Dislike this video please
India failed in Afghanistan.America ki piche lageraho munna bhai tab tum successesd ho jaoge
Desh me emergency lagadeni chahiye.
Thank you NDTV for covering the protests in the true light ! 
Respectful tributes to the my fellow countrymen agitating for our farmers 
What are demands from the unions ? 
First of all. Ye terrorist nahi hai. 
I salute you all zee media for your dedication and hardwork to tarnish the protest.
On right side of your video is real republic day celebration
Typical gutless BBC, tonights news the  minute Pakistan in bed with the Taliban,was discussed, quick shut down by panicking beeb,WHY!
We Kerala farmers support
If they were real farmers they don't come for protest, but what khalastani will do now they don't have home now 
It is so easy for NDTV to question with anyone because no other channel show true story Not a single channel show the news of farmer shame on indian media except NDTV
Government should tell the farmers that if their income doesnt increase in a timeframe, therell be an option to go back to older ways. Politics should not stop experiments specially if farmer suicides has been an issue which dates back to Congress days. Karz ka dher and karza maafi is not an option. The farmers should be reassured and taken in confidence so that these politically motivated protesters get exposed.
NO Food
Whether Right or wrong we don't know but Tikait has proved beyond doubt that he is  capable leader
This is how they are protecting us ....... Kuddos to all the Indian army police and all arm force
Bahut Hua Ab, Niklo border Se, Organised protests and farmer terrorist
---Annexed Tin Bigha from Bangladesh in 1972;
But the people are retarded .
See farmers were not happy with these laws govt. repealed them, farmers shud be happy now, the outcome, will it be fair unfair, all will know soon
..u stupid media people.. have some guts to talk against this govt... bleddy chamchaz.. godi media
what's compulsion now, just conclusion that elections are important
Both BJP supporters and haters celebrating Modi's decision
Even in defeat Arnab channel is praising Namo
China is gonna help these people. No worries!
Tomorrow has to be with farmers
God bless you child your in right side . Yes farmers are fighting for your future.If they fails your future will be in great distress. Because they are our back bone of our nation.
Sir what about the mandi tax which a licensed trader has to pay in an APMC, wont neo-liberalism attract more private traders beacuse they wont have to pay this tax in an APMC, thus catering towards the downfall of APMCs.  So now farmers will still have the MSP but there chances of selling at a profit at APMC will reduce, but before these ordinances they had a safety net of MSP while also a chance of making good profits. Now because private traders will move out farmers cannot be certain of getting that MSP. I just had a this small doubt
Arvind kejriwal is the best.....he said absolutely right thing .....its the winning of Democracy
There should be hidden aspects of this decision. The brain behind this 'Andolan' succeeded in convincing some people specially Punjabis and Jatts to react against these Bills. Time will tell the results of this decision but one thing is heartbreaking that this is Win of Mobocracy over Democracy.
BJP will loose.... Next elections..,
Mam kindly make more videos of Indian economy for exam preparations...ur videos are very-2 helpful for us.
He is history sheeter. Many murder cases and threat to life from 2000 in Ashish Mishras name. He is a registered criminal. Those who are supporting this thug should be kicked out of India.
Who cares about farmers  bjp have hindutva   
PHIR MUSLIMS SE BHARAT ME YE KAISI PARDA DARI HAI  ?
As much as the state sponsored Indian mainstream media tries to ignore or defame this true people's struggle , it's potential takes it across all borders and oceans . Thanks to vice for covering this event as it deserves every bit of attention ..
"Jail Bharo" program should be implemented.
(The Times of India. Pune. Date 5/10/2021. Page-6)
Absolutely agree.  Patriarchy needs to be dead, or else country will never go ahead
This clown sit in his ac studio thousands of miles away  and doesn't know the ground realities of indian farmers and villages and here trying to give opinion about my country. Clearly he is a puppet of leftists and trying to spread propaganda in his own country as well as other country where there is a right leaning government.
Woohoo! Celebrating the repeal 
Being a teacher I wanted to know about farm bills in detail...thanks for giving detail information in such a simple way...thank you sir for making your videos available for common ppl..
this anchor should be made to work in the farm to make her understand what is farming.
5) Withdraw Indian Army from Kashmir
Sir please arrest those goons who caused riots and show the world that they were not farmers 
PEOPLE OF HARYANA REQUESTED KHATTAR SAAB KO TAKE CARE OF THESE FARMERS ELSE THEY WERE THREATING TO TAKE ON THE FARMERS THEMSELVES.
Further, for FREE CONTENT on Defence (UPSC CDS/NDA, AFCAT, INET), SSB Interviews & CAPF examination
rice and wheat sugar dress cotton vegetable all agriculture.  each every one man spend minimum for day 50 rupee *366 days rs  18000 one year. rupee  Indian population 1400000000*18000 equal 25 lakh crore income. Walmart is all corporate company. interest. India
Maybe Skull cap didn't work for Rahul Gandhi. kumkum worked, what a predection  
The only news channel explaining something about the bill.
India cant fight China on border. This is the proof. They are so poorly equiped and worst part is that they are scared with unarmed people.... no wonder China is boning India since 10 years.
They are butchering people now
Worst government. We will not vote for bjp this time.
Kisan proves that they are Brave JB khila skte h desh Ko to Dilli ka border kya chiz h ukhad do
why western media is not covering this up
So Taliban behaviour is from farmers protesters.... 
Just add a clause guaranting MSP, what's the fuss?
Another comedian.... On screen.....
This was big conspiracy against govt.
Long live our farmers
Very well analysed. Superb.
Bravo farmers go forwards be brave down with Delhi Police. From the time BJP has come to power they want to also destroy the grainery of India that Punjab to Hell with your New law u deshdrohi politicians. I wish I could do so.ething for your'll, I pity your state oh u farmers down with BJP rule. corruption has increased all the more.
MADARCHHOD GUNDAGIRI KARENGE TABHI SABHI MADARCHHOUDO KO PATA CHALEGA
*Amid Nepal Political Crisis, US Envoy Meets Pushpa Kamal Dahal 'Prachanda' to Discuss Biden Admin's Priorities*
Big win for china and pakistan.
To limit the kisaan andolan to Sikhs shows your bias....
He is so balanced person who knows what he wants
modi pgl hai woh farmer & army ko appas me larwa rhe hai aur sare leaders aiss mouj kr rhai. Army bhi farmer ka hi son hota I think baap bete ko larwa rha hai so sad
thank you sir.
Negative protests:- Sometimes foreign oligarchy governments meddle in another country with the help of sold out media they provoke people and create a useless protest to try to remove the sovereignty of that country and a strong leadership.
Long live revolution!!!
Shame on Chairperson.
What happened to 745 farmers who lost life during agitation, pay compensation to them atleast to their families. God will punish you
Your movement has been hijacked by khalistanis and anti social elements. First understand that. Dont blindly support anyone. There are always different people in a protest with different intentions
Its not gift .. it is what farmer returned back that was given by govt .. Justice delayed justice denied
This was really informative. Great going 
BabaJi Plese make an analysis on how much it takes to produce 1KG of Rice or wheat in India. After getting all kinds of subsidy, still rice, wheat etc in India is not competitive in international market. 
Sdm ordering crush the heads of farmers , how is this legal ? He should be put behind bars immediately
Well done shreya.
Wow what a actor itna bada actor hai salary kitni hogi 
This is heavily disturbing 
Every person must understand they are the stakeholders of this nation and they pay taxes on every daily commodities which goes to the government
But BJP is sailing the Nations properties and nations food to  the profit based  private traders.
Kattar k pichwade me tractor gused do
Violence takes place involving Ministry of state :- Not even arrests?
Strangulating whole city by Farmers not OK. But is strangulating the judicial system by PM and GOI  Ok? Wonder what suggestions do SC and CJI have for the matters to move forward? Whst should the farmers do next for an unmoving  government to understand their  concerns. And what should SC and HCs do to make the GOI take a decision on JUDICIAL APPOINTMENTS?
To be honest, I have been watching your channel since over a year.. cut the clutter & national interest specifically..think you were neutral & quite clear where you stood .. I was abroad then! Last few months, you are not taking a stand & becoming a wee bit like Godi media sort of.. then forget .. we have enough mainstream channels doing that!!
Very anti national money hungry channel
Onions processing  leads to Onion paste, used in chips for flavours.
MSP of rice and wheat should be reduced to half after 2 hours. That gives the farmers enough time to start cultivating other stuff.
There is video of thrashing by car what you will say on that
Really feel very sry for that police who's joining his hand ....god bless this country
"It doesn't matter govt passed a good bill or a bad bill, it always is a bad bill unless we are in government.. "
Farm law passed:- masterstroke
Mam pls tell ur technical team to hide u so that we can easily go through the slides
Everyone pls understand if its really farmers protesting or the politicallly motivated rally
Chemical Farming, Processing abd Distribution produces 50% of Global Warming Gases. This can't go on...
FASCISM  (WOLF POLICE STATE)
Hitler - Demonized Minority
Thankyou Sir 
We should respect farmers and especially from punjab haryana as they contribute a lot to our economy and also the sikh people are right in the demands. If modiji want to make india like Venezuela then we all cannot let that happen. We need to stand for farmers and we will fight till the end to ensure government withdraws this new rule.
The political face if Islamic
This debate should go to SC. Let SC announce an expert committee. Let the farm laws be reviewed by all farm unions, across India & other stakeholders, within 6 months. 
Why everyone is asking this question "why farmers are protesting"?
Oye ithe vajj  reporter.
Farming is very different from other industries as every crop is harvested in a short span of time every year. This creates a large gap between demand and suppy. Hence, making it a free market was a curse on everyone. Thanks that some wisdom prevailed and farmers are saved from the ruthless hands of corporates. The need of the hour is that we work together to bring crop diversity and to motivate farmers to grow crops which are imported. This will make us Self reliant and decrease imports.
Sir, fixing basic rate of agricultural product,  topic relate  video 
The oppositions have no work....now they will blame for the happenings in the year 2029 because MODI JI will be PM.
Shame on those who stop india to grow
Elections are coming 
I heard about democracy so many times.....but for the the first time I have seen it....
No discussion really is this what parliament is? 
Guess most of the so called nationalist anchors are on Bjp s payroll . .
If this person from Bengal has nothing to do in up so what the ***k he is doing in this discussion
material. Macroeconomics dictates that this will not succeed without
1. Support terrorist
Before(at the time of crop sown) we set  fix price of grains (1200)/quintal right 
Yet again, I can't  believe someone downvoted this news bit.
Bro China's agriculture is capitalist in nature since 1982 
This government is selling India to Adani and Ambani, and in the face of opposition to this move by the agrarian and monopoly capitalists, I will face 'Pakistan and China' with my 56-inch chest, crush the jihadists and say 'Aarsha Bharat culture' again, and become 'poor Narayanans' again. .. Even if it is a farmer who returned to Bandara due to government policy and bought poison at home. If the government gives relief to 6000 farmers on the eve of elections, then all is well .. then we can give relief again before the next election ...
He is not working for govt he is working for country  
You mean CRIMINALS hold a man hostage. In country were the law enforcement and judiciary are not a joke these terrorists would have been gunned down by law enforcement months ago
To be farmer u need to 
Tum sale juthe Ho sale
Bjp party ka end game hone wala ha 
Why protest without seeing how law will impact.
If your support in farmers than subscribe my channel 
Thank you Trevor for speaking up about this serious issue while Indian paid media and news channel has completely failed. Lots of love and respect.
cruel Mindset). tried creating communal disturbances example Bangalore, 
100 hitech.....100 hitech......100...
Which constitutional amendment relating to the form bill
How government working to scandalized farmer's image by a propaganda.
Great speach  great pm Imran khan   burrrah
There is no doubt that farmers are fighting for entire country as they always serve food for mother India.
I am with Indian farmer
Banning Chinese apps but copying china administration. Wah modiji wah
In my city, every wednesday the farmers directly sell their products at a comparatively lower price. Perhaps, if the bill is successfully implemented there is a fair possibility that the uniformity in the price of the commodities will be hampered. Ofcourse, the consumers will go for the lower prices. And this will probably add to the fury of the middlemen, if at all involved.
We understand u need funds to run ur channel .. but pl not try it at the cost of my nation progress.
Lol organised by CPI protestors
People like u r a shake to this country...
Many many thanks sir jee
Very well research priya mam Why don't you be middleman to negotiate between govt and farmers
Fucking democresy for terrist
BJP and RSS terrorists encroached on the Red Fort.
You used pic before 2 years back
Shame on z
Modi every law is filled with confusions and controversies. He never seek the advice and interest of the people while making law.He only consider Big firms, tycoon businessmen.I think he is saving his income with these businessmen in the form of providing them benefit.
Aaj tractor Aur kisan Road par Hain 
Ye to soutcase chor HHH tikait
I am support always farmer
That's why china developed and too much democracy hurt development of the country 
This will work well in the long term.. there will be some short term pain
Good reporter
Dhrno pe bethe  congress ke neta nhi ha vo kisan ha ....show room me sbji bechoge or hmari jeb lutwaoge  tum desh ko  to bech diya..
Jatt agitation didn't bring much gains for the community in Rajasthan after regime change.
Atleast Pakistan isnt abusing minorities as India is doing with Sikhs and Muslims
THE POLICE OFFICER  TOOK BRIFE.IF NOT WHY DONT THE POLICE ARREST MINISTER AND HIS SON.
God blessed uuh mere bhaii
India needs those farm laws 
International media can speak for it if we can dicuss there matter like (amzon fire). india is one of the largest democratic country if it's democracy is effected it effects the credibility of democracy all over world
Ravish khan
Wonderful explanation sir mind-blowing
COVD -19 BURDA OK BULAIR MASKE YOK KMSEDE.
Jindabadfarmers are the real heros of our country..proud of you
It doesnt matter if you support the farmers bill or oppose it. You have to admit that the way it was passed was completely undemocratic
Listening to DK Singh is anytime yes  . DKSingh says they did support farm laws in principle yes, but at the same time Shekar Gupta was propagating about how the poor farmers are going to suffer just by making assumptions and painting sinister color to it
Shekhar Gupta knows better than farmers. All his previous videos and arguments were proven to be wrong and false.
developing india.once they get funding dont you think getting an 
Abey congi didn't you express your rejection on roads through violent riots? Why do you want to discuss when the same are being repealed. All you idiots did only this for 9 months and want to waste precious time of the Parliament too? Your plan is just to blame the govt. which wanted to liberalise farming sector, in the parliament. Never voting for these power hungry leeches, never!
Exlent your ideas
Stop alliance with BJP
Rakesh was earlier supporting farm bill, he somersaulted after seeing an opportunity in upping his political status.
If u r not aware, then don't make a video on it. Because u have zero practical knowledge , beacause  Punjab and Haryana is the highest producers of wheat and rice and they have a MSP to to sell at. No one bargains in the mandis , because the msp is there in Punjab and Haryana.,one more thing this kind of law are already failed in some developed countries like France . So first equipped yourself with the practical knowledge then make a video on any topic.
Prostitutes of government reading the news
Mr Khachhar never uttered a single world that deserved him to be chief minister.  He is most absurd person in politics When centre abolished article 370; his reaction was " now hariyanwi can go get a kashmiri women. it tell me he has no respect for women, whether  they are at home or elsewhere in country. To protesting farmers He said they are Khalistanis , and he is still CM.
	Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region
vote for akliesh yadavvote for akliesh yadavvote for akliesh yadav
Finally... farmers win 
Hindu Virodhi nonsense is not gonna work and noone's gonna buy it because India has 80 percent Hindus. I swear, how is Hindu in Khatra?
I don't usually agree with what you say on your show, sir, but this is one episode I can get behind 100%.  Thank you for this episode, and your guest speaker was excellent.
FARMER'S  agitatation  WELCOME 
Air, Water, Food, Clothes, Resident, Wife/Husband, Child, do you think these not enough to live honest and peaceful, truthful life!
Pls upload essay on "Corruption and Black money"
Very clearly explained. An impartial  account  of the effect of the farmer's  bills.
Myself Barnali Adhikary a private tutor from Hooghly, WB, India, I live with my mother. My father had passed away, I  am having no siblings,  I have lost all of my tutions due to lockdown situation & being the only earning member of the family, going through extreme financial trouble, having no other sources of help...my mother, a home maker, is suffering from chronic diabetes & high BP along with kidney disease, can't afford to continue with her treatment & can't buy urgent medicines for her, also unable to buy groceries and vegetables to sustain the daily needs to survive, hence requesting earnestly for your kind support urgently, please don't make nasty comments or calls and it's not any scam or fraudulence at all. A little bit of contribution could save our lives, hence contribute as per your capability...(contribute whatever you can via Google pay/phonepe/paytm number..9163429620,..... UPI ID..9163429620@upi or 9163429620@apl), or, (Barnali Adhikary
I think if in 2024 the Govt changes, 90% of TV news channels will be in peril about what to show in their primetime cos the sponsorships will stop rolling in!
The underlying problem that presenter highlighted in most of the drawbacks is - "apprehension that govt. would abandon and cease to exist as a player, hence leading to exploitation by private entities". But the government has assured that it would not cease to exist as a player and included strong provisions to protect the farmer in various situations. Further, if market forces resort to such behavior, govt has tools and capabilities to further enact the laws to protect farmers interests. But based on this apprehension alone, is it fair to disallow the private players who could reduce inefficiencies in the system and portrayed successful co-operative movements like Amul and others? Plus we have examples where govt. continues to exist as a player alongwith private entities - airlines, power, oil, telecom, banks etc.
Is farming knowledge don't have any other states of INDIA...
7:51 educated youth
You are One of the best teacher in my life sir ji 
thanks ji
protesting people are Indian Pakistani.
They only established their flag
If at all protesting farmers don't listen to the Government & take out tractors rally on 26 th January just to disturb national celebration day, Police should target the tyres of the tractors & shoot them so that tractors will not be able to move & see the result
Now one litre cooking oil is 200 rupees.  may be one crore farmers have become millionaire after selling oil in market.  if you find one please let me know. it
Was it verified if the actual profession of each protestor was farming only by the Delhi police
Time to boycott BJPright now...many events we have seen in recent years where BJP shaded blood and protected criminals.. muslim agenda to gain hindu votes.. IT cell of BJP doing great in brainwashing people's perspective.. BJP has polarised the country ,sold the country, made young generation jobless , poor people starved in lockdown while BJP raised money in lockdown .. they are making laws to gain control over judiciary too so that their criminal activities can be nullified. This much of disorder I have never seen in decades. .  This time don't go for BJP . Save your country
with this issue.
Only samajvadi party ayegi Akhilesh Yadav government ayegi
Roads are not blocked by farmers. They are blocked by police.
Polizia locale vire hard working 
Abhi tu party shuro hue hai india walo picture abhi baqi hai
Now goverment need to some talk with farmer 
Just see election manifesto of UPA you will see that they promise to do the same thing but they did not like it as it is done by NDA 
Crystal clear explanation on farm bils sir ..tq you so much ....how can I get  pdf on farm Bils sir
Great talk, well explained, even better than government of India. Maybe SG should talk to farmers and they will stop getting brainwashed .
Why were so many farmers against this? I thought cutting out the middleman means the farmers would have been paid more ?
Check out
oh understand v simpel retail buy to retail sell
The process is totally rong ...this is the power of majority....
Shame on you modhi government
This bill will provide ample opportunity for corporates to fatten their pockets.... Its not about congress or bjp.. its about ordinary people (farmer) one thing is sure that this bill will kick your stomach....
Thanks for your solidarity of public and actor and actress and sports person and doctors.
May people will understand in 2029
I AM proud of Kishan
Women like Afiya Saddiqi being tortured by terrorists the western governments for no reason.
Think from point of open market
Good respect 
Absolutely right and very authentically explained
Now Bikait will be shoed in every corner of Hindustan.
Do u guys have any fear of God or any humanity left ??  Remember, God, in whose name you are encouraging hate against common man knows the truth and your souls will have a lot to answer !
If it remains a farmers issue. It's fine. But if it becomes khalistani issue then strict action should be taken against anyone who is sowing seeds of such hatred against India.
So how can we say that this satyagrah is Non Violent ?
They are educated but no knowledge about ground reality,
Am ashamed totally, we have elected such RUTHLESS POLITICIANS to power.
Nasl bhedi court hai ye. Janta ka ashtha court se uth chuka hai.
Anti Indians must leave the country immediately...
I m so happy that scoop hoop and few other digital media outlets exists. I was never ashamed of anything about my country except the loons like republic tv AajTak abp India tv  zee news etc etc . I mean they are stooped down to a level where even Pakistan media feels better . They have lost the true sense of journalism. But in you guys I see the light at the end of the tunnel. This is what is called True journalism . love and respect to you guys . And your commitment shows in the fact that you stayed their up until 11:00. We can feel the dedication and hard work behind that cute laugh
Support Bharat
Elections are near
Truth always win 
Religious flags should be at Gurudwara or temples.
The point is Any Laws can Repealing  But for that need, violent protest,  betting police, damage public property, spreading Cov19, road block and the opposition party will help them.
Police shot one of the farmer on his head 
thnk u bbc
And also owaisi  planned muzzafarpur  riots right na tikait ji
I Support Farmers.! 
i would like to say I'M nuetral here because i dont know what the farm laws are but if farmers wanna protest they can and have rights to do it, but why do they wanna attack police officers i mean they can make fun of the govt and stuff they can burn down modi's posters all that is alright but pls dont attack police officers they are only doing their job u think they wanna do all this no its their job to protect their country and thats what their doing so please sont target police offficers, i agree that some of them are mad and doin inhumane things but most of them are not doing much.
Brave Hearts Care.
India can't resolve internal crisis what can do India in Afghanistan
Sanjay Singh for Prime Minister the only man vwho is questioning the ruling party and sharing his knowledge of social aspect 'Rakhi bidlan ko woman welfare and social security mantralay
ma'am is baar audio quality poor hai.. information is all good.
The more I see this video the more stupid this man makes himself look. He refuses to acknowledge that people genuinely did not like the laws and felt that they were bad and so they were. 
Best example is jio destroying telecommunication sector
BEFORE REVOKING THE 3FARM LAW , FARMERS NOT TO LEAVE SITE . 
Abhi  sealed weapons bohot hai
Lallontop only contains to earning money from YouTube Modi,BJP
Is it possible for the farmers to accept the modified terms of farm laws and monitor the consequences of new farm laws for a couple of years. If these are not beneficial, whether the govt is prepared to scrap them after two years term.
BKU har baar Election ladti h to Political to howa hi.
We support farmers...Jai hind..
* He and we *
He is a Singh now
Why govt is giving diesel to these tractors??stop giving diesel to these tractors..
They'll say no!! Blatantly right!!
You were asking for repeal and then discuss it? Kind of funny! Move on and try to do something useful
Initially , in Punjab free electricity to farmers was limited to those with 5 or less acres. But as the Rich Farmers' lobby is the dominant political group, free electricity  was extended  to all farmers without any limit of their landholding.
So it was a war between British owned King and Farmer. And today again its a Queen Owned Shudra and Farmer. 
Back to square 1
Its only shaking Khalistani Terrorists in Canada and Pakistanis (rouge country - father of Taliban and mother of al-qaida)
Thank you NDTV for being the only major media channel covering this
My dear explain Krna hai toh acha se kro
The Mandi agents, under the currently passed laws, will have to provide traceability of their transactions with the farmers as well as the retail end where they would off-load their stock ... and that will be taxable ... !! ... No more driving BMWs without paying Taxes ... !! ... So, whether it is Mandi agents or Corporates ... the Govt. will mop up taxes ... which was missing for 73 years ... !!
Shame on u I can't find words for u godi media
Modi loves giving foreign leaders big bear hugs but this is his treatment of his own countrymen......shameful
so according to this report Famers ke pas have koi budhi --- govt is trying to help --I guess less educated
Instead of protesting against government if farmers unite and bargain with traders that would be much better for them
So who is gonna correct this ..judiciary!!!
Incredible India
My expectations to take place in next few days
This is going to be my lecturette... Topic..
every video is so informative not creating a biased opinion like dhruv tatti rabish kumar arnab guswami. he gives very correct information .good going nitish rajputji
Aurr bnaoo
Once again drugs mafia won....
Is this is democracy some r bring bill and some r taking it back with out any discussion
Should we really trust Rahil Kanwal....??
This policemen is related to RSS. RSS is common enemy of people of India.
This is not new in new India, they are maligning image of minorities and opposition parties. Well managed propoganda tool .
This just goes to show the same socialist appeaser leaders are in every country. Canada has Trudeau, we have Pappu
Our peoples should be forgiven, and not punished,  but others should be taken action on !
Only akhilesh
Even the Dy Speaker is. Iased. Shame on him.
Godi media team attentively watching & muting opposition speakers when they about to put the questions n words forward in front of the viewers.
I want to ask one thing Ki sb kuch hmare vha time pr kyu nhi hota na colleges Mai na govt offices mai
Just wait and watch..
Farmer win power of farmer
Hahaha why bother?
u know what pm sahab ist tym m listeining u coz of farmers.
Godi media... dont explain  that u dont understand... show farmer's pain struggle they are facing now
Newspaper: The Indian Express only!
Crystal clear sir.....
Great Indian 
*We should all stop work, block roads, block railway lines, use lathi and tractors on anyone against us, make babies; and hope country progress*
Can they sell directely to retailers
Environment: soils can be degraded, chemicals and excessive use of fertilisers all have negative footprint in a market driven crop. 
This is a terrorist attack on our farmers... Up ata must take action
*Hotspots are being created deliberately in India*
where r the stones in ur  1st video??shame on ur journalism
Shame on the Government... How dare they treat our Farmers like this... What the hell is wrong with the Government... Let the Farmers protest
Central government are criminal activity on Indians.
If msp is minimum price should be given to a farmer according to govt. , then think about those who have to sell their crops below MSP.
Dirty politics. Farmer's protest is already hijacked by a gang of separatists, jihadis & naxals. Poor farmers are made scape goats.
Tea is fantastic
Shame on BJP
Issue with closing statement 60 years Ago  system changed but not for good and this time we have to change it for good.
Farmers or Punjabi Sikhs only
Ashraf Ghani the puppet of USA & there colleges are  Corrupted, Killers of the innocent. Drugs Trafficker they cannot work with Taliban they are not serious to talk with Taliban.The attitude of Ashraf Ghani looks that they all be Hanged to death unlike their predecessor Mujeeb 
He truly  a good PM  khalistani's should not be spared for wrong doings in red fort n the girl who was raped in farmers protest should be punished..they should not be spared..Rakesh tikait must now stop his rubbish politics..
So the farmers were absolutely right... The question is if the govt really cared about the farmers what was so difficult in making the MSP mandatory? Bcz the farm laws did have some good features but for just this one loophole the govt let it all go and repealed the laws
      .. ........... ..     ....          only  ... .... .
Many people lost their lives just because of our beloved pm Narendra modi.... if not modi than who?? yes truly we got answer...
Some of them, like Khalsa aid, serve people in the name of Khalsa not without intention of serving. 
Brother kisaan andolan tohh dikh rha hai tummhay or yeh tohh Sirf 2 saal se chal rha hai but what about general caste peoples 75 years se Ladd rha hai what about them kabhi sochaa hai unkkay Barray Mai Tumnnay unn bachoon ki kya galtii hai
I support my farmers
BEHIND THE BARS FOR LIFE ..
mismatch voice and video
Antisikhmatic media
Great initiative
*MODI nor BJP loss or failed*
Clearly these people have never even run a small office.
Chor j Huth
Hitler son Modi sansis dogs killed Lucknow farmers resign Modi resign Modi resign Modi resign terrorist organisation bio-war BJP resign Modi sansis dogs killed Lucknow farmers burn their homes terrorist organisation bio-war BJP resign
Welcome Modis Modern India.BJP masters (BJP was financially backed by Zionist AIPAC in 1980) are in USA/ISRAEL and they show they are loyal Indians but in fact they follow their masters to destroy India by Religion than divide by cast after that by language Etc.Divide and destroy that is BJP Agenda sounds very nationalistic but fact is destruction of this nation
It's even more violent and cruel to subject these farmers and their families to poverty and even lower quality of life. Stop demonizing people who are trying to upscale their quality of life to decent standards that have long been exploited by capitalism for maximum profits.
Thanks for sharing the details. In the solution, you mentioned as Govt  has assured getting MSP. 
Only 10% of people that buy Insurance claim it , that doesnot mean Insurance should not exist ..
Follow Ankit Agrawal on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ankitmay28
It's been so much turbulent (yester)day.there may be some alleged fringe element present. 1 year before approximately before some  FLAG RAISING POLITICS FEB 2020 something on someone else religious institution , if my clouding memory serves, this has served as Trend.let anybody whatsoever, plz  respect our CONSTITUTION OF INDIA; anybody of creed, color, caste, religion, race, gender, culture, class etc.. Plz. EVERYTHING CAN 
This is time to act. A few people with antinational agenda cannot be allowed challenge the authority of government of India. 
Good explanation.  Thanks
All hindus need to stand together this is not farmer protest
You have made a worthful video, Thanks for making me understand. Appreciate your work 
c. What is wrong with a market determined price for your output? Isn't that the way things work for all other types of products/services?
Essential commodity Act isiliye jaruri hai kyonki jo edible oils aur pulses jo roj ke jarurt hai unpar government influence hona jaruri hai. Nahi to is diwali pe edible oils ke prices kitane the vo to aapko pata hi hai. More than DOUBLE
Wow...Best contribution to Jai kissan quotes ...in future may be it will change to jai businessmans
 lathi charge hogaya... bhadiya hai... bohot din se pending tha farmers time waste kar rahe the bihot din se....
Taunting farmers are those who stop terrorism and black money by demonitization.
Only option 1 is correct
Mein Abhi Delhi office mein hon ,Kisano ko vote card mil Jaye ga ,
NDTV is more than happy than farmers
Thankyou brother to show us what is truth
awesome starting build up
To all those who are saying these three bills are master stroke. Go check make hypothesis of implementation, think about practicality, it will lead to extreme inflation.
Shameless govt
These are not farmers  but Gane  of anti national
Legal punishment must be severe to act as future deterrence. 
and Srilanka, Nepal and Bangladesh, Afghanistan almost converted and 
While the farmers might have won the battle, India lost the war. This ensures India stays an agricultural society for decades to come.
He must have been corrupted by politicians.. for sure...
  ,      or       15         MSP      ...   
Choose a pm who have a heart
So you think all 250 million people who are  participating in protest are all congressman? 
Sp+rld -380+
The comment section here is so educated
Poonamji now I do not think there is any Avenue left to bring further In Farm laws. The Laws are repelled parmanantly.
**PLEASE SUPPORT ME**
Why stress the "ONLY CHANNEL"
It's pure blackmailing entire establishment.  I blame government because they didn't acted swiftly in beginning  just like Shaheen baug.
Although the solution may seem unacceptable, but division is better than destruction. 
The Laws themselves have always been great in their spirit to usher in a great era for independence in farming economy. The first thing that angered the farmers was the suddenness and swiftness with which the laws were enacted without prior engagement and sensitization of farmers to what was coming up. Nobody implements such far reaching laws with such brashness like what Pheku did. Instead of mitigating that anger the Pheku dominated media and govt machinery went into assault mode which further exacerbated the problem by compelling farmers to take postures which just kept getting worser and worser. It was all Phekus Ego right from the start that he wouldnt listen and it was the other side that had to listen. All his apologies and soft tone now is purely a facade and election gimmick. Why else would a PM who was trumpeting development hardly 1 day ago, even using the IAF for his election by landing in a C-130 on his expressway Also apologize ? Because it was clear that nobody bought that empty progress Nautanki. This sadly is the Only way to make the Narcissist Pheku Listen  when it is election time.
and newspapers to spread negativity about those who are working in 
ticket is a tatti neta
*diverting Panjabs natural resources to Rajhastan and UP, adversely affecting Panjabs agriculture
Is she's an IAS officer?
*burnol out of stock today*
This is fake news
North Indian channel number one chootiya channels
VG has given the worlds largest finiancial assistance ever to farmers Rs16 per day per farmer How much mors geneeous can VG be ?
These r farmers..this channel has a good viewership from bjp minded chutiya bhakts..most of the people of west bengal support the farmers in the red fort
People were not getting the full story here in the USA!
Must needed video!  Support farmers.
The security of India was favored and poor farmers lost. The middleman of the farming industry won.
These laws enormously BENEFITTED the small and marginal farmers, but NOT the middlemen.
The law is basically India's biggest middleman removing his competition.
I feel so fortunate and happy to have come across this channel.. The things I find bewildering are so lucidly explained!
you think we people are fool we know that you are the part of political so don't teach a farmer. Every farmers know all types of trading.
He slapped brainwashed bhakts so hard their dropped IQ rise to least average level
Tikait chaduni pandher and pannu have instigated the farmer youth by their inflammatory statements... Liquor was also responsible as many people were drunk
Withdraw the damned bill...why is the government so adamant?
I stand with farmers
Vary nice class sir ji
You should make a video on "how to negotiate*
To News anchor: If your son were ramed down under the car then what would you do? give him a nice hug ?  Ye Kese News channel hain? Besharam & pro criminals.
Very well  said  Dear Student keep it up what they think  are FARMERS are Aliens we pray for  You Students You Are Feature  LEADERS thankyou
If we see Sonu Sood he has never met any such activities like jnu, CAA now farmer protest but when country need he was came whithout any special gesture.
Think before u cast ur votes
Love you brothers
In Support of  Farmers Protest please hear our latest song 'Kisan Lives Matter" https://youtu.be/gfhL4uqvges 
S-States have different procurement polices which differentiative the reach of MSP regime
INDIAN POLICE MURDABADD 
Pak Army Military might ,providing full strength military supply and training to Taliban 
The bill which is passed such undemocratically in the parliament was bound to fall along with the arrogance of those in power and so it happened.
This is not acceptable. 
Kyun Bhai...pehle toh tum bol rahe the ki farm laws bahut ache h....ab Kya hua
Excellent explanation.. Thanks dear
With workers Labourers
How narrative is created??
coward modi  punjab save all india nd now u torture punjab nd sikhs shame on u
Remove this law... Why too much ego in front farmers.. Where is agricultural minister.. Only modi and amit shah handling all ministry in this modi government. No role for other ministers only 2 voice in this party.. Others are just like a dummy ministers, Why to much Democracy inside BJP party ........
You are doing great work bro! 
What after Bharat Bandh ? Frustration of oppositions visible on their faces. Farmers doing everything except farmers cause.
Godi media report. Farmers leaders with Indian state planned this incident by giving direction to farmers that they will march to red fort.
Just months ahead of the launch of its Rs 1-lakh wonder, the world's cheapest car Nano, auto maker Tata Motors has started the process of expanding the dealership network for passenger car.
Shameful! Pathetic. What has happened to Law and justice in our country!
Any form of Indiscipline  should b dealt firmly
This is just the begining
Please dont blame isi for this
LOWER CASTE CONVERTS BC
The truth is out after the Video were a Jeep ran over farmers.  Dictatorship will not work in India Godse ke Bhakton
Some farmer leader and opposition for his selfish interest block road which hurt eco and daily life of people if they want to protest go jantar mantar or ramlila maidan etc places not highway or road
1. vedio jo use ki start mein vo kb ki hai phle ye pta krein purani vedio daal rahein hai agr sirf publicity leni hai fr thik hai 
Your caption "Prime Minister announces HUGE RELIEF to farmers is Inappropriate. Change it.  Your caption is made to appear as if the farmers have been /are undergoing the sufferings due to unjustified misdeeds of someone else and the Prime Minister has come forward to eradicate the sufferings of farmers
Sandeep choudhary imandaar patrkar hai
May it be demonstration or Gst, all schemes of this govt are a failure, thank god punjab farmers didnt fall back, finally govt got scared of elections and bowed to the farmers of india..nation saved from a stupid decision
Proud of you farmers  
In rakshas logonka property jupth karo, aur peeche ache tharah marke under dalo
Here after the laws were repealed. Very bad precedent set by the government. No reforms can be brought in this country. Sad. Some tweaks was needed not Repealment
Millions of farmers are protesting .
Now all Farmers will become Rich millionaires 
Sorry Singh brothers India is bad country
MSP is not going away by its implication but by slow death of stopping FCI purchase.
Peace to all
Kisan garpe he ..setan road pe he
Very good.dont leave the roads. 40 lakh tractors mangwao Tokaitji
It is so upsetting to see so many senior citizens, going through all this but also inspiring at the same time. Such a strong sense of community. We are all with the farmers!
Whoever questioned the farmers today in this PC on Teni resignation demand, hats off to him for possession of audacity to ask a question which can corner both SKM & government.
Areej acchwr fatima acchar abguusdffy7cgrt7fts
Police - Goons in uniform can laevel others as Goons and can arrest or attak them
Now I want everything
For Bramins, those who do agriculture/ farming are untouchables. With them holding the highest office, farmers and commoners will be treated very badly. :(
Kashmir to North (historical)
Indian media never covered foreign countries protest on farm laws
So the SC finally wakes up.
Sir WTO Ke "Agreement of agriculture" k bare mai bhi btaiye
India need to openly support all anti Canadian separatists moment.... Many French speaking state in canada want separate country... india need to give them support of all kind
Modi or bjp  mooh ke baal geera. modi dont play with jumlas and joot. phoot shoot leaders beware.. Shameless godi media, now change topic to blame kissan.
Inko thokna shuru karo ya sab political parties ka tools ha crackdown karo in chuyltiyo pa I am farmer for himachal pradesh .
These voilence r going by...unknown people which r earned by govt...to do voilence in peaceful farmers protests...this is fact....and some voilencers r placed by opposition parties... By which this peacuful protest named as attwadi protest...#fact
My Q is why do we need parliament, election, hefty monthly salary to MPs who come sit fart eat subsidized food. Booze  in  DCA club.
sorry but modiji is getting soft day to day.
Atleast the government should say we suspend the laws till Covid threat is gone and then u can have aandolan Or talks whatever the way may be
...... Today's the Punjabis who are actually Punjab showed us their reality. 
Agar Bill farmers k benifit k liye hi to government Kyun Bill chor darwaze se lekye aayi
Shameless protests costing national economy,tractors must be used only in farm lands not in posh roads,need strong,disciplined judiciary.
Thank you so much sir,,
He is looking like chanawala more then a politician
Save nation.
"Kisaan Andolan " an opposition sponsored rich Punjab farmers violent  agitation backed by radical unions . Insulting national flag on Ganatantra is divas is not excusable. The attacking on police and hitting DTC vehicles with tractors is a Gandhi mark andolan?! Tool kits in Twitter and conspiracy to destabilise government!? The Punjab farmers can sign contracts with lays but not other state farmers?! With old farmer laws only Punjabies enjoying by throwing extra paddy on government ! ? They should think of farmers committed suicide with out dated farm laws!? Farm laws are held up with by
Taliban knows Sikhs will retaliate all over the worlf
dear sir, I am really impressed with your knowledge and way of teaching / explaining things ... I mostly watch all your videos... keep it up.
If this is how Lallantop tells a story then what can you say about the rest of the  Godi Media, Shame on you Lallantop! I thought you were better than this but you disappoint me. Neither do you know the real story behind George Floyd nor do you have the guts to tell what happened to Ranjit Singh. You are just another shameless channel. Absolutely nothing to draw any parallels between George Floyd and Ranjit Singh. The concept of freedom and right to stand for self protection is so alien to the cowardly people who report like this is that they don't understand what 'Stand Your Ground' means. The people who fought for India's freedom were very different from the people who are running it now. Ranjit Singh had nothing wrong and was just 'Standing his Ground' when he was attacked by Gunda elements of BJP brought in by the Law Enforcement Agencies. What he did that day is absolutely commendable. Proud of you brother Ranjit Singh! An honourable society will learn from you and and a dishonest people will try to propagate lies on top of lie to malign bravehearts like  Ranjit Singh's image. Once again Lallantop, a big mountain of shame on your face.
Phone fruits traders
His acting is so irritating
Awesome video. Huge fan of your videos.
BJP Full Form is Be rahaim Jalaad Party
Used to like your news Arnab but disappointed that you're supporting Modi on this. I always thought you were pro-India but YOU ARE NOT!!!!
I request all the people of India and political parties come forward for our Indian farmers. Jai kissan.
' The farm law issue is settled', says Arnab Goswami. The farmers aren't ready to withdraw their movements, unless the 3 farm laws are officially repealed. So the farm law issue is not settled yet.
PM Modi has done a great Job to liberalize Indian Agriculture and paved the way to introduce industrial capital in agricultural products which in turn help boost the rural economy . It will help extend the  market on which modern Indian independent capitalism will grow. It will give India a great purchase power like China. Every country will come to India to sell their goods. It will extend India's tax giving people more than 100 crores. When 80% Indian peasants start buying things for their choice and requirements, Industry will grow hundred and hundred folds. Unemployment problem will solve. A great great thumps up for the very Job by BJP and PM Modi jee. It has hurt the interest of 5 i's and Canada is one of them. They are the white colonial and extracted the labor of black people from Africa. They enslaved and tortured the black African and made money like UK, USA, Australia, New Zealand. They along with their follower who want to extract the blood of poor Peasant of our country. Red salute to BJP who did the great job which Left could not achieve for their majority. Left of India should support the Bill with some constructive  suggestions and  rectifications.
Absolutely beautiful song
In truth I tell you, anyone who gives heed to what I say and puts his trust in him who sent me, has hold of eternal life and does not come up for judgement, but has already passed from death to life.  (at John 5: 24) 
It has been created by  oppositition
Raise voice against injustice, otherwise you will be enslaved
BHUL JAO SECULARISM
When they've been repealed, congress is saying something else.
Jay Shree ram from TRIPURA 
Support farmers need justice for farmers
Really helped to WIDE the horizon!!! Thanks a lot!
I'm a Hindu and I don't support bjp
Shee news
Shame on the people those who warming up their politics with out feeling about the families those who lost their dear ones. Modi should kick out the minister
Till about six months back you were supporting these farm laws and now you are singing a different tune.
---Keeps nibbling lands from ChinaTibett and Kashmir that led to a war in 1962 and 
Rakesh has lost self respect 
Congratulations to all brave farmers and brave news laundry team
Jai jai Jawan,  kishan,  aam janta ekta & ... Hope SKM will achieve a great victory soon, in almost all issues ...
Guys, do you remember Kashmir, that existed struggling for their rights, now strapped where you don't have right to protest, you see water I have seen pellets bullets oil then fire etc. Then arrests then torture then psa for years then etc etc. India has learned a lot how to colonize
This 9 year old guy taught me ,16 yr old , 3 farm laws !   Appreciable!
We support kisan brothers. Jai kisan
tickat should become p m of next  india he is bachpai of congress
Joy farmers longlive farmers
talk with maturity
In Bahan chodon ko border par ladna chahiye lekin ye kisanon par jor ajmayish Kar rahe hai shame on Delhi police
You did not tell the full form of MSP
Speaker must appear. What did you invite that ***hole?
They need well recognition which will influence future generations to contribute lot in this field.
Our country is heading towards dictatorship... Death of democracy
Teaching, how to protest
These farmer are not real but they r real terrorist
Motherchod media
Moreover,the law allows any corporate to store unlimited stock which can cut short the supply and higher demand will lead to higher prices for the costumer. So, wheat which is being sold for 25/kg can even rise by 200%.
Police girl adda khol ke bethi
SALEY CHOR
Shero ke sher i love kissan union  Allah haq ke sath hai
Nothing is abolished and actually one more parallel system govt introduced.. That's it.. Every thing is same but also it's another option for the farmers
Just FYI, the crux of the laws were first brought in by the UPA govt which were opposed by the BJP(then in the opposition)! And the consequences of the laws: Will reduce the dependence on middlemen and make the producers or famers richer2.will incentivise agri diversification meaning growing lesser water guzzling crops  3. will reduce stubble burning considerrably meaning the Capital region will be relieved of the notorious toxic smog that engulfs the capital in the winter months and suffocates the population...
Pray for the afganistan
CENTRAL GOVERNMENT BECAME AS A REMOTE CONTROLL IN CORPORATE PEOPLE HAND- JAI SRI RAM
Kangana route will be Embraced by the farmers Family who Died in this Protest, So Sad 700 Farmers  killed Afsoos Politics
Great actor Ravi kishan sir
Thank you . very informative
One of the men eaten banana  first then bloody throw the peel on the road.. irresponsible
Ammendment are better option than repealing of law.main thing is only related to three laws.
Thanks to sikh community for display of this vitality  this movement turned out to be a rejuvenating performance by lively farmers on national plane 
Dear Kisan Bhaiyon ,  pl ask to your paid leaders that  how much amount Ardthiyas have earned in wheat procurement. You ask your leaders whether this  amount could have earned by farmers or not. If you gave this reply of this question I will consider you budhijivi otherwise u r also Andhbhagat and has self motive in this movement.kindly get reply of this question I will consider you all budhijivi otherwise u r also Andhbhagat and you are saying to Modi Followers and you have self motive in this movement. If your paid leaders donot reply of these questions then you have no right to follow them. I will not accept that data of procurement are wrong as these data are published by Deptt of Food, Govt of India before 2014 also. Take these questions seriously and while tikait i is repeteadely going to Punjab and Haryana. U would have  understood. When u organis a programme in Mandi definitely Ardthiyas and so called service provider will arrange people.  It's Badappan of Modi govt that they again invited with agenda. Otherwise SKM leaders don desrve for this Bcoz they have not prioritised agenda on famers problem. In Rajasthan alone more than 28 lakh farmers equal to total farmers of Punjab and Haryana have more than 2 ha land but they don get income of 2 Acre of irrigated area. They never get benefit of loan mafi and EBC reservation. Does your paid leaders of SkM has any information or picked up their issue. Never and now just for richer farmers of Punjab lobbying against these 3 Acts of which maximum clause were implemented in 2008-9 before implementation of AMiGS scheme. Tikait says that godowns have been formed before act were passed. Bechara Tikait is not aware about Grameen bhandarayan yojana statred in 2004 and AmIGS started in 2098-09 by aminrinf ApMC acts. Rural entrepreneurs who constructed bigger godowns  exposed him.
Why dont he gave DEMO by taking one DANDA on his own Head.  This is make them very very clearr
That's my country pakistan
This can't be an advantage for farmers.
RUSSIA IS SUPPORT TALBAN
 proud of trudeau
Whatever Modi is doing is for wellness of the Country............. and formers
 sort capitalist -absentee land lordship  exploitative form of 
It is not necessary that private company will not store the goods like apmc traders do.
Bjp privatisation la rahi h, N kisan vl be at their mercy... this needs to modified or scrapped.
They are not farmers, they politically motivated.
Sorry MITRON
Kh.ngress n pigs involved....they want yogi remove from cm ceat  n ...pigs candidate is d cm post
U can see that the farmers in AP were protesting for the last 350 days and BJP is not only keeping quiet., But is going against them in court of law by its affidavits supporting the ruling YSRCP, to teach a lesson for its alliance partner walking out from NDA
Edg
Brokers protest upi screams
Best to report this channel's videos..  they are always misleading.
Do you think ground nut, sun flower, soya  formars getting more than MSP? No. 
Very well explained sir
All of them are starving children! Wow
Just few people criticise media
raise your hands and say  I respect the sikhs .but i hate khalistan
Fifty-five hundred seven Forty nine two Forty seven two thirty eight fifteen hundred four fifteen hundred five fifteen hundred fifteen sixty hundred one one seven thousand and  sixty-six three three four three eighty one seventy nine three eighty two seventy three fourteen hundred ten twenty thirty Forty five twenty three five twenty nine five twenty two two two billion and zero sixteen hundred two 1622222 views
#varshney bhai thankyou and hongkong. CRisis pa bhi
i'm very convinced that development in india is almost next to impossible
PM don't agree with SC ORDERS..
We want farm laws. Arrest these farmers.
People just want to see the 5 second clip,they dont want to know what happened before the car hit them. Dont mind those abduls in comments.
The Capitol looks different here
Muder of democracy
This is a struggle very much charecteristic of India, the India of diversity, in which every  sect, faith, caste, religion, class, region, identity, ideological claims,... is up in arms against the "others".
History is created again kaun tha kaun hai.... But my perception is right he did million s wishes... 
Respected Ravish Kumar sir, please enter the date at the beginning of the title.
Who's give journal licence for him 
No one should trust or recognize the Taliban, not also send any money or support UNTIL they are gone, or have an inclusive government... this government of terrorist suspects is a joke.
If there is justis in your side open live chat ...
Mr. Imran Khan is honest man, he truly deserves to be prime minister of Pakistan.  He is right about Taliban.
But nothing decisive.
Why does the police officer feel the need to make this questioning public with the microphone on? Bizarre!
Tomorrow is my debate competition.......
No governnment can buy all agricultural produce in a country or control price. Eventually market system has to exist. Currently govt just buys few food-grains on MSP for Public Distribution System which benefitted Punjab and Haryana farmers. This system will continue but farmers are misled by few special interest group and political parties.
Send in rss then if they got the balls to face the sardars
This tikket and his jahil team will never stop the agitation... Their sponsorers don't want to stop... The richest farmers of India is doing this protest... If these jahil tikket do not leave our court must intervene
If Modi and his govt can loot and destroy farmers livehood and living 
They produce unwanted crop in excess,
Short, quick, complete and perfect...you ace this game of narration.
Dear Shekhar In ARTHAT i Lalan Top Anshuman Tiwari with Darpan has pointed out the core issue and  its absence in these Farm Laws. If you can please give your views on this  aspect of the issue ?
Note it, now no one is gonna take the initiative to make any amendment in any farmer law at least for the next decade . Well done poor minded rich farmers u won 
NDTV.. Plz come up with a Hindi version for the same to reach the masses.
Sikhs must return to India!!
Everyone for himself and God for us all
Thousands of farmers die every single year.. no tweets by rihanna or greta on that. But the government wishes to bring new laws to increase the earnings of small farmers, a certain group starts protesting against the reforms and an ecosystem developes..
It was intentional not an accident. 
Shame on indian prime minister he should learn something from canadian PM
Oye CONGRESS  aur BJP CHODO  can you just be with the farmers and be a true Indian media
If the second scenario is the case than it will send a false message about the actual market. Because good prices to the farmers means good demand in market which will inturn attract more people to do farming and than government have to spend even more to procure these  products . And because of demand and supply disbalance the procured product will just rot in the storage bins i.e. rotting of our tax money.
Tq very much
Very well explained.. Good work Samdish
Manipulative reporting, 
Modijee and Amit Shah's Waterloo happened in West Bengal.
Video was very very informative. Thank you very much.
If you like to live as a fool and slave then you need work. money , politic , goverment system everything.....
No  one disrespect  indian  flag   show any one video  in which  indian  flag  is removed
One of the most beautiful video I have seen. You just didn't explain the problems and provided the solution but even incorporated examples of Ola and explained them also. Kudos to you. 
Thank u so much sir. 
Because msp or apmc is beneficial for only Punjab and Haryana.
Some good news at last.
SHAMELESS congressmen, congresswomen, congressees, etc....... I *VOW, SWEAR, take OATH to NEVER EVER* vote to congressmen, congresswomen, congressees, their direct and/or indirect associates and/or allies and/or supporters, etc........ whatsoever
Unity such brotherhood you shan't ever find in world but India. 
NDTV is now sold off to the wolves. It's getting quite obvious with the questions.
Model of acha din our prime minister boasted of and promised during his election campaigns ..too much noice and promises but with zero results..
BUT THE FARMING COMMUNITY NOT BELIEVING HIM KEEPING IN VIEW ALL HIS FALSE PROMISES MADE IN THE PAST. THEY ARE CONTUNUING THEIR STRUGGLE UNTIL THE LAWS ARE ORIGINALLY REPEALED BY PARLIAMENT
Mockery can bring you likes. It doesn't make your presentation logical.
It was NOT violence - it was MIRDER by BJp who ran their vehicles from the back while farmers were leaving the protest PEACEFULLY
Achay din by Bjp
TheWire /  
super information
  is Great....
And so called farmers protester want msp??
realize yourself in your mind .....
Then who is at fault?
Very confused reporting. 
The farmers bill affects all of India. I dont understand why there are only protesters from Punjab. There are other Indian states that have far more farmers than Punjab however theres no objection from there. wonder why , seems like they maybe incentivized by the the Congress government in Punjab to protest against the central government of India. 
Media like NDTV should be responsible. Looks like now they are not happy with govt decision on taking back of farm laws and crying over political benefit
I'm glad that we are concerned about other countries problems as usual besides ours shows you where people's hearts really are do they love this country or do they love to use it
Andh bhakts still saying that they attacked first and ministers son lost control, crazy how people are, to prove themselves right they would even justify murders of these people.. Please dont vote for modi next time or in no time india will be in ruin, the rich will get richer and poor will get poorer. Open your eyes india
They are against farmers...
Sell your fertilizer and pesticide shares!!
Thanks sir for lovely details.
I agree with you to a large extent.  I however disagree when you claim Hindus and Sikhs are separate fundamentally. 
It is quite certain that Modiji n his Govt shall not do anything which is against the farmers.                  
he is very down to earth person he walks in street he goes door to door he ride bike n i must say he really wants to ban Taalibaan even I agree they should be banned   
Thanks for the valuable information sir ji .
Pahli bar police walon pe lathi charge hote dekha 
We r with the farmers.
India Today has become a spokesperson for BJP
This is only politics,
This government is anti farmer anti poor
It might be a great thing for farmers but its obvious that their not willing to takr the risk.
Tikaith Sahab you are  right.
What is arti that you are referring many times?
cngrs best drama team poor frmer dnt go bad line
It is a defeat of India's democracy... it's a defeat of people who choose BJP... India's Darpok PM ever Mr.Modi
Sir kuch term jaise ke name of organization........... please English me translate karke batayega..
And the irony is once a while opposition had mentioned to brig these law in their menifesto...and now they themselves are opposing it..
Republic TV, Continu to swallow everything from the government. Now we're all excited about UP lections 
Thanku sir this  video for me very useful
Most of them r not even farmers... They r just stupid protestors from khangress
Support khalistan from nepal
Where are you ? You should be there
Feel sorry for andhbhakts & godi media anchors 
May there be peace  
 However, the Nano brand so far does not find a mention in the available passenger car dealership application forms, which ask applicants to give their five year sales and service estimates for six brands - Indica, Indigo, Indigo-Marina, Safari, Sumo and Spacio.
Kangna madam you want to go in farmers home what they will facing problem
So I see so many negative comments like people have switched off their brains and believing what they are showing, I feel like the people who are carrying sticks and assaulting Police may not even be farmers, all the farmers demands are slowly getting agreed by government so 
Jo desh public sector ke service ko use karte hai unko hi Sahi mane Jo kam use karte hai public sector ke service ko agr Kar sakte hai toh ohh weather ke lie kuchh Kar Nahi paynga
So pathetic information
 that all the doubts farmers posed and will be tabled in next session of
Kya rakesh ticket nahi lagata just waiting their time.  Take other option
Thanks sr
Till America and the Great Greater Greatest Britain , the mother of all terror on earth, thrive the Taliban will grow and prosper. Their coffers will be refilled with arms and funds, their cause shall be rationalised in western universities and their savagery hushed up.Media like the BBC will tell the world that Modi and the Hindus  have to be kept in checkPakistan, shall continue to be on the grey list. But third world menaces like viruses and floods are suddenly making the civilised world a little vulnerable. Has the end game begun?
Long live our lado rani which means cute and sweet daughter
These r not Khalistan ,congresss man 
still now they not take any action what they are doing bloody cm
Farmers never demand ed since,,1950 during last congress government n Janta Dal govt when late
Loud and Clear 
Why shd i listen to ur channel  !!
Naveen p Singh, present chairman of cacp
Sir i am child of farmer and I listen from my Father he said to me there is no one for farmers but farmer's for everyone and no one respect farmer's that not good for aue country #respectfarmers
Why she is very sad? Unexpected bomb from PM? Unpatriotic lady.
You're BS. And I'm not saying you're full of BS. You yourself are BS. Stay in your lane
anchor is so biased 
India is crying so badly ... this is just the beginning ... get ready for more ... Jammu Kashmir is on bucket list of Taliban ...
So true , its not about religion its about our Kisan , Jai jawan Jai Kisan 
Fake Government who's making monopoly on country
After two years the politicians said we told that MSP is not in bill
BANDH is a  FLOP-ALL OPEN TODAY. 
for all loss central govt is responsible.
This is not a victory of indian punjabi farmers but also of farmers allaround World against exploitation of capitalism
Election  stunt
This type of decisions force youths to take action toward true democracy.... Like    &   .
Worst decission of bjp govt
Buy and support local businesses, products and produce only. Buy from your local small shops. Tell your family and friends... 
Farm bills are great. Labour laws are welcoming. 
Arre....it is not practical..in reality to remove MSP by GOVT na...bcz ....MSP is merely related to PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM..naa..nobody is talking abt
They don't know that there is a reason behind this. And he will bring back the law with more correction. But he will never bow down.' Ye modi hai , kuch bhi kar skata hai"
Today is farmer day,
Always with kisan 
I think she had her mind full of speculation and confusion 
Can farmers protest without income for so long? Who is funding for them?
So the Rubber Stamp will ask the person who made it ...to do something. Hilarious. The office of President couldn't have been degraded more.
It's so sad that our fellow countrymen don't even know what that flag stands for, it's stands for justice and an effort against tyranny..they wouldn't have done this if the government just allowed them to protest in the city somewhere or let them be part of the parade
Farmers are becoming perfect patsy.
They do not act for 70 years and when Modi tries to help the farmers N set 3 farm laws which are absolutely beneficial to the more than 85 % of the marginal and poor farmers oppn collude with our enemies to destabilise the country
Are farmers demands justified? What are your views?
Paid Scandal of The  Media. 
Corrupt people get corrupt system and politicians! its simple
Election me fir bhi haroge 
All other states need farm reforms. Punjab and Haryana can stick to old laws and do not need to hold back others.
Yaswant Sinha said: The Prime Minister has stuck to his reputation of springing surprises. The announcement of the decision to repeal the three farm laws came as a huge surprise last morning, which, apart from being the pious day of Guru Parab, was also the birthday of Indira Gandhi. The comparison with Indira Gandhi is apt because she also withdrew the Emergency when she realised it had become untenable. Despite all his bravado, the Prime Minister came to the same conclusion, and because he is an 'election-jivi', and elections to five states including the all-important state of UP, are around the corner, and because defeat was staring him in the face, he was left with no option but to withdraw these black laws. In my tweet after the announcement I said, "While I congratulate the Kisans on their victory over the government for the repeal of the farm laws, I attach no noble sentiment to the government for this move. It is a calculated step for the UP elections. For this government, democracy begins and ends with elections." So this is it: nothing more than an election gimmick.
Its no more a kisaan andolan..... But a political stage for Rakesh Tikait and some others.
Solidarity Punjab from South Africa !
Real journalism
Dismiss the IAS
The government should not yield to such arm twisting tactics by this MINISCULE MINORITY of the Indian population. Farmers are over-pampered with various concessions and subsidies. Giving back very little to the consumers.
In 2017 bjp won with a difference of 38000 votes.
MSP law will put huge strain on budget and bankrupt govt.
Ease army police mar jani chiya
Republic has turned off like DISLIKE option for this video.that tells us the actual story
These police are the sons of farmer. So before firing to farmers they must think where do they belong
Alhamdulillah... In 2020, the liberation of nagorno karabakh, and in 2021, the liberation of Afghanistan.
I all suggest that ,first read the law by your own than think what is correct and what is wrong .please don't blindly believe on these videos.
Except farmers all are fox. They don't grow crops but made this system to just earn money. Now imagine who are all those fox!!!
Actually farm bill is benefiting Farmers . This just a political gimeack.
Can farmers stop the work and how can we eat ?
BJP gang will called them anti National  and chargesheet will prepared under upa  this is the only bitter truth remain in india no democratic right no freedom ony modi ka gunda raj 
BJP SP BSP CONGRESS sb. K the Usme
Its very sad and violation of human rights by police to use water canon and tear gas on peacefully protestors.
US Police Directly kill the people.....then what? The bad element should be treated like this.
Thank you so much for the session ma'am, Please take a session on the booklist and preparation strategy for CDS(2) 2021
Though speaking anecdotally , for starters MSP benefit could be denied to Large Farmers ( Land holding > X acres .. where X is based on empirical analysis). Now this changes tide in favour of marginal farmer because now either Large farmers and Middlemen will have to grow something else or use Small Farmer to sell his granary.
News achhi lage to hit like
You allowed the farmers yesterday to get locked up in New Delhi. They are not dumb. These farmers are much more educated than you expected. And they know how to wait because they wait all year long for their crops, Which they don't even know the outcome in the end.  Farmers are the backbone of the country.
Shitty media .. 
Follow Dr Gaurav Garg on Instagram - https://www.instagram.com/tirelesssoul
Shame on delhi police. Puppet of central govt
Very clear sir...super thank you sir
Now they are jealous of Vaccination program, So need to find a reason to start Fake Protests to discredit Current Government, This is all these Fake protests are about, Nothing more - An excuse to Riot and spread Chaos. 
Finally PM gave in to the demand of Pakistan, china, kalistan and terrorist 
Interesting conversation,, ,
Yes u eat food from what u poo right?? When comes to farmer bill all the mofos are like fk them... Aur tum bl rehe ho rajya sabha galat h... Bohot khub...
This Political trouble seems to have started once Bill Gates got involved. It sounds like they are Forcing deregulation so that foreign entities can come in and take control of the farms while leaving the farmers hanging out to dry. Either way, Bill Gates is right that Indian farms produce 20% Per acre what American farmers do. If huge farm start becoming five times more efficient, that will crater prices big time. The farmers that have fed all of India for hundreds of years need to have a soft landing And Provisions made for their children. That way the people benefit from low prices and the farmers are taken care of. But It sounds like greedy government officials are just trying to throw these poor farmers out On the streets because they are too greedy or lazy to work them into the solution
We are facing some payment issue
it is shaking no one. It's just one section of society that feels that things should be done their way.
Abhijit Iyer Mitra appears to know everything. He should be the PM. of India.
They r not farmers 
Patthar chal rahe the aur goliyan phenke jaa rhe the!! 
True Indians will not forget this betrayal by modiuddin khan. 
Are you agreement with the virus if we stay in home then the virus never come inside of home? All medical system and political system made for control the innocent people....
Pekle shaheen bagh then delhi riots aur ab ye?
A couple of hours ago PM Modi announced that the farm laws will be scrapped. So i took up an interest to study the topic. You said that the middlemen ("from whom the government is desperately trying to protect the farmers from") don't exploit the farmers and they are usually good people. How can u speak on the behalf of all middlemen? i mean you don't know all of them personally right. Secondly if they are lending money on a personal basis what difference does it make whom the middlemen are working for? anyways they are lending the personal money right. I am not criticizing what you said its just an observation. Thank you for the video
Punjab and Haryana farmers- this is not fair....let's protest
And eat up subsidies,
It should be a agri middle men agitation
Mohsin raza, nakwi, one more lallu from bajpyee gang member comes 
Ok  let them sit for another 3 or 4 months in the street along with intellectually innocent rraahhuull baby,agricultural scientist yaaddaavvv and world famous journalist ddeessaaii uncle for time pass. What is there?
Great Sir 
Thanks for your great efforts
Not only punjab and haryana but all farmers
Woon very good content!
Let pray for farmers recovery soon
Not expecting this from u anna
From this information we can easily understand why grains in international markets are cheaper when compared to that of India. Heavy agricultural subsidies by USA and other countries is the main reason for less production costs in other countries. Instead of increasing farm subsidies India is trying to handover agricultural lands to foreign companies who have lots of advantages like subsidies from their governments. And also availability of loans at Zero interest.
 Tamil people support Sikh farmers
* BAMCEF National University..!"
SALUTE TO SIKH COMMUNITY FOR BRAVERY 
DONT EXPECT ANY PROFESSIONAL RESPECT FROM RIGHT WING
Finally modi has repealed all these farm laws on 19-Nov-2021......
USA intelligence is that great, in one day they have killed the planner, USA should carried out bombardment before ISIS strike, so that 170 lives may be saved. USA bombardment is like throwing stone in dark. Fake propoganda by USA
Dalal media,,, media indirect responsible,,, because of media these politician get power,,,
People from both sides should be brought to justice....
Stay home stay safe
Republic TV has no value for humanity.
Yogendra yadav sir haq seena thok ke bolte rahiye we stand with you
Ye hui na baat.. lets unite together to overturn this ruling party
More videos on kisan andolan Samdish bhai
If i have to die for this protest... I am ready. And i am always ready #godimedia
Such a bullshit news
Why that green flag is waving above our national flag? then should get that green flag down asap.
Sab 1hi  thayali  chatte batte hai bhai
Modi and Monsanto are spawned from the same devil . Down with both wish our farmers fought Monsanto the way these brave Sikhs have maybe a strawberry would taste like a strawberry instead of just look like one #iremember buy organic.
All such drama waisting money of we tax payers.
   ,  free  
We were taught that government is of the people, by the people and for the people.
these sikhs let our country down , these really too much,
what you donet there
Respect for NDTV... good job.
They are not farmers. They are terrorists.
Msp should  be given a legal status if you want to help farmers
I think Central Govt should announce that a Committee headed by Mr. Satya Pal Malik will look after the issues related to agri , MSP implementation and all farmer related issues and will submit its report within 6 months. The SKM leader will immediately call the agitation.
Every road has u turn
Proud of Farm brother's & all families ladies. 
If violence is the only way to get attention of the common people and international media then I am proud what farmers did was right and I would have done the same thing
Well I think Mr commissioner, you just followed Amit shah orders,that is why you were sleeping and not guarding around red fort.From what I remember no one could enter that high security zone.Sab Modi ke bike hue log.shame shame on you Mr commissioner. No soul just falsely implicating the poor  farmers. Dhikar h on all the educated people who are Modi chamchas.
And for all of us it looks like a hypocracy.
Modiji did not apologize for the farm law. He said they were unsuccessful to convince particular group of farmers. Hence he is withdrawing 3 laws as per the farmers.
Rahul has no capacity to run the country.he always  speaks pakistani's language while modi is great.
I am with these farmers
Wait till he actually cancels the anti kisan laws before celebrating 
Take note world... The power of people, it CAN be done
We are with farmers
now they will gonna repeal it in parliment ......
Two journalis detained , tortured and brutally beaten by Taliban 
Can posible farmer store grain in APMC for year raight rate to sale any charge and 
Salam to all women farmers for their bravery.
8. Hitler had joined the Nazi party as an ordinary worker and gone on to finish all his rivals and had become the leader of the party
Corporate farming for farmers for lays company and others was happening earlier too and farmers wanted it in Punjab in 2008 and made a strike .
What's may be the reason, modi government should step down. And let watch what opposition is doing
Love NDTV,  truth reporting. Proud of Rakesh Tikaitji, and our Annadaata kisan. God bless them.
	Ministry of Education
CAA  NRC           
Corona ke vare me puchh  gade jan bachi to lakho paye
Positive protests:- sometimes native people Organically do it against the oligarchy puppet government to preserve some sovereignty.
They hate free market,
It is a ploy of UPA to weaken the policies of Government and claim political mileage.
On the contrary, since the BJP government has come into power' there is good road connectivity all along the border, which is the bone of contention as China doesn't like that Indian army could be deployed swiftly along its borders. Previously there were pagdandis on Indian side and highways on China side. Modi syche is not so submissive who will surrender to might of any country.
Your teaching style is awesome......way of teaching and way of expression 
Do you think these people are educated they get manipulated by the opposition and start protesting and every other state is welcoming these laws except Punjab because most of them are unemployed and has a personal grudge towards India
well he should have listened to punjab bjps mla he could have dismissed this protest when it was only in punjab but he ignored his warnings when a fight starts from punjab it either takes everything or lose everything no middle way whether it was colonialist mugals or either britishers
Modi will loose election due to back tracking. He lost image of strong leader.
Thank you for your service
Ye to Gunda gardi he, Aab to inko phicbademe lathi chahiye
Your videos are helpful , thank you @Varshney
Mere bhai thode chote banate jana videos
#WTF is Repeal of Farm Bill. 
Wahegure Ji give Strength to all farmer's. It's gure land keep alive from Evile Rullers 
Farmers unity zindabad.all opposite party.leaders zindabad
Dont speed if you dont know about farmers
Do no become the Advisors yourself ...please...
Sir tex payer mony not used for this only but also used for some non profit programs.. please don't say like this it herts and one thing if government want to bring a bill which will progress our nation so all will welcome but if it not help for our nation only helps some corporate than this type of protest.. will be common ,so I request our govt bring a bill with discussion and proper analysis.
What kind of govt reduces its own income by banning exports only taliban things. Cavemen return
So the farmer's and daily wages people are anti national..wow
In future the Bills cannot be steam rolled
We are aware of existence of such technologies; but can it be implemented? No chance  First of all power is supplied for a very limited time in most of the States per day; that too with too many interruptions. In some States power is supplied after midnight . 
Now punjab need freedom to india
How they are disciplined even after massive crowd.
Thank you Jass.....you are a blessed one. Thank you.
Follow Dr Gaurav Garg on Instagram - https://www.instagram.com/drgauravgargstudyiq/
hi Hi I am an Indie Film maker from India can I use this in my project and give you credit for the same. It will be very helpful. Please reply.
Congratulations to all the farmers 
These are Journalists. "JhaaduGiri", idk, what they are taught in Journalism course. Shameful, disgusting.
Raaan TV thu thu Pranav James Roy chor Ko arrest karo . They are not farmers , but hooligans . Modi govt failure of mishandling this agitation would create instability . Yogendra Yadav salim is extremist and chameleon and turn into that to create turmoil .
This is what congress do. Bark for no reason.
I'm also a farmer and not like bjp but when we read this law i do not see any problem
There are some who do support Khalistan on the inside
 chor   2022     
If Mishra had one shred of Decency, he should have stepped down ! Obviously, he is Above the Law. Mishra & his son are CRIMINALS.  After all the Apple does Not fall far from the tree.
140 CRORE population needs 1.4 L ( 1/10k population) general gov hospitals & labs & x-ray USG MRI  and 14000 medical college and superspeciality hospitals
Please continue in English  or put subtitles in English
I would consider this News channel to be saying absolute truth with unbiased opinion and information. But you forgot to mention the role of the Private players as the hidden controllers of the government- The Ambanis and Adanis
Congress mukht Bharat 
News chenal balo ka kya inhe to month pr sellarly mil jati h 
#CitizenAgainstDictatorship
hahah ,, keep on protesting middle men and hoarders,,, you cannot malign the name of farmers ,, 10 thousand vs rest ,, we will entertain and enjoy your show until you go back home
Don't mess with real Indians; better for your a**
Don't mess with Owaisi . Because as he said you are a kid in front of him.
problem is mistrust because the laws clearly skewed in favour of corporates.. Adani n Ambani..let Modi deny it ....
Ye sab gaddar hen.political agenda chalarahehen.
FCI has miserably failed. Warehouse leakages are huge. APMCs also are exploiting farmers. Despite these Mandis, why so many farmers committed suicides ? Why not try something else ?
And big big thanks and much much love to news Laundry   
Now stop your stupidity.....listen to farmers demand
if you can't be bothered to narrate it, it can't be that important.
Best line " ab tak ameria khud atangwad phelata tha "" , today they are peacefull   lol
2) Government need to formulate the law & create the framework which ENSURES that farmer should be funded with the promised amount as per the contract.
Farmers: Nah Bro. I want middlemen to set my price. Oh and also I want the state govt to take some of the profit.
FAKE NEWS
3...ask why modi is bringing back master and slave culture.  Its old hindu system function, why modi is walking backward, it did not work then.  It will not work in this contemporary,  modern and educated world!!!!!
Thanks for your solidarity of public and actor and actress and sports person.
India in deep trouble, human rights are being violated *Farmers are unhappy*  pk
Not the sharpest tools in the shed... sorry
2-- west bangal me murder hota hai tb ye log kha hote hai ......
They told in Punjab that these bills are anti farmer
Accept Islam Only True Religion.....
Farmers should not interrupt political activities of a party.
Did someone bribed the CJI lol.
Govt ne farmers ko peacefully protest karne ke liye allow kardia tha and gave them a fixed path to protest ..but republic day ke hi din* vo rasta seal* kardiya gaya bina bataye ...it's just like promise karke ussi ko fulfill nahi kiya and moreover if govt itni hi correct hai toh unhe iss mudde ko international banne se kya drrr tha!!?? Why are children being jailed too!!! Yes this is correct..!!! Go Google !!! And why r women journalists being RAPED !!! INSIDE. JAIL .!!! # MODI GOVT  ab iska jawab dekr dekho !! Hoga hi nahi na !! Open challenge hai tereko . Itna hi neutral banda hai na .!! Toh iska bhi jawaab de! And why r countries like japan ....jo modi ke achhe dost bann chuke the ....why r they supporting farmers!!!!!
Many farmers killed by the Current government Minister by hitting them. And the only thing going worse due to Mr Modi and his government. All the followers of this current Modi government spreading Anti-Muslim, Anti-christian hatred. I think if this government ruling is over, Indians can live peacefully.
Regression is marketed as Reform by Shekhar Gupta. Numbers are manipulated to show that farm laws are beneficial to Farmers
Snakes snakes,  one for the other both of them
Elections survey were not available
bhai shambhu border nahi he ye sindhu border h
Sup report team newslaundry 
Mere papa farmer he oar mujhe govt se koi issue nhi he.
But taliban are angry for comparing to rss.taluban is ramrajya
Sarkar piche hatgai
Has this happened in 70 years of India or 55 years of Congress rule? The British would tie freedom fighters at the end of car and run for fun and their stooge of British are a step ahead- they mow over protesters!!
Government should consults it first with Farmers before implementation..
6. Enter restricted premises like Red Fort.
Shame on you
Mahatma Ji....Kindly be the guest of the farmers at any of the protest sites
BJP Violence Korta Ha
Oh the fake news factory is still chugging on! Noice
Why are you spreading wrong information?
i rlly want a new gov in india .... im 18 rn..and this is my first time to give vote ...but i don't like anyone ...all political parties SUCKs
black day for farmers..... big loss for them .....
Its a farmer movement
All anti national s in the name of farmer are going back. I am also a farmer. These laws are benefit to real farmers
Thanks for the news keep it up
We should support farmers.
Not  a former  it's  torirest
Modi is a failed, foolish and selfish person. He doesn't deserve to be the Prime Minister of India.
Bhai rondala. Wahhh ..ab road pe baitho ge to ronde hi jaoge soch lo ab
Congress funded crowd
You missed the flag throwing part 
Bro some people know only English,so better to add some English language in the middle is better for viewers,it increases your channel subscriptions 
Heart felt sorry is not coming   .. Meat ball modi  shld forget about. Adani. AmBani nd so nd remind himself of big ball earth( mitti)
No one want to say that 8people life was lost thier life...they think people are stupid and no one notice this think
World mein Rally ha 2021
Ye media walo ne hi pure desh ku    h
Opinion :- weather this decision comes because of UP assembly election 2022 or not but correct decision by government.
1) Subsidy in seeds, 2) Subsidy in fertilizers/Pesticides, 3) Subsidy in Electric, 4) Subsidy in Diesel 5) Loan waver. After all these also still MSP is required. A proper analysis needs to be done to see, actually without all these benefits how much a kg of Rice or Wheat will cost? For me it seems it may go beyond few hundred rupees. It is complete mismanagement and will not be sustainable in long run. In a country where 60% of population are into farming and it is completely mismanaged, then country will never progress. This is the easiest way for Pakistan and China to destabilize India and
Taliban stay away from Kashmir issue that will be good for you.
Police inhe maar skti thi, but, they were trying to control instead of attacking the protestors. 
    border conflicts with China till today;
After new farmer laws - middle men protests , farmers are HAPPY.
Why your Congress govt silent on Sikh riots.. Why your government silent on shahbhanu case, why on all blasts happened in our country
Farmers should invest in risk insurance policies : say the weather patterns predict the harsh winter or summer, instead of blaming god , how about predict the weather patterns and not cultivate crops sensitive to harsh climate.
I really thought  
This law will bring educated and skilled professionals into farming. And this will lead to innovation and productivity. If I can sell my produce directly to someone that's called freedom.
Police needs to get out of the way
*You can do nothing for me but work on yourself*
Rss opened shakha there?
Calling a spade a spade! Trudeau pls take my vote and i am an indian. 
This idiot do not know about law policy of kisaan.. How to handle to Agariculture products sales.. It's have market go there maintain there do not spoiled  names of kissans jai hind
and ISI Generals getting 5 to 7 Lacs extra pakistani rupees.
Ask that tikait show this video to him fool .
Horrible people, embarrassment to say they are police of India and every day they eat 3 times a day the food kisan has grown. Bjp namak haram kar kaha ha
Sr ek question tha ans dena ---kya government teacher YouTube video bna sakta h qki esse wo paisa kmata h but government teacher ko tution nahi pdana hota h
Thank u so much sir...
Very nice and well explained
Thank a lot......
Farmer's FAKE Protest : 
Ye   baised   
Please read this  farmers do not take flag down they don't show that part this is just violence by this godi media
Ravish Kumar is honest .anchor journalist real news broadcast by you God bless you  salute salute salute
90 % of people in army and police belong to farmer's son , if they people regin then what will govt do
Follow Us on Twitter : https://twitter.com/CrazyGkTrick?s=08
Real Farmers are with the government... Sorry but these political agenda driven morons are not farmers.
Time to unfollow you guys
Why not  you asking Mamta Banerjee  to resign how much people died after election result?
Izzat se hai isiliye Tu hai otherwise thu-thu bhi to hai par par par par humne Nahi Bola.
Just throw this verbosity in som dust bin
Coward channel does not have the courage to show count of likes and dislikes. This itself proves it's worthless.
The rest of india farmers are okay with the new law 
Shame on Indian government
Changes are most welcome...
Enough is enough no farmer protest, no permission fr the capital ..this not the way to protest enough drama govt is taken far eye on the situation.....this is not the way ..kick them back ....
Thank you so much sir
You  don't need tell the farmer they know everything only.this is a political  game  agitation is nothing all those people who came to dharns they   come for free food and shelters anybky any where in the world if there is free food band shelters you can bring the people  so govt is not worried about the agitation  but the govt have a right to take action  against those who vendslise the property's they should be held responsible but  modi is not doing anything this is a big failures on the part of modi now  it is the right time for  modi to pick up his jhola and go back to Himalaya and the Yogi should be the pm and he deserves because he is the real  the
Kishan aandolan+ congress= pakistan + china support
BJP leader Chor hai
Han bayi kaha hai vo jo support kar rahe the rule ko , burnol for you
Great analysis
Its a warning...
Modi on his own now his boyfriend Trump is gone. Biden won't be as friendly
We people of India will not acccept this no vote for modi
The only long term solution can be answered by, Are we urbans ready to change our food habits, promote growth of non GM local seeds & millets and are we ready to pay higher price or atleast equivalent to the imported grains?
Bill a onek khamti ache.
hahaha,India's biggest failure is this modi
Have n't thought this day would ever come
Lack of diversification (some families in villages stopped keeping dairy animals)
Fucking bjp killing farmers killing Muslims and after they will target Christians and tribals
Indiscriminate impose of farm laws.
Where is democracy
Assam me Bjp ka minister bhavesh Kalita.. Paisa leke.. Job de rahaa he.. Corruption ho rahaa he.. Modi.. Tu.. Ab bataa.. I was supporter of u.. But.. Not.. Now......
Finally, someone with racial thinking made a video for farmers !
because It's CM itself verbally violent
Khattar sarkar is British govt lite.... Oppression of farmers
Same on polic
Hope all the  Afghanistans survive xxxx praying 
Coal shortage , power cut 
The
Please make video on Jakat foundation and its UPSC scams
Mohammed was born in Arab.  Lord Ram and Lord krishna was born in india.  We will follow Indian God so somebody should not force to us follow Atab God.
Are Punjab Elections Coming By any chance?    Btw Wise decision Sir.
I am don't understanding that the only farmers of haryana and Punjab protesting
The government should not force it's opinion.
arrested, it will anyways be done , dont use this Against BJP and let 
Simple folks spearhead movements, even in India
Rakesh Tikait has given appropriate replies to Ajit Anjum's twisted questions with wit and cleverness of a Farmer leader he is famous for.
Thankyou madam for brief explanation
It's true choudhary rakesh tikait ji real life lions of jat kissans lands heros its true ji salute jai jat jai kissans it's true I m prouds of urs true truth thoughts ji thx OK ji 
Indian media is third grade....no logistics talk nd cover only in logistics things ..
Either stop music or give voice over please
1. How many of you know that at the borders of the delhi where agitation was going on 28 woman were raped and killed, missing by these fake farmers
*Police fire cannons and tear gas, so farmers retaliate and pelt stones.
By the way ,I am all a Indian sugarcane farmer
APNEY se arrest kiya, KEJRIWAL,2022 MEIN PUNJAB elections.
Lets see, what happened in India under the British colonization/occupation rule of Elizabeth? Oh right..
Bro its make me so sad to see your channel ha only 213k subscribers. You deserve million sibscribers
Both extreme solutions will be damaging to people. The current system is unsustainable as small farmers produce very little and thus cannot compete on an open market without government subsidies. Even with the subsidies the farmers earn very little which doesn't allow them to invest in modernization. The liberalization of the farming industry will force many farmers out of business as big players will outperform and outcompete small farmers that will be forced to sell their land and figure out by themselves what they should do now.The latter solution wan't to quickly change the faming market no matter the human cost - Margaret Tatcher style. This will have quick beneficial results for the country but many farmers will be left to fend for themselves. Furthermore there is a risk that uncontrolled land acquisition fulled by corruption will create a handful of  huge corporations that control and dominate the market, destroying even large independent farmers. 
Not a Farmers movement at all.
Once BJPigs gets out of power then we'll see them behind bars.
I am hindu from punjab and i hate bjp and rs
Uss tenny ka beech sadak pr encounter ho
Jis desh ka people Unite nahi hoga 
Pakistan China and BJP are terrorist organisations Kisan zindabad. Modi is a murderer. 
There was no Indian flag put down. This is not a Khalistan Flag this is the Nishan Sahib flag
Modi ji look towards farmers. Not towards businessman. You also came from small family in village. You won't loose any thing perhaps you get effection from indian voter.
dry fruits of Afghan origin?No .so why bother about it .
I had so many doubts regarding this bill and the ongoing protests, now understood. Thank you, ma'am, your explanation was explicit.
Government should be there for the state, peace, harmony,good governance, equality for all relegions, health, education, against poverty hunger terrorism, not for popularity, Stop hatred speech on religion as Yogi Adityanath n some bjp ppl doing
Protest!!! Tensions with war everyone is at war lol gang shootings damm!!!
RESPECTED film lovers,with the inspiration of, "VEER-ZAARA",  "GEET",  "ASHA", I wrote one human emotions story with out single fight for JRNTR sir and nayanathara gaaru,To know this story in YouTube, please type," KONDETI PRODUCTIONS "(for correct spelling,please type only) you can watch in HINDI, ENGLISH, TELUGU, languages, (my story narration videos),This story out line is,This is a pure love story between one innocent illiteracy person RAMA( JRNTR SIR )and Doctor SEETHA M.B.B.S (Nayanathara GAARU),with all your blessings in the form of more Viewers,I will get JRNTR sir Appointment and I will become a Director, please watch RESPECTED film lovers,jai sriram,jai jai sriram,jai jai seetharam.
Hindus if you want to exist be militant - Great Bala saheb Thackeray 
Mc media with dalllii sarkar fake news to demolish kissan protest
Farmers have become Deshdrohis and RSS have become Deshbhakts....issse bada Joke to Maine nahi suna..
Sikh Community ZINDABAD Love From Indian Occupied Kashmir Baramulla 
Manish Singh Reborn.
May u rot in hell fast
Whatever is going on but that fu**ing guy should not have hit police men like that.
I see, now they'll bring them all to Canada to ruin economy here. They already put trucking business down to mud. Good job indian government!
Shekhar Gupta, you have not done your homework here. You think we farmers are all dumb illiterate schmucks?
Kejriwal is such an opportunist; never heard of saying in support of farmers:.
Aaj Sudhir ji ko Muzaffarnagar aana chahiye the wo to afganistan bhi gye the. Reporting krne  vha jab sar par jute padte to pta lagta 
Kerala band tha
#farmersProtestVictory
Your content is good but you should add drawbacks of this bill . Then this is a perfect essay.
Send Tihari there.
Toh phir andolan wapas lene mein kya problem hai
Short and crisp information
Option A ( 1)
I am a Sikh and as a Sikh I can proudly say that this act is utterly shameful no religion or flag is above Our tricolour and it is my humble request to all my indians that not to hate all the Sikhs just some Sikhs who did this shameful act.
3. The most important of the lot. Doesn't these farm laws, in the long run, will reduce the number of independent small farmers and bring them into the service sectors?
Govt should continually try  to reform  agriculture .....
 ,   Everywhere...      ..Want to leave this country permanently...@@
I am watching this after the farm laws are taken back way after the court had already stayed it...
India's coperate like reliance taking atta from farmers at 7.50 ruppees per kg. Then these corporates selling the same to indians at150 ruppees. Exactly what british east india company had been done 100 years ago.
since its chief editor lost his job with CNN, he was a great beneficiary of
#VARSHNEY ( what is taliban and complete details related to it) sir please purse this topic.
Rubbish statement from Minister 
Sohne bool
thanks dhruv rathee bhai... for supporting the truth
CONGRESS PICHESE BHADHKA RAHA HAI
One of the best examples where Non-Violence always truimphs... Modi Govt/RSS supporters with their hatred look illiterate/Gaavar in front of these patient farmers... Jai Ho..
What good is education, if this is what becomes of them.
Nobody never ever support these brokers
Because they have no idea about modern farming techniques and they took money from political rivals of BJP as congress kutti party and aap tuchhi party.
Beware with the distance with the west
If it good for the country, why a wider consultantion should not be held with stake holders.
We support farmers from our hearts.
Whatever the farmer does, the minister and his son will never be arrested because BJP is ruling both at the center and in the state.
Why not ordinance as done for extending the tenure of ED. Why selectively.Even the three rules were introduced untimely through ordinance.
Very disappointing analysis. Jio's example has been done to death in the context of farm bills. It's like comparing apples and oranges. MSP will remain is the promise given by the Centre.
Eye on China, India goes for Heron tech upgrade, missile-firing weaponised MQ-9B Sky Guardian drone
This moron idiot PM has stated all false information again over the national and social media. Shameless harami
Vulture are waiting but our jawans are also a kisaan
farmers were concerned in future mandis will be removed, see our farmers can think of future how intelligent they r, but wait they cant think what will happen to the water level and soil in future, so remember these r not farmers
Please don't give background music the content is good but the music is not helping in any way.
Actually I just translated and he was just letting us know this was all a prank....
Death of democracy
* I am a Brahmin when i use my brains*              * I am a Kshatriyas when i use my might*
Pehle hi laal qile k bhr lgate or borders pe b...shi h...bewakof log the jinhone laal qile m ye sb kia...idiots
If in case in future days APMC  is completely eliminate in the society  and after the  price fixing system will be  handle by only private   bodis and they bids very cheep price & after  the former where to go for selling ?
Sir, you started with the farm laws and your discussion quickly degenerated towards CAA. We understand very clearly what's happening. All this "Aandolan" is not going to stop at the Farm Laws. Farmers in a far - far larger part of India was supportive of these laws. Let's see if our PM wants to keep on repealing good laws like this and still hope to win the next election.
The farmers should grow different types of vegetables in co operative way as there is great demand for it .The farmers should listen to Dr.Bhupinder Singh lodhi for establishment of processing units in their area.
Pappu called is kind of one agenda  which was used in 2014 election for vote bank.
NEW Government in Afghanistan, you will not mind to feed the ordinary citizens, 70% of the
Jhooth bolta hai channel. Biki hue Media,
Rakesh    , bicholi, brokerage commission  got exposed. 
Question :- Formally you are my bhai?
I salute to farmers 
Thank you Times for bringing this up fairly.... this sensitive topic has not been given it's due. With great difficulty we came out of the   zamindari system is the past. And here we are..again falling back!
WhatsApp contact +27818679415
Real face of india
Sabse pehle jo log khalistani keh rhe h..please stop calling them khalistani....they are farmers....as Indian we have to understand each other and every religion sentiments....and they haven't withdrawn the national flag unhone apna flag khali jagah pe tanga...isme koi galat bat nhi
2.Anti Indian movement can't play efficient role any more
Pilots shouldve flown at 1000 ft instead of 30,000 ft. Maybe they survive fall from less height.
Best PM of India
Great leader  onli AIMIM
Good indian gov is corrupt see our politicians
All this problem is because of stupid congress and mms
dont trust vice news anymore. showing only one side of story.. not good
Adani-Fortune oil, AWL has also forayed into packed Basmati Rice, pulses, Soya Chunks, Besan and the Fortune Chakki Fresh Atta. Theproductportfolio ofAdaniWilmar spans under variousbrandssuch as - Fortune, King's, Bullet, Raag, Avsar, Pilaf, Jubilee, Fryola, Alpha and Aadhar......
and what will westerners do?????? absolutely nothing apart from paying far easterners for their grave
Haryana formers protest - lathicharge.
Poor farmers are used by political goondas for their purpose.... Let NDTV go and ask the poor farmers over there to explain wts there in the bill... Most of them won't be knowing...... It's just an another CAA type of protests....
U urself r not clear.
Juth bolo, phir juth bolo, juth bolte jao
thing, whoes Money is more powerful? indian Rs or Dollars ? who are 
People  who  feed  us  are  beaten   and  all   rapists  and   murders   are  given   x  or  y  security.   Remember  most  of  the  people  sitting  in  Parliament  are criminals.
Opposition parties turned it into a political rally and anti national terror organisations turned it into a religious fight. Everyone is with the farmers but not with these terrorists! The protest was true to its meaning initially but soon got deviated and is no longer about farmers but about religion!
"If you ever feel useless, just remember, USA took 4 Presidents, Trillions of Dollars, Millions of Lives & 20 years to replace Taliban with Taliban."
the farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab and Haryana  there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers.  in Punjab and Haryana, the farmers are not only from from jatt caste or sikhs, there are also pundits, Brahmins , and dogar farmers in Punjab.  Farmers feed the nation.Big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Ebany,  Adnany , these big companies are  controlling Modi. These bills are designed to   make  each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmer will have no option to sell to another buyer due to lack of logistics and lack  resources , and  the big companies have the logistics and they  will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and  export to other countries. This  will cause  food shortage in India,because big companies will  able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the  business tycoons, and big companies. The GTS is hurting the small shops, small factories, Modi needs to be removed from his throne...
they did not bring down the indian flag, it was still flying higher. you can see in the video from other angles.
My name is alex.what i do is explain.n welcome to alexplain
No benifits for indian people from thin government
3. Shuts down parliament tor covid so that repeal of farm bill cannot be tabled while BJP continues crowding election rallies.
Waste fellow
Why nd TV not enable Live chat...
Political master strok  by Modi.. 
Thanks sir 
Free Punjab and haryana  stop oppression by bjp Australia supports 
Khush raho Mere Shero
Shame on you goodi media dont listen to them
Few sentences have been quoted more often than the aphorism: Justice must not only be done but must also be seen to be done. Present days where police succumb to the pressure of Politicians day in day out, the fate of the Murder investigation can be well imagined ........
Evry officer's/Police if you all are the Public Workers thn do what is right and follow the truth, Never follow wht ever the people told you to do! You will all lose your rights . What if someone arrest your fam. Members Wht will you do? What aStupid damn Officer's we have , raise your own Voice and stand on your own feet . You are an Officer but it doesn't mean that you can arrest everyone you wanted  to and leave behind whom you don't want to.
HOR CHUPO!!!!!!!
The rat(India Today) has been caught in the trap(Yogendra Yadav)
 (    of   Hart  )
Sandip Ji BJP Se Ye Kyon Nahi Puchhate  Ho Ki Ye Desh Kyon Bench Rahe Hain
then, such agreement shall explicitly provide for
Other channel can't show this
 But now since those bills have been revoked, I hope people will recognize the loss it would cause to this sector.
They are not farmers period
I am most pleased it is withdrawn for suspicious to sellout to India to rogue most corrupt offshore investors who have shares in off shore vaccines, buying farms in USA, .
Nonsense still baggage for power good for nothing
with new bill, Indian government will not be responsible for farmers products, and all pushed into market , however, India's farming is very low efficiency, India has 25% more arable land than China, but the total yield is only less than 1/2 of China's, the low efficiency means high cost, India's grain has not much profit space to compete in world market, Ambanis, can simply import from world market,  and sell to India, and at the same time, they can use it to set the price for the grain or other agriculture products to form monopoly too, India farmers and ordinary people will suffer , only Ambanis got huge benefit.
Besharm Zee news team
This is happening in India as one man (Bill Gates) in US is now wanting to be a farmer.
Very good explanation Thank you dear,good job.
Lots of hate to apb news . Please guys unsubscribe abp news
State
Corporate rally and funding from brokers 
First punish the culprits and then compensate
Either people will kill you or you'll have to apologise till they are satisfied.
I am support for egaryculture bill.
Dear farmer brothers from Haryana and Punjab we keralites are with u ...u feed this nation... being a consumer state we are eating the food  becoz you people are there .. Please keep bjp away next time......jai javan jai kisan.
Those who speak the truth calling them Anti India this is wrong, Your father Should have married daughter of RSS then definitely Indian Hindu will voted but by mistake your father married foreigners Catholic wife even though she had become Hindu , Indian Hindu doesnt except your mother as Indian .  if your family say Jai Shri Ram  then they will voted . Shout Shri Ram to get voted 
This tikket is a jahil, in fact he speaks jahil hindhi.. Modiji pls bring back this bill
with the  MODERN technology VIDEO it easy to find the DRIVER and the CAR also THEY MUST BE HANGED
Do not worry sir Evem if arrested bail will be given at once
This is a BJP Sponsored Youtube channel,   un subscribed 
Amit Shah must be resigned immediately..all unrest happening in Delhi since he became HM many innocent people of our Nation and kissan got martyed for his conspiracy so BJP RSS Sangi hatred fasciest Govt must be collapse and save our nation save our constitution save our kissan. 
People should not block public roads, it acts against the publics freedom to travel on the road. Instead block the people responsible for this bill and the people in power.
This is great research....Thanks for being impartial..
Good answer by s singh
*Super Star* of news reporting
You make very good content
Thanks india now pakistan will keep it and make they own hahaha first india gave the spice 2000 tech  now this
But sir in ur previous video ralated to Farm Bill u have spoken about Privatization of agricultural sector, in which Privatization will lead to the Domination or legal control of agricultural sector, by the Companies. But here u support Privatization again. Can u clarify which one should be better for the peoples?
Why Sarkar is making him to live in Hell and they help the Crony Capitalists every year.
A right h
Raghav chadda  has good knowledge,extempore ,good quality to preserve sinkinking indian image of politics
They are not civil society they are back bone of the country
SIT in sikh massacre is only in Kanpur.. not in Delhi.. If BJP actually cares about sikhs, they should declassify and make public all the papers and files related to Operation Blue Star, Operation Woodrose and get Ved Marwahs report that he couldn't finish.. hold those police officers accountable but they won't because ander se BJP and Congress bhai behan hai
As a LAYMAN and with due respect to all & sundry I wish to submit that the Founders of our INDIAN CONSTITUTION had very wisely made AGRICULTURE" a STATE SUBJECT .
The best way to find growth stocks, key features to keep in mind is as follows: 1. Ensure gross margins are greater than 50% 2. Ensure P/E ratio is less than 100 3. Buy companies that are PROFITABLE, very important irrespective of sector. 4. Debt to equity ratio is less than 30% 5. Current ratio is above 1 6. and a Float under 100 million One stock that fits the bill is......
Congress aur vikshapicchio ka agenda fail ho gaya
Food: food will be exported pushing locals to rely on imports. Natural seeds will be lost to manufactured products. Storage of crop will result in driving food prices up or down, at the mercy of the stakeholders. 
Khyber and balochistan is part of Pashtoonistan   Afghanistan  Hungry weak Punjabs die
At the end of the day...India lost the opportunity to reform its agricultural sector...!!!!
Hhhhhhha india unable in government continuing
Only game playing by big players..
Indian commission is zero in front of Justin Trodoue Prime Minister of Canada  
Got fed up with the farmers protest. What are they up to? Changing it to political issue. Nut in the brain.
Very good class
2.Before also no one stop if farmers sell their produce anywhere in india 
But the people are brainwashed by Congress (idiotic party) and are constantly finding problems in BJP and Narendra Modi ji. 
In india justice and law system is a pet of politsion and corporate secter
Trust me, democracy is the real enemy to development of India :)
RSS/BJP fascists under Modi the butcher of Gujrat forced to take by the black farm laws. Next he will be forced to take back the Occupation Laws in Indian held Kashmir
Instaed of that they have simply pulled it back, that to after sacrifice of nearly 700 farmers.
Tikait is a Jaychand. Bharat be careful.
India is burning
Good. No alternative
Shame on you republic tv and your journalist
Its not an Indian farmer's protest.  This is a protest of punjabi,  half haryana and a very little amount of UP. Only 3 state r opposing these laws and rest of india is supporting this law. 
Top level useless CM all time 
Sudhir chaudhary digging out the past of people in farmer's protest...
Or ye loopholes kisaan khud create karenge agr unke pass good knowledge na ho toh 
*World: 33,542,559cases, Recovery 24,871,789 (74%); Active 7,664,680 (23%); 1,006,090death (3.00%)*
Market is already playing role unless we accept it, we will ruin it all.
This is disgusting, the BJP spoke person is protecting the son of minister blatantly. Congress and BJP playing dirty politics over dead people. Are these people psychopaths or sociopaths, what are they?
cant this be done in the existing agricultural markets? Because (1) the mandi
Real hero
These laws could have really changed the face of our agriculture and primary sector. Let the real farmers know what have they lost.
Excellent video. Confirming my understanding. One more glaring pattern of protests is how none of the so-called Communists protested the domination by Uber/Ola or the domination by the Middlemen Cartel. 
Jail Kiss an
3) If any Private company tries to BACKOUT from the promised price then need to frame laws to suspend their functioning license. Such that way strict laws will PROTECT our hardworking farmer community.
it's been a year now since the protests began and they still haven't taken down the laws. sickening.
Indian media world ranking 142 congratulations  , jute chato politicians k ...
The American army will be buried in Afghanistan because that is the cemetery of the American army
Pass Evil Laws sinisterly
Remaining all parts india are satisfied
Gov must not step back from their stance. All the three acts are perfectly constitutional. At max, slight changes can be made based on discussions.
BJP/RSS  have the same Ideology of Taliban. 
Mam ur teaching method is very simple......ap koi bhi topic bht detail s aur ache s padhati h
If interested in technology subscribe to my channel
Congress when passing bill tht benefits their pockets yesss it's the best bill of the century
Achha he jitna chup rahega congress utna bahtar.
Logical question ,how come 20% intimidate and scared 80% population ?
Blocking officials is disgraceful. However, the way officials handeled this situation is just terrible. It's fine to see people as lifestock, but actually treating them like one crosses all borders!!! This is too much!!
Same old drama where even cong got failed during UPA
GIVE EVERYTHING TO FARMERS AND PUSH BACK LEFTOVER TO JUNGLES.
Kaisa haal ho gaya hai desh ka. Even now he's asking by holding his hands. That's the humbleness we need in the bad boy billionaires.
Police is a puppet in the hands of motu feku
This is planned..
I dont know why the Centre did not unveil a 5, 10 year package where the govt could have supported the farmers in shifting to new value addition farming like Maize, Horticulture etc -> This solution has been suggested by Prof Ashok Gulati for more than a year. 
Farmers were not happy from these bills.,.....
Ministry of states glt h sayd..
Dump those Congress goons... No one cares about them
Please don't make people as a slave for money and work!
They are not farmer they are Congress B team
Please see the entry of 33 of concurrent list ... which is master to other state lists matter in the case of production trade commerce , etc
In most corrupted,polluted infected communal anti farmer country in the world,God Jesus died 4 ur sins n arose frm tomb on the 3rd day,trust Him u r sure in heaven.c Easter in google..
They are not formers, they are anti former elements.
 WO MSP  DENE KE LIE APKI JEB SE PAISA JATA THA   
Bhai waise toh farmers bhi supplier hi honge Private walon ke liye, toh they will control the price. Ab basic economics kahan gayi?
YOGI ADITYA NATH JI JINDABAD 
Oh no. I feel bad for them. They cant even protest on their own land
"Power Corrupts and Absolute Power Corrupts Absolutely"
Stuck around for the 33 minutes as if it was nothing! Damn good speaking skills mate
Such a shame! Where are we heading ..god save us
This is so sad. Please do something for them asap. This is torture. No one deserves this. My goodness.
Now facsist Bjp government know about the strength of Farmers
Everything is concoted godi media.
No mention of nation...
3) Was he going to set up an industry based on food and food production?
Shame on lallantop for instigating people on social media by putting such pictures..
They kill farmers ..... very bad ..... 
May modi eat computes ,currency notes
Please go through the farm laws.
 through Pakistan border side.  It would have stopped pak isi and pak taliban to Indian side of kashmir run the Afghanistan  country for another 100 years, also shown Indian Army power to the world powers. 
Shame shame on india  governments shame shame
Just like we have eligibility criteria while applying for colleges or jobs.
There is no difference between British rule n  RSS BJP rule....
Intellectwebs
What we do with 26 march indian people are on rood which kind of 26 celebration this shameless government celebrating
Many Farmers lost lives unfortunately
Owasi said that he is against taliban.  Fake news . Godi media.
India should recognize Quebec sovereignty movement. They are a persecuted minority in Canada and we must support them.
Congress  bad
We are SO TIRED of this shit show. It's not the farmers actually, it's the brokers (dalals) running this lame show now. Most farmers amd overseas interests don't even understand what's going on, and naive farmers are being forced to participate by these brokers with ulterior motives. Fun fact: 'Khali' also means 'Empty' in some Indian languages. Go figure.
But farmers still won't give vote to  bjp....that would be the real win of farmers
Who support BJP
Hello sir, current situation of MSP is A2+FL.Not a C2+50. Please clear doubts of student. You giving wrong example of deciding of MSP.
Excellent explanation. Everything is so cristle clear . crisp,brief and no clutter of information . Hats off.
This BJP govt has gone mad. First passing farm laws for coorporates and now the basic neccesity : pertol , diesel , cooking gas, food prices are thouching sky.
Every vital revolution started with farmers..... history is repeating itself here
Yet he is popular. Wonder why? Has an impressive profile alright but......... Being feelings driven, he is much too loud and  tends to use foul language.  
Great sir
All Indians people Are Indian Army
Just withdraw the law plz if they don't need that law why force implementation it shows that its for business people not for farmers.
New version of godi media shameem
I remember modi promised more than 10 million (1 crore) jobs in 2014 and I don't see that fulfilled.
Thanks sir
Republic day endia
so its another islamphobia conflict between afgan and pak .
Sir can I get complete current affairs notes
Common man: Is Indian legal system is a joke? 
Whatever these protesters need to stop for good
These are anarchists. Time for calling their bluff. Farm laws are just an alibi. Aim is to undermine the very nation.
World?police?kills
                          business man  profit                  
FULLY SOLD OUT! Stupid journo i ever heard of. No bjp flag doesn't mean they're not the one's. Instead, it implies the other way. That they didn't forget to take even the minute precaution. That the act might have been planned.
No food equal to no life
If they wanted to go to Canada then should be screened in details about their connection to groups who are instigating know sans for andolan against Indian union.
NAYA FASAL NAHIN HONETAK RATE BADHTA JATA YE BATENKO SABKO MALUM HAI
   p m   r s s   
Modi is great!
Best way to go home papale go
4) Funding exposed,
It's time to introduce one nation one nation so govt can work properly without any fear of losing election in every six month and to serve the country better development .we all know that election have  critical role
Haryana Government is mocking Supreme Court !
So, yeah, if there are kids in your family, please give them a written explanation as to why you rejoiced when the farm laws were pulled back because when they grow up sir, they will laugh at me and they will laugh at you for the show we have put together as a democracy and have jeopardized their future. Jai Hind!
Government want to remove that middle man it is right and they just need to add msp in bill
Blunder of this century
Every video has best and simple explanation
_Def Min scraps offset clause in (Inter-Govt/Single Vendor) Rafale-like deals in aftermath of CAG report_
The Goons he serves today, will one day won't hesitate to burn him & his family alive for their petty politics.
If they realy care for farmers they can make changes in fram laws and cover loop holes, so that farners will be benifited. 
What for ? Create terrorism?
People and Govt. werent serious till they become violent
How wrong it was! At one side India shouting we are democratic ones & on the other side this!! It's totally injustice going on with democracy. I totally agree, it was wrong happened. There is totally lack of free & fair elections then how could one say that nation is still maintaining it's democracy?
Very nice khan sir
These socialist once bankrupted the nation, n we are against going the same route.
Jinnah was Right
Sir can we use automated market maker using a liquidity pool in which the two crops will asset and the smartcontract automatically average the price of the crops
This old man lies so frequently and his sorry wasn't mean for heart
It is not farmer these are Terrorists  it is correct or not?
Ma'am ,maine aapki would geography ki sari classes kiya , meri sari doubt clear ho gya , and world map to bahot presaan krta tha ,  but ab sari problem clear h, 
#Commerce_bangla
BJP hatawo desh bachawo
I think in this protest no one's property is harm
Reforms,    
was increased higher than international price and no exporter is
Only farmers (?) Of punjab are protesting...rest of the farmers in the country are doing their job "farming"
Thank you sir, it has been an enlightening video for me. I hope people who are making a ruckus of farm bill see this video and then decide for themselves.
This is victory for the looters in the name of kisaan
because of u i cracked clat
Is he saying farm law's are going to benefit farmers? Because this contract farming happens in my village, we are not earning like crazy. We don't even get payments for months.
Can you please explain land acquisition act and land ceiling. Your  presentation is too good and clear.
Why was lathi not charged by police on shahinbag Jihadis?
DNT FOOL INDIAN YOU ALSO GAVE THEM BEAUTIFUL SCRIPT WRITTEN BY YOU
You are lovely
Before protesting, please read the bill properly.
We want another ghodra in Gujarat 
   ...   cover   ...
It means all the foreign companies will rule over the peasants.... And tell me once  Modi said "Made in India" and "great India" what will happen of these statements.....
Who won this battle only  time will tell just wait and watch!!
Very helpful video, please post more videos like this on important topics, which will be of great help for the upcoming GDs, WATs and PIs as most of the calls will be out by 3rd or 4th week of January. Glad that I came across your channel.
Democracy is DEAD. Only Gunda Raj.
It's not political party's lost...you bloody polititians...it's the loss for poor farmers...k...you...
Good initiative taken.
i am not a left or a right wing but this man is the best PM india has ever seen and a great conversationalist too.
Since for several months the Farmers are struggling like anything.  The Farm Laws which are against the Farmers should be cancelled immediately by the present BJP ruling Government which Farm Laws are raised by the present BJP Government.  Actually the Farmers are not only protesting for their benefits but for the benefits of entire nation.
Manipulate video.. Your supporting Bjp
One year ago and see the views on this video. And see the other youtubers who make views by abusing and filthy hopeless contents. This just gives a clear idea of the mental state of our youths.
Start from Green Revolution
Praise the Lord Jesus Christ.
If you ever feel useless, remember the US spent 2T$, 20 years and thousands of lives to replace Taliban with Ultra Pro Max Taliban.
Kishan power 
Random people waring  USA. No need for my say
Just think, where the rice for your biryani come from, the wheat for your roti come from...if cow is like your mother who give milk to drink, then farmer is like your father who give rice and wheat to eat...
------------------------------------------------------Cliklink----------------------------------------------------------THE NEW VIDEOS SEX ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- i got Free Gift Cards from   https://ok.me/O1It?GB/HDRCam AV 
There are lot of Benefits to the farmers they just cut the rich middle men who exploit farmers these are rich middmen who are protesting
750 formers loss their life Who is responsible so modi is selfish modi no up Punjab is very denger off bjp thets y I wash all people's modi no only one politics Hindu Muslim Christian we are living like brother and sister but the killers are devaiding as bjp rss down down down
Because of election modi
Ticket is not able. Discussion on any national  T V
They are just finding a way to save the Culprit waah i
Why godi govt not appeal these law
They are terrorist not farmers.lallentop is also.
For complete and unbiased understanding of this farmer's issue, watch the video in the link below..its bit long because to explain things properly one has to go in details..its by one of the most reputed teacher for civil services examination.. its for understanding purposes.. not by any news media..so no propaganda here
If farmers  don't want the law, why  Modi is forcing?
In American New Paper they called Modi as Indian Hitler.
So basically just because the 2 states wont make high profit by unnecessary charges, they want to withdraw the law and affect the millions of farmers from the rest of 27 states?
Think about country people and poor  farmers..suffering  do better things
6.Doomday for poor farmers as they have to knee to middle man from now onwards.....
Adithyanath must loose, if they are not doing good 
More then 1yr and 3 months more then 750 deaths you widraw the farmer bill just before the last parliament session we know what you are trying to do ur apology isn't going to do sir more then 750 deaths just because of your shit bill.The farmers that we say we are proud of were protesting in rain,heat,cold but you didn't widraw then but now because you need their support dang you small minded after letting so many people in vain you even let your people kill them lathi charge dang sir you are the reason for all these deaths, their pain and misery.
How mischief can be played. This is the example. 
Very nice Very good Lado Rani sisters 
       .        . Water cannon use        .     
Actually they r not against the law,  they r againat bjp nd modi gov't only.
Committee .... yeah knew it 
No  Fire,  no  rape no car broken of any people
Option C
Current APMC system should be liberalized and streamlined first for benefit of farmers
Iss pagal par news kyun banate ho sasti publicity chahti hai ye
Kyuki Mai police and army dono ki respect deti hu
Save India by electing an EDUCATED government plz vote out these murderers
Dalal amdolan, Corona 2nd wave super spreader. Lou** Kisan, i had sympathy with farmers but now i don't care, they are under producing over complaining peoples. Although new farmers bill don't allow corporate to take their land, but i believe all those land must be taken from these fake farmers/dalals and then these dalals should be jailed for life.
Thanks ZEE
JATTAN DE JWAAK TAN BACHPAN TON BDE GARAM HUNDE UTHA PANGA NAA LELIO BHULKE V SIKH COMMUNITY KE SAATH
Thank you for the distruction. It looks like a part of Afghanistan.
IB         CDS ( )        ..!
Rubika I support farmer because they are on the right track . Aap aap ke naukari  kar rahe ho pagar le rahe ho  .but aaj aap jhoot ke sat khade ho kal kitne logo kee life ke sat kheloge aap .  Hatras pending
FIXES SCIENTIFIC RATE CALCULATED BY COST ACCOUNTANT SUPPORTED BY SCIENTISTS
idit politic..he does nt know about agricalture just get cheep poltic..
Aache se explain kiya.. thank you
Lef and Congress party : We need zero development, we won't wanna see rich farmers..
Nice documentary. Good work
You kill the farmers whos food you eat shame on Godi Media and BJP goons
Brainless  farmers
Very well explained
Why are y'all so negative in the comment sections? Can you at least show some respect towards our brothers & sisters standing up for us in Punjab. The whole country is collapsing meanwhile you all have time to talk about "oh who are they going to blame" or "they lost". Are you really that oblivious. You can't claim being a "Punjabi" or "Sikh" or even "Indian", if you're going to sit here and allow our rights being stollen from us. It's less then a 5% that most Farmers protesting even got the Corona Virus, it's most of y'all that are silent, not doing nothing for your people. Anyways etkta zindabad .
Money will be spent in Punjab state with mandis not in GUJARAT
Not to sound critical, but she makes the entire topic seem disinteresting and it's like dictating from a newspaper itself. It's a request to please either make the videos more interactive or perhaps find a better tutor. She may be a great knowledgeable person but not a good teacher.
Destruction of Public property by those who do do not pay any taxes .
Shame on the Government.The way it introduce and pass the bill.Why Parliament is needed it is million dollar question.
Frankly,  intellectual arrogance of Abhijit is palpable, but   content is superficial. 
Shame on this news channel.
But the khalistani don't want strike and riots to stop and tell nhi 3 farm laws hatao , no BAAT cheet.
and Few mochi free for modi
How hard is it to take back those laws? About 100 farmers have DIED in the cold, they've been sitting there in the cold for 2 months and for 4 months in total (in punjab). These kind of things are bound to happen if you keep ignoring a crowd of millions of people, not all of them have the same ideology. This was wrong but these people were allowed to enter the red fort and there are videos showing cops sitting there and watching them plant the flag on the fort, and then the police started lathi charge, Obviously this was planned by none other that our country's plague (BJP).
Even if farm laws are repealed in parliament rakesh tikait won't return he will keep protesting till elections
Modi lost?. Ur own narrative...he is winning without firing one bullet..will all journos like u against him...u r from old journalists that thrived by serving first family..
Sometimes loyalty needs a Mike to tell truth to blind people....
Why police not just shoot them with missiles
, It's because of uas government support them,else there might not be any name like taliban
Everybody wants free stuff. Why tf should I pay for it? Shouldn't I be getting free stuff too? Lazy ass farmers can afford to protest for years, anyone with a real job wouldn't be able to afford a protest for so long.
They are looting Indians
thanks
Yo thara bhai joginder 
along with Rs 100 per quintal incentive bonus to check stubble burning.
Thanks  mam one of the  best of yours
I want to see tractor parade inside Delhi but not inside high security zones
---Invaded Nepal and one of its soldiers was shot dead by 
When you don't want to acknowledge the truth instead just want people like Rakesh Tikait to validate your false notions of todays truth. please spare us. newslaundry.
Then Mughal 
They are not ordinary farmers they're cororpathya it is not daring all are frightened all are corona positive.
Sikhs are respected throughout the world yet in India they continue to suffer since 1947. History will not forgive Indian treachery against the great Sikhs. God is the witness.
We the nation stand in support with the Farmers
JAI.SRI.RAM.JAI.HIND.JAI.HO.B.J.P.NAMO.NAMO
Short and focused
They are anti india Sikhs I guess
Please upload more videos on agriculture current affairs tq
7.	Factitive verbs. (Underlined at Page no. 61)
we support farmers and yes it was good idea to show your strength and should have burnt down red fort--- 
We the Children Of India are standing Shoulder to shoulder with them
They can not be leaders.
Taliban just needs to border to export Heroine.  There's no way there giving that up. It's the biggest gang in the world.
He did it because elections are near. People should remember the suffering he caused everyone since day one when they go to vote.
If you believe in god then you start to love everyone! 
These all are anti Indian anti Hindu get together. Indian government should take hard and hard decisions
Agriculture is under state list? As mam said?? Ahh?
Sare channel ek hi bhasha bolte hai inko settlement amount advance mil jata hoga
Excellent work.  Watching third time. Keep it up
India is not a criminal to follow the steps of criminal and looters. India wants justice for Indians and thier unity in diversity
Why d rate of potato is so high??
Superb session sirji thank you so much sir 
YouTube: The Wire, The Quint, The Print, Hindustan Live, Newslaundry
Kisan bhaiyo - let SC make the decision. They will decide right for now and for future. It is evident that Govt., in its quest to do "right" , did it in a myopic way, without catering to the needs of all sections. It needed greater initiative, more discussions and agreement, with provisions to re-visit issues in the future. Koi sarkar kisika maa baap nehi hota hai. Modi ji ek PM hai par he is not right in executions most of the times. Khali intention accha honey se hi nehi chalta hai. Jaldi sudhro aur sab kuch accha se, dhire se sudharo...creative destruction pe matt jaao. 
CITIZENS SEEM TO TAKE THIS RSS TOO LIGHTLY..MORE IN STORE....
But through Modi's unilateral announcement without any consultation faced now a shame and further requirements may raised by these farmers again because no agreement have been made with farmers Union prior this announcement.
Time to fight against anti hindus of any forms. No mercy at all. Time to unite against these all odds. Kick those basterds
Don't worry BJP must be give answer in the future because true is spred ONE DAY...
Akalis are responsible for putting Punjab in to drugs. They are crying now because this new bill eliminates middlemen which means akalis loose money. That's why all this drama
Criminal Netaas ambition, it is not for long. Are they in power till their lost breath,not at all,but farmers community will be there to feed us.
Commission for agriculture cost and price
I don't understand,how these guys become Police officer.
Government unable to stock more on same goods year on year and in rain you might have seen government stock is wasted. Farmers just grow same crop on msp guarantee and government have to buy and stock or pile them. Consumption is less and stock is more. Wasted. Hungry stays hungry and government cannot feed all free. Cannot sold outside country for loss. So they got new bill so wastage will be avoided. Directly sold in market will help government and farmers also think not to grow same crop so rates will be slashed if quantity is more. Government did good work but farmers have to think smart and grow new goods which are not available and if there is loss in this government should guarantee no loss...
The main problem lies with price hike which hardly taken into debate.  The price hike would effect directly BJP 's hope much more than farm agitation which has added fuel to the fire. Fire has already errupted  with price hike. Modi has to forgo his arrogance displeasing his two best beneficiaries. The causality of 670 lives and unlimited pains on the part of agitated farmers would never  heel inspite of belated feelings.
All Govt and states can learn from BJP that you can just bring any bill into parliament and pass it without votes and discussion .... 
Modi was telling sabka sath, sabka Vikas and sabka biswas but it appears that he is with the arthritis/middle man. Today is the black day for small and marginal farmers.
Are you paid heavily by these guys
I am proud of the farmer 
I appreciate all the farmers those who are participating at the protest in Delhi today, I  always support you
Gandhi's are surprised. They have no issue for next elections.
This is due to, Indian judges and judiciary are very corrupted in world. They dont work for county, they work for personal benefits and money Even worst than politicians. From 1947 they only work for rich, and corrupt politicians. Thats reason ordinary public never trust on any  courts. Hence corruption, and crime increases in India. Courts only open for rich and powerful mafia, politicians and terrorist, never get justice ordinary public.
This is the attitude of the bhakts & they consider themselves always above the law of the land!
What goes around, comes around. Pakistan is being rewarded for supporting the Taliban! It is no longer the US but the Taliban that they have to deal with!
We proud of our country  and we proud of our country 
I like your way of teaching... 
The Quint : let's break India for foreign funding !
LoL they ban when farmers win  what a joke
https://youtu.be/sPREawxhudE educated farmer voice 
Death of democracy 
Indian nation elect the non sense prime minister
rakesh dakait took money from canada, china and pakistan..uske khilaaf kai saari FIR darj honi chahiye ..declare shoot at sight of these modern day terrorists 
Natk.he.sab
This is a question on UN- A  failed organization. 
Bill left Pawar nowhere.
Journalist making a big deal of PMs apology.
additional amount shall be annexed to the farming agreement.
"THANK YOU SO MUCH, SIR"
Okay, no offense but how does it affected my psyche! Today, at 4.47 at night, I am still having a nightmare , about this kind kind of agitation happening at guruduwara Bangla Sahib! Nihands were running after people with swords and other things! And this visual is not going from my head! I didn't recognise these people and don't consider them Sikhs any more!!
Good evening dear sir and thank you so much sir
Govt.. Have..analysis. .and..dertmine.. The..rate..with..the..experts.. And..evry..season..r..yr..then..make..msp..on...all..crops..r..veg..with..govt. Center..in..all..village.. Of..india..for..buying..with..storage..syatem. Then..all..farmers..make..some benefit...
If these people are farmers then I'm an astronaut
Farmers don't beat police they are in duty if you wanna beat so beat amit shah
Govt ruined farmers parade by sending their own goons in police uniforms. They r killing farmers. They lead them to go to red fort by bericating the proper route. Their all planing are getting failed everyday. Farmers protest still growing even more than before
excellent... i hope your subscribers increase.
True analysis of the news. Like the way it's been presented and always facts. Good work Mr. Sudhir
I think most of the farmer's  relatives  are in canada..even khalistani relatives are also there..so its natural canada p.m to support panjab farmer's protests..
Ngl , Atul Sir looks good . Can definitely be casted in an OTT series
Lol ..look at that MSP guy .very sad.now I have to go
Is that few???  If one died that is one to many!!!!! 
looks like ccp-pla is getting the upper hand because xi jin pig is diverting the world attentions from their malicious mischief involving the malicious creation of the ccp corona virus 2019and its intentional world wide pandemic at the expense of India.
Hatta off what a series 
cannot put aloo, phal, sabji, red chili powder in cold storage.........or in sealed plastic bag...........they are plant ........ ...........................they will die..................nooooooooo cold storage..........takeoff farmer bill.........no good..........
 you. in last 70 years Khangress tied hands with China, Xakistan, 
How can they attack senior citizens like dat.....shame on u
Let me tell how it turned violent police attacking farmer with weapons was ok but when nihanh singh protected farmers they were called atwaadi like guru Gobind Singh Ji was called baaghi
free electric free medical travel education etc only for netas and babus
Criminal chor fraud bjp mafia hatao desh bachao
What does farm laws have to do with khalistan creation?? 
No respect for law or constitution or democracy or human rights or secularism
These are few amongst millions of Indians who are supporting the farmers agitation cos the black farm bills are against the interest of the citizens and not against the farmers alone.
Now,BJP tattu will say these are khalistani......
Islamic religion is not going to last long. Only way you can enforce the rules is through oppression.
Thank you wion for bringing all the updates
Modiji a Truly Dumb Dictator ,living in fantasy world , leading a country in worst way.
Tribal land for corporate
What are the issue in the farm bill can anyone help me???
Oh the propaganda isn't backing down anytime soon.
Wow, what a way to debate here. I geuss that a civilian life does not matter anymore.  Murder is murder. Just politics all over again. I believe that the police will investigate these murders or will not investigate, according whom their political masters are?
no terrorist can touch our TIRANGA , they are not at all farmers , JAI HIND , JAI HIND
Will 3 laws be repealed ? Or Still harsher laws will be enacted after UP state elections. It is a trick played on voters. No farmer will believe him!!
Easy solution for everything....
Tere sare mission paise batorne wale hote h
It looks like they are prepping for zombie apocalypse...
#wearewiththefarmers
Sir msp pe ek specific vdo laiye. As I don't know about MSP
India's  largest  Rich Farmers  and middle men Protest .Don't  ever call my Country  POOR
Useless anchor. Communist Chanel.
This is how communism differentiate with all other parties they're unlike other political party they're work for workers and farmers etc , but the other political parties are work for power, they'll do anything for to get the power
The minister must be so ashamed that he must leave politics right now and you are asking him to resign.
Y are some farmers covering their faces?
Where is Gus subsidy
Police should kill these fake Farmer's like China and the protester will run away
They should have used slurry
It's an inappropriate decision by Americans of total pulling out its troops, alternatively replaced with 100,000 indian war troops to replace the vaccum, which would have depressed efforts of terrorists ingressing
*Very well done Sukhbir, who spoke openly & fearlessly in Parliament in favour of farmers and Harsimrat,who tendered her resignation from union cabinet in favour of the farmers of punjab.Both have proved that the Badal family is always with the farmers.*
From today onwards any news of farmers sucide will not pain me.They themselves are responsible for that.
Scared bjp
Pre planned
I understand from footages the regime leaders consist mostly mountain herdsman with more than 15 goats under their ownership.
Then you won .
they were protsting it in london this weekend
12. Ethiopian civil war 1975-91.
Big win for India
Although I don't support AIMIM... But the question he has raised is genuine one.... Why media and people of our country don't understand that India is middle man between taliban and USA and they were in every meeting almost held in doha between taliban and USA.... You can check it in internet recently Indian delegation met taliban in doha... Can we deny it
This corrupt government is putting Jawana against Kisans to give profits to their funders. Jawan should join Kisan to make them realise none can rule us. They need to realise they are servants, stop misusing powers
What ever modi do for the country oppose it .This is main motto of opposition
Modi is in Lucknow, quite oblivious to the horror he has created.
Human being live in Nature!
Ppl working in fields does not know benefits of farm laws but ppl sitting on youtube knows benefits. 
It's a planned Conspiracy against Yogi Government
Abe chutiya theory me good and implement me might be bad ka matlab kya hai? Might be?  Toh try toh karne de na. Gey chutiya meghnad
Nothing will happen.
Cop behave as though they are brave and confident with mic. But Inside they fear when this mob will turn to them 
A clear trap, Farmers or public, don't fall for this!! It's all for the upcoming election gimmick. Let's not put them to power again!
Any bill must be passed through vote only moreover  the vote should be done by the rajya sabha members sitting on their own place and the result must be displayed in the hall
I was supporter of this law because I love modi and there was no channel which was explaining it truly every channel was under a propaganda whether bhakt channel or chamcha channel but now I can to know what these laws are and now I support farmers and oppose modi this time 
one of the Greatest actor, iam sure Arnab can act in bollywood
Thank you so much for well explanation.
This should reach to more people.
Support truth support farmers support india
though modi does not have guts to communicate with them about the laws  being made  for farming ... he is  a coward who can just rule people wht to do and everyone is keep following him         .....shame on those people who are blind and dump like this channel
Long Live the Great Afghan Taliban .
Modi is YOGI super power full hero up mein per Yogi Adityanat Cm hi bane ge Jai Shree Ram 
thanks sir , the definition of msp  is best respect to another video in YouTube
BJP AUR RSS seigh the whole Nation,  Nation Media, Country in Name of Various JUMALA like VIKASH HINDUTVA RAM MANDIR RAM RAJYA GOOD Governance Aachay Din not Only this 2 Carore Jobs Per years and 15 LACKH for KAAL DHAN.
Anna hazare lost his credibility after giving Kejriwal
No use nothing  going to happen what happen  to Herald case rajive ,gandhi foundation wadra land, they made big fraud  case Gandhi family but no action till yet  better solution  is Bharat mukt  congress
Shame on media showing that it is a matrer of only Punjab and Haryana
This is why india is a banana republic
Not clear on your intention about this episode, you were in favor of reforms then what is your contribution to convince farmers and blame their so called mouthpieces
Nice sharing
Wow sir, it's the best explined 
Sikhs killing pe congress chup kyu he!
Well explained.  The reform looks good in paper, but opening up the market to private players doesn't guarantee and a smooth transaction. The issues of APMC price management can also pop up when big private corps step in. Similarly the misuse in contract farming can also be suppressive to the farmers. The farm laws arnt perfect, however they could have been sent a parliamentary standing committee before being passed hastily without in depth expert inputs.
Ye kya tamasha ho raha hain.. route to select kiya huya tha.. fir barricades todne ki kyu jarorat thi
 freebies , subsidies , tax exemptions meant for the small /marginal 
please media don't give too much publicity to this man. he is a traitor of his mother land.avoid him
Hey Crux can you make an exclusive video on some kannada leaders like yediyurappa, Deve Gowda, Ananth Kumar, DK shivkumar
I guess uhh didn't needed to overact in the beginning, uhh R naturally that way.....too bad
best explanation so far
Government is now getting bill on crypto currency now investors will sit on the road.
Response to this agitation has always been dismal. All knew that this is a politically motivated fake agitation. All knew that this was a threat to national security too. But Modi was informed about it not by the national security agencies that looked so incompetent but by Amrindar Singh's file. Modi let these guys go to the heart of the nation and insult the national flag. Because it was politically motivated the movement hasn't died down. Here protest is much more important than the welfare of farmers. A brand is already formed. It will be kept alive by other flimsy demands. 
For the past 70 years where was the Tikait
Even the East India Company did not divide this much. Wah!
This is so disheartening to watch, the biggest irony of what we were being taught in schools. 1. India is a secular country 
Maybe, i don't think that anyone of our opposition have ever heard about  constructive criticism
UNO PLEASE HELP TO INDIAN-FARMERS 
Quint you loosed my respect get in the asshole
you are amazing! love your frankness
MODI: only shameless PM in the world who has never given a press conference.........Only good in reading from the Teleprompter
MEIN NAHI AARAHAA HAI 
Whether APMC OR PRIVATE PLAYERS not less than MSP.
A good debate hosted by Rahul.
Thanks a for our beloved students...
*Stop calling them farmers! They are maoists + congressi+ ISI agents +khalistani, etc*
Thank you Ndtv for covering this and reporting things honestly
Great job on the content and the presentation through all of these cool animations. Props to Raunaq and the entire team! 
And just throw that mentality outta ur head that only the farmers were killed ig more than farmers..the police and the innocent people were the one who died in majority..
We need honestly
Election stunts.
Most of the video was music
This Dakait is focusing on UP elections. Do baar haar chuka hai, Teesri koshish me jeetna chahta hai, ab natak kaise continue karega 
Both used it be peaceful and prosperous buddhist nations until they switched their believe. Tell me one country where Islam really works and doesnt cause suffering? Its time they open up for once and question their faith.
Loss : Now, the farmer will sell that rest 60 quintal to any private businessman & they take just 40 to 45% below than msp the same product... So, at that place farmers occur a huge loss..
They are not real farmers. They are mediator only who sucks the blood of real farmers. Same on you News 24.
The BJP are  trying to do riot with the help of Amit Shah (Home  Ministry) just like last Year.
Ye kisan nhi hai politicians hai bencho
Education all degree
Correct answer is option C
I think modi just came to know little bit about farmers of up hariana and punjab
Protest karnewale kusaan Kahan the.. no wonder why India is still developing and a rich country inhibited by corrupt  people .. iss country ko Raga jaisa aur khangress  jaisa log hi theek hain..one day there wont be any India believe me
After 74 yrs,rich want to hide from paying taxes,but avail subsidy.
Jawan vs kissan , thanks to shit and uneducated BJP modi government
This show is hysterical- how dare you comment about National security when the sons of kisans protect the border of India.
Farmers are fighting for country
These laws are supported by Apex Institutions like
Chor h abp news chainal
this officer should put in to jail to use violence or who ever gave him order to use force against protesters. 
We now officially have * Indian Hitler Narender Modi*
We should sport farmersn 
700 sahid kissan pr bhi kuch boldete to accha hota
A true leader never fumbles ,such fragile act showed how weak is modi government.never expected such an act
Thank you Ambani and Adani ji for repealing the laws.
You hate America and hate LIVING in America? Take a gander at this...
yeah, cutting  the body of someone into pieces for alleged blasphemy is Nagrik Dharma. BS
Reddy , where is infrastructure for reforms?
Shame to police do not eat
BJP spokesperson said," Modi is the most sensitive leader in the world"
""When life gives 100 reasons to cry show life gives 1000 reasons to smile""
I come from India where PM withdraws his three farm laws in view of upcoming elections. .....
Thank you so much mam 
Where did they go? In vain !?
Very shame on these lie news.
They already spent so many days
Good to see bhojpuri song on sony
Maha chamacha   congress chamacha
Tell me an instance where the central government treated us indians! 
good to see the important article in separate video....
After killing so many farmers...wat victory for farmers...sadness to the state of this country.. fought for one yr and he is replying now.. jole PM..worse than trump
This government only works for big corporates. 
This should go viral
Are starting inki todni chaiye thi..
Stop this nonsense at once......dont poke ur nose in our matters.
Thats how you get rid of poverty, thats what is The reason western countries, not many people are below poverty line . 
Zee News republic Bharat News 18 godi media muradabad
So Now " We Should stand With Our Farmers 
The farmers should invest in. Futuristic technology, alternative toppings or seeds.
SANGAM  SARANAM  GACHHA  MI
this is khalistan protest not farmers protest
Power of  farmers unity
Best scene ever . first time common people beating police
Now people know what is happening in kashmir
Taliban come to kashmir india ples help . .  
Thousands of Modi bhagats and agents disguised as police and farmers, with full cooperation of Delhi Police were deployed along the route and to the Red Fort.  Their only mission was to derail the farmers peaceful protest and show them in bad light. Everything was planned in great detail. 
gave me goosebumps bro, wonderful.
The congress party is agitating these farmers from Punjab.  They are attacking the police .
Aur phir ye log corona failaye
Librandus/Brotherhood/Chamche/Lundbhakt happy now. Now look for other propoganda 
 sdm influence       ?
That violates ceasfire
Why don't govt allows crop to be sold on free market
Still people are sitting in singhu border but govt is still silent...thank you for addressing the issue...if you can bring this thing up one again..
After all this events , can't vote to BJP ...   Looking for much better candidate for vote
NAKLI  KISHANON  NE  KITNE  RAPE  KIYE  KITNE  MURDER  KIYE  OR  AB  INAAM  BHI  CHAHTE  HAIN  YE  MODI  SARKAR  KAMZOR  SARKAR  HAI  AGAR  AAJ  INDERA  GHANDHI  HOTI  WO  TEEN  DIN  MAIN  JAHHANUM  PAHUCHA  DETI.PM  MODI  NE  ENKI  IDENTIFICATION   NAHIN  KI  SABSE  BARI  PM  KI  MURKHTA  HAI.
Why are the news channel speaking only about SP, why aren't they asking the present criminals in ruling BJP party.
How are you Paltu Ram 
Only middle men oppose this bill not farmers
Wow..acting
Respect farmer but I love my india .shameful incident
Increased exp on petrol(frequent motorcycle use ) and mobile charges by unemployed rural youth which is a burden on family.
High court , IMF , US president Joe Biden
Everyone must be die in your god given time will be arrived!
Now, I remember the Nuclear deal done by Dr Manmohan Singh how risky it was for his government but he took the risk
ye 1980 me congress ki paida ki huvi RSS-BJP hai. *This kisan bill is long term conspiracy.*
Bastered India today's team.only 4 farmers are killed by jeep and other 4 killed by farmers of jeep passengers 
 How farmhouse doralu n corrupted politicians on the name of farming income making white their corrupted income in crores by evading tax. That's what now crying not for farmer's welfare    
This bastard is searching for new contract 
We are farmers not terrorist
If this is such an evil bill, then why aren't farmers from other parts of the country protesting. In fact many other farmers(more than the ones protesting on highways and causing civil unrest) support the bill.
Election fear is griping BJP
It is seen that Islam is the true religion of God Allah in the world, which will never end by destroying as much as possible.  with so much pressure
Wrong explanation. Fact is now big corporates can buy directly from Farmers and anyone with PAN can be a trader. So more options for farmers to sell. Problem is APMC can be completely skipped impacting their profit and corruption by middle men will be low.
People of India don't deserve reforms. Don't cry for reforms in future.
Kissan andolon ke piche Congress hai
Yes that is true sir
It will show what is in their mind.
"Food grains should be cheaper" that's the main problem. No matter what bill you make, farmers will get less money. Capitalists and these mandi goons are no different.
These fellows are not kisan agents of opposition parties. No police should act. Use stick
mam isn't it commission for agriculture cost and produce  intead of pice
Only gdp of agriculture was positive now government is making its condition like other sectors .
Major tariq fateh on special mission to scare india from ISI and jehadist well done major tariq 
Now Greeta toolkit proof that 26 january is a preplanned conspiracy.
Every reporter has a different way of explaining the laws, yet in all history, the farmers are stinking rich by using small farmers to produce for them. What about that?
WOW.. so many farmers in Comment section...
One sided reporting.....
Lotus 56 punchard ??
Well yes, we will praise those who say farmers are terrorist and punish those who bring out the real issues in our country.
Violent clashes as Indian farmers storm Delhi's Red Fort  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2021/jan/26/violent-clashes-as-indian-farmers-storm-delhis-red-fort
App ka chanal par dislikes show nhi hota
I too was thinking Modi was right on this issue
This fellow need to quit his profession, he is a big disgrace and unfit for this profession. He just got HOUNDING VOICE shouts for no reason. A big lier a big cheater misleasing people by his lies. But today I hope all came to know his reality!
these all are khalistani not farmers
0:58 that blue smoke is beautiful. What is that?
Z news sirf B.K.P. ka chanel hai
It's not breakthrough for Farmers, but for Yogi Das and for bjp for their next Assembly elections in UP and other states.
Rubbish Kumar you also building one sided Narrative 
Only 3 states farmers had problems! Says it all
i wonder how an entire party can lose its conscience?!!! there is no opposition, only one party, as they wanted, one nation one party.
Where is the supreme court of world's largest democracy?  Why they are not taking any suo moto notice against the government? Who has given them the authority to block the highways?
Kya godi media bhul gya regarding such type of interviews.. What a healthy talks with Rakesh Tikait ji.. Wow..
The police officer is telling a big lie
Press F to pay respect
THIS is a protest by vested feudal interests that want to surpress ordinary poor farmers and people by skimming off the top.
Sp rld win
5) where are 2crore government jobs as you promised during elections (2019)
Ek protest GODI media ke against bhi honi chahiye
I read somewhere that in some survey around 46-47% indians give priority to a strong leader over democratic processes
I'm with farmers
BJP need not worry about any negative electoral impact and in fact it is bound to gain very positively a lot electorally both in the long and short run. But the crucial and some what the urgent need of the hour is that BJP should deploy its best communication and campaign skills in dispelling \ countering \ negating the poisonous, extremely negative and a very wide inimical campaign started by the many rich farmers and very rich arthriyas (middlemen) in absolute collaboration with some political parties that are against the BJP against the new 3 farm laws in order to influence the poor and marginal farmers of Jats and of India also.
We are all terrorist  
State governments
7.06 The guy behind wearing green pagg (turban) looks like Yograj Singh (Yuvraj's father) for some reason
Actual farmers are doing there job and living, middle man and so called goons are protesting!!!
Support to farmers 
 Please attention this
its about better learning plus competion to make india a highly competteive market in teh world 
  respect brother 
Well explanation madam and than the what is the A2+FL and than C2 
Congress IT cell
I condemn govt action on honest Farmers, shame on the govt.
Jawab milega UP Election 2022@Public in dhara144
Does this Ayush Sinha deserve to be called An officer !!.....He should be terminated from his service with an immediate effect.
                                I proud of you   
Modi government  is very cruel
lol this is wrong info , all the farmers had gone to there homes , they are called farmers not khalistani , fack (dna) vale
Ab khan-gress kuchh nhi bolega, kyun ki ye lathi charge Punjab mein hua hai. Pappu must do a press conference and say something.
You fail to understand Modiji's long and smartly  targeted strategies
Zee News has lost its credibility !!!
So excited when government are humiliated THX FARMER
World Supports the Farmers of India. If the Farmers do not get a fair opportunity to live and work in a free market, how will the people of India eat? Modi must of got a slap from GOD.
Could this be true?: Import of food grains is cheaper for the Indian government because international prices are low. Some economists have advised the government to import food grains rather buy from the Indian markets. That way the fiscal deficit can be controlled. This thinking guides the three laws. The government can import its PDS needs, and save money both on the storage and purchase. 
  CDS-- 
Are chutiyo indian flag was not replaced show the other side of the video dont confuse people
Mam did u know how the bill introduced this bill which illegal u also need information for this try better informative
We need another video to revive the National attention!
The sdm looked like lord Krishna from Mahabharata, when he gave getta updesh to Arjun that fight your enemies and don't have any doubt to protect the dharma i.e hindutva,I support this sdm, braveboy.
You traitor! Modi is best india has! Congress has ashamed india on the world platform! BJP is making india strong. Shame on you
Kishor Satwick
Hope u should learn from NDTV
Abhi to party shuru hui he
Sir the former can't fight for justice   with reputed private firm because India is not that much free in curuption. It is technically and practically impossible in present scenario.  What do think sir....?
Shame shame from myself we are facing trouble because of support modi,s reforms .
Are there psycho mindset fellows in congress
Wastage of Water ... Govt do not make water ... how can they waste it ... Farmers in interiors of  Maharashtra and  many other palces face water shortage ...and here rightfull farmers ... are bullied with water canons in the chilly winter season... this story would be taught in history ... to our kids .. that How farmers were harrased again in Free India by the Hands of elected Govt .
Why do they call it the reptilian brain?
Freedom fight at freedom day ... Go framer every indian with you
VERY FUNDAMENTALLY IMPORTANT ACTIONS NEEDED: INDIA CAN'T AFFORD TO LOOSE JAFFNA PENINSULA, NOTHERN & EASTERN SRILANKA LAND MASS & SL TAMILIAN'S MUTUAL WIN-WIN BOND; INORDER TO COUNTER THREAT THRU SOUTHERN TIP FROM CHINA.    PLEASE TAKEOVER JAFFNA PENINSULA UNDER INDIAN CONTROL  RIGHT NOW (BEFORE IT GETS TOO LATE).   DEVELOP JAFFNA PENINSULA AS PART OF INDIAN TERRITORIAL & SECURITY ZONE.  SL POLITICIANS ARE BUNCH OF FOOLS (MAY DANCE FOR $  BY SELLING THEIR COUNTRY'S LAND MASS TO CHINA).  TAMIL NADU AND SOUTHERN TIP OF INDIA IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT FOR INDIAN DEFENCE & ECONOMIC SECURITY. SPENDING ON DEFENCE IS IMPORTANT BUT POSITIONING / EXTENDING THE DEFENCE AND SECURITY ZONES BEYOND TO JAFFNA, SRILANKA'S LAND MASS IS MUCH MORE IMPORTANT.
You are wrong in this i disagree
"If you ever sniffed the dust you wouldn't do that to us." Word's of a farmer. 
""Any school and college students here""
Again we have to see that dirty face!
Wooww thank you for explaining in such a good way 
*this show how hard it is to bring changes in india*
Ranjeet singh is out on Bail now..Fateh
The print is khalistani favourite for a reason
Congress has to have heavy price for this created nuisance
Gr8 work, explained nicely
Bjp government is corrupt government
I am from Punjab and let me put the limelight on the issue.
Who created barricade to divert farmers from POLICE APPROVED ROUTE...
Govt is rolling back farm laws....but Reforms should not be stopped...
media doesn't have the guts to ask ambani adani whether thes farm laws are good or bad.
I am from lakhimpur kheri ,this incident looks planned and a method to somehow effect stability as the elections are very near .
Middle men providing loans to farmers sounds silly defence to deny a bill.
Jai hind..... Great pm
Where is Mayawathi and BSP ?. Appear only for election?, Where is 23 senior leaders of Congress?
Good explain
Chinese bio warfare operations successfully deployed
Newslaundry make a video about string
Jisse sbko ek clear information mile ...nhi toh bhtt channels political party k oppose or support krte hue explain kr rhe h  bill ko..jisse kafi log mislead horhe
I'm not a BJP or Congress or any other party supporter. I'm a Modi hater.
It was not a tractor rally but a traitor rally from the beginning. Each and every tractor used in this rally should be confiscated and land if these fake farmers have, should be given to unemployed youth. These people are not interested in farming.
Real Picture not show protest for farmer problem channel
How stupid do you think your audience is? Stop embarrassing yourself
Support and salute for this brave work and journalism chaukidar chore hai evm hatao bjp rss godse ki aulad bhagao desh bachao bjp rss sold India modi maut ka saudagar amit shah tadipar aditya nath terrorist are spreading terror root out of the country and send to Pakistan bycott ambani Adani lala ramdev products bjp rss ke sc st obc ke piththu mps bidhayako ki kutai save constitution and democracy jai jawan jai Kishan jai mazadur jai sambidhan
We feel ashamed of you.
Ok, here what I got from this episode. To quote: 'it may not help bjp much, but it would damage Congress a lot in Punjab.'  Some times it feels The Print is the gang leader of right wing sanghi crowd.
Lets demand justice wait.. is it UP? Forget it. UP is Indias jungle since a long a long time.
I dont understand what Shekhar says. Only in a free market, there are possibilities for many intermediaries between the producers and the consumers. In the regulated market, there is only one government agency between them. When there is excess supply, prices fall in a free market, and the MSP is only discretion that the Government may or may not exercise. But in the regulated market, there can be political and public pressure on the Government to give MSP for the farm products. In India, our farm production has far exceeded our need. That is the reason why farmers prefer a regulated market where MSP is assured. From the farmers point of view, their opposition to the free market is in their interest.
Farmers stand your ground . Do not allow the corporations to take over.
Ab PM modi fir mandir me ghus gya, thode din me Gurdware me bhee nazr aayega. Politicians ne dharm ko istemaal kr rkha hai literally
The farm laws are KALA at the core:
Protest can end in no time, government just need to take a step back on them. But goverment is busy with bengal, religion.
Such a fragile and fake media report that the suspension of Yogendra Yadav paved way to repeal the form laws is joking. You are a puppet as well as a joker.
Once Indian PM MODI was banned (Blacklist) in US because modi was involved in muslims man slaughtering in Gujrat. So I believe world will be ok with Taliban too
Where is congress, why this situation congress is silent. Why congress party officialy support by farmers. The congress party must study the struggle of the farmers.
Continued massive subsidy is unsustainable. Irrespective of the very positive view of Mr Sharma, aadhatiyas are the reason why farmers don't get a fair deal for the produce. The modification required is to allow farmers to sell directly to consumers..preferably on a co operative Amul Model
Wow the title to this video is a bit misleading
Whats a magic..
How lawless can the evil government be .
There were agitation only in 2 states but the rest of India  shall pay price for same. Really unfortunate.
farmers asked for water to fight drought and they gave them this way
Aap bhot accha  samjate  ho
But if you are a supporter of human rights, environmental protection, then you ought to read the laws first, and see the agricultural trends in India, and then comment.
He gives this world for everyone!
The BJP is the enemy of humanity...
That's it. So....
This Chaiwala and India has paid the price for upsetting Punjab.
something big is going to happen 
Leftist to Ndtv ,congress leading groups ,china to pak  sab khushhhh....
Forgien media always glorifies Punjabis no one showed rakesh tikait ravi azad Mandeep Punia are we haryanvis, rajasthani and up jats stupid ??
farwar law should come back
The farmers are right and the gov and agri companies are wrong and only interested in their profits, disband these agri corporations they're ruining our health and environment
Farmers feed us not like modi ji, ambaani and adaani who want to attain top positions to fulfill their worldy desires. Modi govt is suppressing their voice if farmers are saying they don't want this law then why government have passed it. Today they need our support. Jai Jawaan Jai Kissan
Lado Rani sister Very good
Lanllantop, apse assi umeed nahi thi itna jhooth . Shame on u
Is there a chairty I can donate too or something?
_Samsung India on heels of Maruti Suzuki with net sales of Rs 75,461cr in FY20; net sales increased 7%_
They were khalistan supporter, khalistan is known as Trrorism. If it was done in another country they all would have shot down.
Super concept keep it up
Hindurashtra is only Hindu's in india
NRC one of most KALA KANUN. and Most confusion Laws. Please close this. Our economy totally demolished This Laws. JOY HIND.
Look who is giving lecture ,tejeswee yadav , his father tooled famer he even not left fooder  of cow
Evm should be followed from programming to the end
Very cute and intelligent mentor
A democratic country works with majority if Ambani Adani n Modi is against majority they are in danger for sure because they have no idea they are dealing with Guru Gobind Singh's lions Modi will pay for it I thik he was week in history during his schooling
What a fool you are, this is obviously a BJP Fanboy channel but why lie to BJP supporters? There is ZERO benefit to farmers from these laws, they ONLY EXIST TO ENRICH CORPORATIONS. The same corporations that fund the BJP. The second they're repealed the protest will end. Modi and his goons are playing politics, but the farmers just want to get on with their lives. The hundreds of farmers who have died so far didn't give their lives for 'politics'. THIS IS NOT A GAME.
Thanx a lot.this make me easy understandable.
People of india only remember farmers during this protest.
A Govt - building Concentration Camps
But Thank God you are in india.
Now modi bend down on his knees. #FarmersProtest 
now i know , thank you SWU
It is KHALISTAN FLAG on THE RED FORT 
No stop kersan andhloan because modi not come in the andhloan
Study IQ's UPSC course is designed by some of the best faculties in our country. Our comprehensive UPSC course will help you excel in both Prelims and Mains examination.
The print, Quint, Wire,  rNDTV.  rajdeep sar desai,   Havard fake proffessor  are fake news roiters.
First you Go and analyse full details thank you!!
Request to all farmers pls be safe and wear mask.
Stop the Farm bills immediatly with out discussions
be prepare for something very big
Ab organic krishi, drones se chemicals chhidak kar hogi.
3. Framework for Contract Farming: First Contract farming is totally voluntary. It usually takes place between buyer and seller (farmer/s) for specialized commodities for meeting niche markets such as baby corn, special varieties of capsicum etc.  Formal Contract farming has enabled farmers to offer produce at predetermined price and for market price above contractual price, farmer has liberty to sell at higher price. Small farmers have benefitted more than large farmers in contract farming as income derived per acre was the highest for small farmers (Experience of Baby corn and vegetables
# we support him ..
Avnish bais 28/09/2020
This is a reminder to the BJP government not to take the people of India as fools.Apologize and compensate the families that have lost their loved ones during the whole year of protests. Remember the lathi charge, water cannons, police brutality can not work today in a democracy. You had been warned almost a year ago but the advice did not get into your arogant head.
thnks for information sir.
Mind blowing
This entire protest is just a propaganda. Nothing else.
Reason for protest?
This govt doesnt have any spine! Aint voting for them in the next election. cowards!
2 of the major rivers of indus water treaty pass through punjab and fresh water is essential for paddy farms.
Who is here after repealed These Three Laws
The aimless Jews at the time of Messenger were satisfied with worldly life. They even wished to live here for a thousand years. But their long life did not benefit them for identifying their sins since they rejected the Lord's Book.
Note : Read BJP on Wikipedia. Democratic Backsliding is in Progress 
Really good  brave man
Without that, it's like throwing them out of the ship and they're saying, they don't even know how to swim. Govt. They are the backbone of Indian society, Govt. needs to have understanding, empathy & compromise.
This comment section is an absolute circle-jerk
Here are just a few of the farmersthat are not less in  number but as compared to the overall number of farmers in India these are few farmers from all over India...
What kind of welfare is this ??
That's so beautiful
Hindus, every farmers think about everyone, whole God' a creation. We are children of one God's. Why only sikhs think about whole humanity, every religion, every human supports, think about humanity. umanity is most important then religion. I also love and respect, care to every one like sikhs.
Priyaji your teaching mathed fine. Rajendra Kumar
Farmers never start anything 
As farmers if we are still dependent on a company/govt to solve our problems it would never happen. Lets do it ourselves. Lets come together to create fpo with no entry for politics inside it to make sure it benefits the farmers with policies created by the farmers. The policy makers are never farmers and they never understand the ground reality, so let the farmers make it themselves and contain it locally.
Do you even know anything about basic economics that you are shouting. Telecom sector is not an example of monopoly(there is one firm dominating the market),it is an example of an oligopoly(when there are 2 or more firms competing with each other). Although jio is the largest telecom company it is still not a monopoly as it receives tough competition from airtel.
Keep your spirits high brother farmers.the world is watching and victory soon for you guys. Love and prayers from Malaysia tamilan urban farmer.
Unpadhs are Ruling .
I believe there is good and bad everywhere around world, I only support Humanity.
tax the farmers , on their income (like we regular folks) !!! everyone needs to pay taxes on their income.. they are completely exempted ... why!!!
We dont want hear this liar at all as I dont believe him. He lied so much at UN stages
When the mask falls off, you can see the true face.
This protest is Organically done by the people of India against the puppet government which rules India
Supreme court should take impartial view why supreme court did not take suo moto action in Best Bengal where many people were killed and many many women were raped,robbed,and molested. Justice should be provided to eight killed persons All political parties and people should be stopped to entered in Lakhimpur
Wow.... Ye ek news channel h... Look at words and sentences which they are making for reporting.... Abe salo* orr kitna niche giroge... Chatukarita ki bhi had hoti h
This act is casued definitely by the close ally of Democratic indias first Terrorist Kotse's group, this is dangerous to India if political parties starts operating with such violoance group as part of their poilitical careers India will be ruined,, this kind of act was used largely against Arvind kejrival during election campaign, During NRC protests as welll
So Punjab and Haryana Farmers keep producing these resource intensive crops like paddy, sugarcane.. Sell all to government. Government exchequer bears all brunt.. Ultimately the common tax payers. With private sector money flow, technical expertise and demand they can start growing high yield crops, benefit themselves and the companies. So basically Haryana and Punjab farmers want things to stay as it is as they fill up the FCI quota. Hmmpf!
I am very disappointed man...
Shame on Modi government
So happy...
You can not have a cake and eat it
Indian police deserve this kind of treatment...... I support kissan
Jane Kate hai, immatured
TYPICAL "CORRUPTED CHARACTER" READY FOR POLITICAL BUSINESS 
Totally biased reporting
3 No power to approach civil courts in this matter 
PM silent. He'll give promotion to the IAS officer and the police. That's his strategy.
Bakwas he has no knowledge. Why u call him for interview
Came here after many ages just to see how would you guys report KISAN protests. And honestly u guys are going from bad to worst. Please show what is truth.
Why you work hard? 
Police officer ka kya name hai
Supply chain, cold chain, NEW jobs, NEW Technologies, NEW Research, CLEAN business, NO middle-men, much more far reaching effects on economy than PVN Rao's 1991-1192 economic reforms.  Actually much more!
Respect Amit!!! God bless!
Wait Wait........... nth
Districts leaders No performance in Kerala Bjp. Big groupism,
UP election on the way 
What a shameful debate. Godi media chumche
Chor h tu
bjp is corrupt criminal party
Unity is the strength of this protest, And unity always wins
Please develop cost of cultivation app , To prepare this data from different places, Now a days most of farmers have android, They download this app and updated daily work done and costs, finally they will get benefit cost ratio,  This is very useful to increase double the income. Farmer to know how much prices to put for agriculture, What to reduce and increase to increase their income.
Highest views on youtube on this topic
Westerners who have no idea of the farm laws , india's agriculture or the protests are commenting on how farmers are starving and the government is fascist lol. These are rich upper caste farmers who will now have to liberate lower caste farmers from bonded labour due to the laws and they obviously don't want that. Lol the next day these people will be the same ones to condemn caste discrimination .
they are not Indian they are khalistaniiiii
This is reality of kisan aandolan
FIGHT THE POWER 
What about quality ...quality kharab rhe fir v MSP?
*Tariq is the result of unplanned pregnancy *
Belive and realize god inside your mind then you will be understood everything!
Production House : The quint and Allies.
Can somebody explain me why a German media house is concerned about Indian politics?
0:07 here the video is app. 1 min only 
U need repair 
thanks for showing this 
A horror story of rapes murders and coivd hotspot
A lot of people want a good lifestyle but the way they spend can't see them get that lifestyle anytime soon the better  rich invest more and spend less
What a way to twist things and spread hate/misinformation.
Freezing weather Modiji dont want his people suffering in cold weather...JAI HIND JAI BHARAT..JAI  Stay United
But what is achieved? Terrorism neither ended nor Afghanistan won? Now that America is saying that they were not for nation building then what was America doing for 20 years? This would raise many more questions about America's presence in other countries around the world and moreover on its credibility. That why is America interfering in Taiwan, Tibet, Ukraine, Syria, Saudi etc???
 what they were ignoring.(farmer protest)
He wants to get his sister
Can't wait anymore we waited 63 days and negotiated. Nothing wrong the farmers have done.. if government doesn't listen, make him hear.. if Ambani Adanis government have sorted out this before.. there was nothing to take on streets of Delhi..
I wish you make a video on spectrum auction.
Even DM today said .. sar phod do if protestor comes forward .. in future they may say.. . Goli maar do..
Love you sir as always
Don't like india and are Intrested in knowing about Taliban must be put on aircraft to Kabul and left there to learn about Taliban.If Indira Gandhi was in power no lathi charge but firing directly on fake farmers and certainly hundreds would have been killed.Modi government has handled anti nationals with kid gloves to remain politically correct putting national security under threat in this period of pandemic
It's so hard to believe that only a few decades after The Indian Independence act the government was cruel enough to do this to Farmers.
Tactical retreat by losing a small battle is the best strategy to win a great war in future.
The history of big companies in agriculture across the world shows that small farmers are unable to compete and get uprooted once big players enter the market. Arecent study of contract farmingin the Moga, Tarn Taran and Amritsar proves this point for India as well
Sir good information shared 
That map is incorrect what you showed
These dramas will go for a couple of weeks. Organised by opposition parties.
No body uttered a word, when families of BJP were killed in west bengal post election violence!
Maharastra formers protest - Lathicharge .
Do whatever u can farm bill will still be implemented
Modi's next step will be to withdraw from the WTO; otherwise, India needs to pay billions of dollars as compensation to the EU, the USA, and Canada.
There are not Goverments in this world without goverment slave servent (Army, Police, Others...)  They make human as slave for satan's money......
JUST WANT TO GRAB ATTENTION OF PUBLIC AND SPREAD COMMUNIST PROPAGANDA
Jungle raj in UP if this video is not false.
President should withdraw the BJB government. They dont know how to rule India. They are ruining India.
Congress desperately looking for miracle
Just unbelieving  Extortion  Inhuman feka politics promises buissness tacktic 
Wat u r saying dp cm muaryaji r u a fool how can kisan is with u n ur party if kisan is with you n ur party than they kisan won't protests against you and your party
There are many parents who are abandoned by their children mostly mentally weak sons at the instance of their wives. They never enquire about their parents well being or never take care of them as long as parents are alive.
it is explained thoroughly.
Till this day, it is not clear which law's which article's which clause was against the farmers. It was indeed for the benefits of the farmers. The govt can't bow down in front of wrong agitators and they should act in the favor of national interest. What is the difference between us and Pakistan. Pakistan govt bow downed before a extremist group and we infront of farmers?
Congrats "Surrender" MODI....u have made India a "Bheed Tantr" now....Shame on u...u broke hope of real farmers...Mandi mafia Won..
Thank u I was very confused at whats bill when and where did the bill system started and I saw this its very useful Mam I like it and thats how I learn it on grade 3 B too and my schools name is Pathshala Nepal foundation! Like it 
Thanks to Adani Ambani for repealing the bills!
Sikh pilgrims should demand a separate country so that they can live their lives as they wish.  So that they may be cleansed from the injustices of the Indians.....
Shame on the central government...farmers ka sunnane ke liye itna time waste kiya
Please don't call these people as farmers because they are hooligans from Congress party.
Amarendira Singh is going join BJP and now BJP is going to come to Power in punjab, that is the reason why.
15 lakh people.....kuch hzar were provoked to go to red fort...cabin me baith kar andaaze nhi lgaye jate..
Fake media will get their rewards soon..
Farmers win fuckmodi
CONGRESS TO PAPU KO BACHANEY KO BHAGI thi KERELA....AGLI BAAR WAHA SE BHI PAPU FAIL HOGA.
Let those martyred  be remembered as modern day freedom fighters . God rest their souls.
Your All the points are accepted by the government of India the protest is going on 
Its ver good that Mr Tikait is so vocal about the wrongdoings prevailing in the nation currently. He is saying everything so right and rightminded people will absolutely appreciate it.
Here after just to see how mam started  her journey and has completed 1m subscriber today. 
   5:49 "farmers corrected us by telling that adhati is not an exploitative entity"  really!!  I mean really!!    May be she was told so by "protesting farmers" (or should i say " protesting adhati" which are going loose their monopoly by these farm laws, or they will have to compete (put efforts) to stay in market, because market is all about efficiency.)
Boycott this channel...
Why this Chanel giving him Publicity,   they are Anti National please avoid these people, it is not News report News  those true Farmers who are carrying on work and support Government. 
Farmers of India = 1
Modi knows what a general strike could do to him. India already has millions of farming communities who had to migrate into the cities.
Police department should be given independent powers... I mean they should be liberated from the ruling party grip. Now police seem to be the gondas of the ruling party
Sir AGM general Mai pwd category ka kitna competition rahega please reply for motivation me
.but it's out of my understanding why Congress now saying modi govt corrupt.
Rakesh Tikait .... The Legend
Thanks a lot sir 
Finally..... These kind of incidents are new to farmers but not bJP led india govt. As they came into existence in political by riots.
Bandh for how many hours?
 plz world history   
Don't know how to handle crowd protests and holding rank of sdm   Indian police.
Modi never had the guts to respond to Chinas incursions, so has to prove his a man by torturing his own countrymen.
Blocking highways causing trouble to millions of commuters and people around that area for months this is no less than an act of terrorism these so called farmers are supported by Pak, China,  Kalistan, Communist  Congress  App  Govt should invoke NSA on all the farmer leaders.
Anyone who has read the bill knows it has no 'Anti-Farmer' element.
They are fucking lair 
TV: NDTV only!
A chup re
In the comments section majority is supporting the bill. Why does media and opposition show other way ?
sir please gic aur pgt exam hone wala h world geography aur thinkers k bare me video bana dijiye taki help ho jaye
It's been 9 months, farmers are still protesting. Please pray for farmers
# WeStandWithFarmersProtest
NDTv=Nasty Democratic  TV
Politics Govt is not doing its duty.its total anarchy. Establish Rule in India.
There are some advantages and disadvantage of democracy this is the disadvantage
But if they sell in any other APMC,(since the restriction to sell the products only in APMC's near their area has been lifted)won't there be any agents? 
Aklesh will won by 300+
Farmer zindabad pls  I request all farmer pls don't trust this man he his  a big lier Now he know BJP will b no more in country
Ye sab channels wale is Dekh k liye thik waise hi h Jaise cancer HOTA h
These farmers voted for bjp once now they are reaping the benefits.Hope they get the justice they deserve
Every sec video in youtube confused me...when i tried to know all about farmers protest....But Luckily...I got to watch this..No wrds...All i Wanted to know,  is here in this channel #SimpleNClear ...
Apologies for the editing mistake. 
very very pantastic trick
They get free water, free electricity,
Shame on these opposition/non democratic parties. Hell with them. We r proud of BJP.
Why are you  fighting for your rights. You have to take it. Because you are the real rules of the country and world.Theese national parties won't  understand your feelings. Start a new national party to represent all the farmers of the country. We will support you. You are the most  eligible people to create green  India.
Sir please make a course for psir optional
Grey person dirty job
I dont diagree with your views. However why not talk about solutions. Something that makes farmers more independent. Why not upskill them give them more authentic knowledge. Why not make a processing plants for a couple of villages together via FPCs? Why not demand more infra support limits and credits for FPCs? Help farmers become self sustainable and skilled! Why not give the farmers to the power to decide the rates at which they will sell their produce, their products. Why not become independent of chemical farming and promote farmers for pro nature farming? Not sure why but most people don't want to address things at the root level. Why Not?
Shaim on you  BJP PARTY
kisaaa shi h unhe justice dena chahiye wo pagla ni h itni thand m ghro se bhar reh rhe h
This opposition doesn't bother anybody's death, thir goal is vote bank
besharm media
0:58 there was 90% of farmers in delhi 
The criminal gangs in power are not going to stop. This is just the beginning.
Rit
5th class fail daiket ko budget ke spelling bhi aate hain
Growth will be most important ...
Dear Sir:  Agreed that Punjab and Haryana farmers are doing well and they want the current STATUS QUO to continue.  But there are other farmers in the rest of INDIA who want to scale up and do something.  For example, KERALA FARMERS are all ready to scale up on JACK FRUIT POWDER and are making arrangements for cold storage system which will be made available through FPO (farmer producer organizations).   Like this there are many many examples.  If Punjab and Haryana are happy with STATUS QUO then so be it.
I think aamir khan wife should be sent to afganistan as she is not feeling safe in india
Victory to mere annadata, long live their union samyukta morcha.  Sunte hain ki 600 se jyada kissan shaheed hue. Jo ab chunao se pehle hua wah agar modi shah ji pehle kar dete to achha hota. 
Full support Strong support from Indian Muslims to our sikh brothers and farmers from all over India 
Show full video.. When a women asked about writing..then what he said
Student ... mem pehle shadi ke baad 10 .12 bacche paida krte the ab kyu nhi hote .
It is really a pity that the Farmers who have been providing food for the entire Nation are being made as BEGGARS  by this Modi govt and have been on the street with their families for the past 43 days. There's a limit to any thing. Modi and Amithsha must resign if they fail to fulfill the demands of Farmers
How MSP legalization will affect economy, also how other countries are not managing without MSP, i mean their case studies to support removing MSP system 
Thanks modi
My sister chitra thripathiji ji good news
Execution is not done properly by the government.
What is the area of ground in Sq ft as a person will take about 4 Sq.ft of space.
Sir this was a not just laws these were economic reforms. Why repeal...don't do it sir pls...pls save India by not repealing the farm laws....this not just for the current day Indian....it is also for our future generations....our children pls think of them.
Welcome to start...Ghazwa E Hind
U turn .. V turn .. X Y Z turn.. how does that matters.. This So called  Farmers agitation was all ISI and Khalistani hand.. BJP wants to win and most of us support BJP... Do you have any option.. Congress is bullshit.. Mamta is still bigger shit.. BTW BJP should rethink more towards farmers big or small.. Say Ambanis and Adanis want to store comodities.. and they make agreement with future prices.. they should also share profits over and above agreed price to farmers. hopefully this bill works out well for future of Farmers and investors.. Hate middle man though.. they must find some good and moral ways of earning ..
How they are translating? Man, they are godi media
Thank you
What about the pollution in Delhi...Its because of the farmers...Supreme court has asked them not to burn it but they still do...If a corporation owns the land government can fine the company,which is not possible with individual farmers
Your video is very lengthy. Please make the short video
Bs privat industry ki profit kregi ese too garib or garib ho jayega yr ye gorvent kuch bhi krti h yr
We want you in Goa , before election.
In most corrupted,polluted infected communal anti farmer country in the world,God Jesus died 4 ur sins n arose frm tomb on the 3rd day,trust Him u r sure in heaven.c Easter in google,,,,,,
Farmers are backbone of India .
Congres jindawad
Excellent show
Its time for talibans to get busted.
Sanjay singh new cm of uttar pradesh
Seems like the Police is barricading against dinosaurs in Jurassic Park or zombies from World War Z
Let us suppose all opposition parties and  going wrong then what since 9 months existing government doing..seriously you all seems to be fool or corrupt
Great Video..
If they could have shown their interest in development then our country would have been in the list of developed nations.
UP me hua to, Badi charcha ho raha hai aajakal ? Bengal Violence, post Election violence me to kuch awaz hi nikal nei raha tha in logon ka.. Selected groups, biased journalism as usual.
Politician ko Jail ho Jaye GI ..
Good move........ practical thinking 
Indian media always promotes hate and lies. .. Not people's wrights
Payment will be deposited by Congress and AAP office in bank account direct
Andolan jiwi searching new job
Also to be noted Sri Lanka's for experiment on all natural organic farming and it's disasters
we need to organise another freedom fight?
guaranteed price, including bonus or premium, to ensure best value to the farmer and
TMC                                                            
Bjp scared of by-election results they know farmers can make bjp to loose deposit so to avoid the shame this joker now announcing taking back of laws as if he heard the farmers voice now.Its highdrama think cabinet ministers are alloted booth level maintainence that itself speaks how much RSS and BJP scared of the results so this announcement it's victory for farmers nothing of change of heart from the sanghis. Becareful once after winning the  up election again bjp rss going to bring it again they know how to do drama very well so don't get fooled by his announcement. In war going back is also a strategy sanghi group adopting it don't be fooled defeating the BJP should be done
These farmers are rioters
Fertigation is a method of fertilizer application in which fertilizers are incorporated within the irrigation water by the drip system
We have no words for you
The CONGRESS-JIHADI-LEFTIST-NEXUS  has been INSTIGATING Farmers Under The Garb Of Sikhism & Guru Govind Singh To Participate In These Congress Leftist Sponsored Protests. 
Godi media will not show this
Farmers in bihar are worst hit.
I,m not seen your chanal
Hahaha this is what you get for listening to autopune "songs", since Islam bans music.
These Farmers are fake farmers , They all should just drop dead
 I want to go there, some day.
*They got afraid of Jatts and upcoming UP elections. That's it!*
This template will continue in coming ages irrespective of party in power. The surrender by GOI is shameful & disappointing for the future of this country.
It's not sufficient for the Apex court to be unsparing on the conveyance disturbance caused by the farmer's agitation.
Stop the GST too
Very informative video sir...
Haryana, lots of love from Punjab
Gandhi went to Champaran to help the farmers
CT Ravi is not capable to give statement as state minister dont know ABC of international politics and diplomacy ,let him to approch central govt to clear our policy on Afghan taliban.
I hate you gujrat police.
Ye government sirf sbku6 private hatho me dalna chahti j
That Epic punch Google na karo hindi me bol rha so 
Really happy for farmers 
These Police are Unfit. First they approved the Protest on 26th. Second they were unprepared. Third they didn't use force to suppress violence. He is talking so childish, that "they promised to be peaceful"
Don't show same video in your news
It all comes from the taxpayer's pocket.. 
Come and dare to fight our indian soldiers jai hind
Islam makes you a hypocrite. I can't feel sorry for these people. The atheist and Christian's over there only.
Self proclaimed farmer
Win from Germany
Uneducated Leaders cannot bring reforms for anyone else
We.are.electing.uneducated.crimanals
Regarding procurement I still sell my farm products at my door step. Trader picks up the product from my house only. Same is true of almost 60sqkm area around me. 
This is the time BJP to initiate two reforms immediately to gain public support... 1...relieve hindu temples from govt control to a national hindu organisation managed by eminent hindu leaders.
The intentions were  genuinly good for smallfarmers, asking forgiveness is humbling,
Desh ke gaddar Congress parivar he. 
Excellent. This is what should be done wherever political parties have not kept the promise
Respect to you sir  I got confused while reading it and to understand them however you made the explanation and video crystal clear....
Same things  happened with the  DEMONETIZATION too
Yes as aways BJP paid carryon madam no one intrested in ur fake support.
What about dispute between farmer and corporate. How it will help farmers.
Who give them power to block the national Highway.?
Having accepted that MSP is grossly incorrect and highly inflated, he wants to differ only to be politically correct. His reasoning of being 'will help when world prices fall's does not cut ice nor is it jntelligeable as not all those procured are for exporting.
How can the government ignore the voice of its people!
Just loving Ndtv ground reporting...
If farmers are opposing it then what's the problem of taking back the bill? They don't want this 'gift' please take it back.
Democracy is the best form of Government. 
How can a police personal ordered to his team to Crack the head of the farmers and due to which one farmer died it was notorious activity done by Haryana police with the support of CM haryana and back support of M/s Modi & Shah. It is shameful for our democratic country.
The main question is that why is Bihari farmer still the poorest in India even though they under new laws since 2006 and these are the same laws as passed by BJP last year?
Ma'am I'm unable to take subscription 
Hindustan me rhena he thow nara lagana Hoga   A  H    A.  KHENA. HE
PS : I'm speaking for what's right for India and not for a party.
Poor analysis with no solution offered.
its is not haiti or africa  for indian soldiers  to  make fortunes - taliban rule knows how to  govern and stop  violence
This Guy Need to Work on farm practically....Go and Work on farm for one year.. Then Do tetorial.
Guys don't listen to This YouTube channel 
Very sad to very wrongfully Conducted News  that doesn't represent truth. Shame Shame Shame 
Please watch this video on current farm protests and why it should bother or encourage farmers, https://youtu.be/kqGAZn9xy8U
These days democracy totally in hands of ambani and Adani
get your facts real bro.
We need MSP insurance not procurement.
Only a moron can link this decision to UP elections where even the die hard supporters of SP are confident of giving a tough fight to Yogi but are sure that Yogi wud win finally.
Haha now gandhis trying to earn the credit
It was clear accident. All cars are moving fast from there. Suddenly the mob came in front. & in return they killed driver & reporter.
Pakistan cannot colonize his brother afghanistan with USA AND RUSSIAs presence .
Farmers are right
I don' t know why Govt. Does not Give its ensurance to poor farmer regarding msp.
Government is not responsible for The farmers who lost their lives
Military civil clashes shown in India the death of Bipin is proof internal issues of civil military leadership
Government cannot sustain supporting 600 million people. Failed socialism of the 50s-90s has brought the farmers to this situation. Everyone agrees that we need change but what would the changes be is the question ? Modis answer is privatization.
Well. Can this be the speech of a Prime Minister, I wonder. His speech however truly exhibits his Chaewala origin. Modi's suo moto action & instantaneous declaration is completely a mismatch to the basic tenet of democracy both in terms of government' duty & peoples' rights which are the primary to any democracy. Consider for example, the three Farm Acts were introduced unilaterally & taken back following the same route. Modi's allegiance to democracy had always been next to zero. Though Modi initially claimed to be a Post Graduate, overnight the issue became a polemic one but after much controversy & confusion, the issue finally settled down to " Primary School Dropped out ". This duality of his character, duality of being a blocked illiterate & religious fanatics in one hand & Insatiable lofty yearning to become "I am the monarch of all I survey"- Dictator, forced him to commit insurmountable mistake one after another leading to erosion & decay in every physiognomy of our motherland-- social, cultural, political economic, Education,administrative-- all & spare none. Damage done by Modi will require decades to recover.
Hind Fascism.when donkey rules abuse ethic,principal of demoscrats people suffer.
Please view ur Constitution there no rights for common man
If you are the farmer will support you but if you are the khalistani then again Shikh riot which happened in Delhi in 1984 will can happen again, this is the high time that Sikh community should control their youth to not to challenge democracy
The Taliban has realized that the power of cell phone camera and social is far more powerful than them.
UN has already told our government to let the farmers do if it is peaceful protest.
NO ONE WILL TELL THIS BUT THAT'S TRUTH.
Godi govt tatte why you not tell about police fireing in red frot and killed 2 kissan ..video goes viral on social media
india was taking charity from the uk not long ago. the uk government was sending a large sum every year for the slums problem. the uk withdrew that as they have a space program and the uk does not. dont be fooled. india is crooked. if the uk withdrew it its not needed. obviously with a space program u cant have serious poverty problems. they keep folks poor with poor wealth distribution to seek aid from other countries. thats dishonest. boycott india now until they have no more slum problems.
      By the way i m in job but my back ground is Farmer family. I know farming and we do farming in Organic methods with traditional bull and cart system, We are not doing Politics becoz we are real Farmers.
Bjp is shit all fools who voted open you eyes
Republic has hidden 'Dislike' button. Now, just hide your hatred and communal polarisation. Sucha weird dude
State government needs Comission, that's why protest against bill
When you know extremists already among in kisan groups,
	-So, performance is 5%, 10% or 50%?
It's not about religion,it's about humanity,why some people are supporting Taliban and saying Afghanistan become independent. How come Afghanistan become independent when their citizens are suffocating in their own country with Taliban regime
A comprehensive picture of parts & sum of Rain fed agriculture showcased in a very interesting and thought provoking way
Don't bite the hands that feed you
This is Godi media not Aaj tak
very good question aap ke liye covid nahi hai
I don't get the rezon.. Why we Indians are not thinking about the thing that whatever is happening in our country.. Our govt ministers and everyone will decide let them talk.. Why the hell will the 3rd person will jump into our country's personal matter and will try to gain popularity.. Aren't we enough to make decisions? Will you accept 3rd person entering in your personal family matter?
At the expense of so many deaths, a moment of silence for those who have died and couldn't see this victory!.......
Evaree annu protect cheyande
The 3 Farm laws which are going to be repealed were for regulated crops such as wheat, rice, sugar cane and pulses (lentils, gram etc.) a total of 22 products. Milk, vegetables and meat products are already de-regulated. What is required is regulation of Milk and Dairy, but the farmers in India have very low financial literacy and thus fall prey to political propaganda of the socialists.
Wow....I don't know your name...but I tell you your understanding of the case and way you explain is awesome.
Kisans have sacrificed their lives for their rights 
Best of luck of all protesting fermers.
In any situation, the current government should be held responsible be it the 26th Jan incident( it was government failure) or the ongoing current protest. They have intelligence, Police, and whatnot. 
Where are you paid chatukar?? When bjp ministers son  killed the farmers by hitting car..??
i hate police nd bjp
free electricity , wrong entries of Khud Kasht- Actual Tiller status in 
Yahi ki tumhare agenda chal gaya..these laws are need of India Today we can not depend on this kind of agriculture practice anymore.
... LET ME TELL U THE FACT .... PUNJAB ELECTIONS in FEB/MARCH 2022 completely CLEAN-SWEEP all the traditional political parties and netas ,,,AND... will have new HONEST "AAP GOVT" with full majority over 100+ SEATS if not 117/117 .......
It has been lied so that no one can enter there
Modi ji ka Kon sa decision public interest Mai,note mandi, lockdown,GST
Let the scavengers here starve.
Justice for formers
Monkey want to  save himself  so put son under his feet to save himself.
Shoot out to .
Pakistan definitely does not have the resources to do it, even though they may have the intention.
School related news
This 19 th November, 2021 is the Greatest Defeat in the Political
No farmer from rest of the country is interested,,, seems sponserers are running short of money ..
Rakesh should be arrested for this.
V nice govt shld hv  done this long tym ago
Its comedy
Sir, I think there are 24 crops under msp
Coz of upcoming elections
Shame on the government.. politicians will always remain politicians. Can never become leaders! They are scared of even the farmers!!! So many barricades
is that a gift?? 
You don't stand for farmers today tomorrow you won't stand a chance against the rich cooperations whom the government are trying to replace the farmer with them.
Farmers are not jobless to sit and protest, the middlemen can not cheat the farmers if the Farm Laws are enacted so they stage these with the opposition. 
This presstitude has low IQ.
Jo logh bolte hai ke yehh congress supported hai andolan... I want to tell you that kal kisaano ne kal congress ke mp bittu  ko dhoh daala
3.) Planting Religious Flag and SHRUG OFF TRICOLOUR: Sedition and hurting Sentiments.
I understand that people want to know what is going on in Afghanistan right now, but some of the people watching videos like these may have contact with the terrorists and may update them about it.
Modi just misused the govt power.
Court kaa order dhima hota hei toh crime hota hei court order argent order hua toh aisa paristhiti hoga nahin
Can clearly see windscreen is broken before the hit.  How did that happen
1.Can you really justify about mandis by just showing one short 5 sec clip?? Would that represent whole of Indian mandis?? Really bro you're this low?? Lost respect for you
Sorry but your think about women even after being a women is wrong ..
It was very a satisfying lecture over this topic 
If we want to make india  greatest we must be real
thankyou so much for this video, you are helping a lot:)
Congress chor party hai iske bhadkave me mt aao
All sound and fury. Nothing more. The court should have directed the government to forcibly evict the squatting farmers.
biggest loser of the day...GODI MEDIA
Not seVERAL STATES JUST PUNJAB AND HARYANA
Great Imran khan God bless you
World well-being.
Democracy is another failed form of governance
Thanks for coverage NDTV
China should take back China. It's china's. it is the only way to peace.
I)  There should be no political interference and no political representation should be tolerated. It will work as an economic institution of govt.  of Bharat under PMO only. 
BJP WILL DESTROY THE COUNTRY AND DEMOCRACY , it should be stopped ASAP
Because in real the farmers bill are in support of farmers why should they oppose this..
Bjp shame on you
Jumale bag chor
When Government elected officials sucks up to the rich and powerful, this is what happens. A cancer in the democratic form of government that empowers the rich to sponsor anyone to run for any elected position in a democratic country. This is what happens when the government becomes of the people, by the people, but NOT for the people. Sad :(
Tikait looks like Gunda from his face its lfb
People of India know the truth,  opinion of this channel doesn't matter
Why should india bother afghanistan?
I can guarantee you they all are form Peaceful Cummunity
This bandh is a conspiracy, fake agitation by fake farmers supported by communists and congress.
new MODI GAME to win next election....
Media should not support accused and Have to stand with farmers....
JAI HIND JAI YOGIJI GUNDAGARDI THAGBANDHAN NAHI
Good protest 
When you have so much illiteracy you suffer.
Very well explained .
We all know Bill gates gives tons of money to Modi govt to impose this bill .
SHREE SIR YOGIJI IS NEXT PM OF BHARAT LIFETIME..... EK BHARAT SHRESTH BHARAT..... JAY MAA BHARTI..... SHREE GUJRAT HINDU MAHASABHA. ......
Really appreciated your work sir
Yes all other videos are misleading the news.
Thankyou so much sir for clearing our confusion 
Now its repeal ...
Thanks for raising voice for Farmers
Jai Kissan.... BJP Taliban party will not get Vote in next Election.
How difficult it is to do reforms in India
You cannot change the reality don't worry.
  TIME IS RUNNING OUT  !!!
Very useful and informative video
LNE.news for kids is teaching kids all about this tomorrow. https://youtu.be/2E79aS_yVig
Thank you so much  Sir  Best definition  on MSP respect to another video....best explaination
So basically if the minister's son had been  there..he wouldn't have survived too
How dare they challenge india
Only Mandi Mafia protesting, if it is bad to farmers? Why not all over the india farmers are not protesting?
Sikh people are going wrong now
Hypocracy at its finest...how this person gets away with these comments likely says everything about what he represents
Can't see difference between..ornob show n  Mr bean...
Just house alone is ; what about food  , how do you expect farmers to produce at the cost of 1964 ; cost have gone up in everything ; you need to raise the price of food  that farmers can leave comfortably and give education and good health .
Same as Shaheen Bagh
             hate speech      
Thanks
Tum bhi to DNA CHALATE HO KISKA APNE PAPA KA
1. With farm laws implemented what will happen to food security act?
No one Media shows the dead body of farmer who killed by police shot him lathicharge tear gas and too much injuries of other thing no one Media shows but media shows this type of farmers to you
Vote dete samay sochna tha
Bhatien rahein road par P.M did repealed law he is still not happy he is not  a good leader
2:55 modi it's sure everyone's crops will sells
Sir, you should have done this episode in Hindi and in local language so that the farmers should have correctly understand these new farm laws
They are not farmer's , they are congress paid workers
Next 50 years???you wait and watch, these bills will make come back with slight amendments before 2024....
10:15 Kangana has been hounded and trolled.. And she deserves it for her comments.. But that "comedian" Veer Dass came close to her gutter level comments with his blanket generalization and gross misrepresentation.  One may support any party or ideology, but his comments were appalling and devoid of basic decorum.
Are they farmers???
good news to india farmers
Raghav you ar talking bullsit...it has depleted App total gas
BJPs crime against Indian farmers.
kuch bhi ho jaye boss ki tareef karni hai, best example of gulami
For us farmers ,i would say dont create chaos in city let govt function.when govt remove msp then we will do protest.
Best explanation. Thank you sir
They plans and ALLAH plans ,and ALLAH   is the best of all planners
I dont believe modi would take a hit to his image just for 10 seats in punjab.
I fucked up my secularism policy
g) The net value of the apex body is the combined value of all farmers of the nation. 
2.) Trying to run over policemen with tractors: Attemp to murder
Farmers shown their strength.....
Aap, please danga fasad mat badhao... Everbody please see, jeep front glass panel is already damaged by stone pelting...and accident happened.... This is conspiracy against govenment to take benefit of coming voting
remember this bullshit happened in sri lanka 2 years ago.. they dont have any food in sri lanka today .. these plans are good to hear .. but dont work in real life !!
No of dislikes show you can't make us fool anymore
Totally agree
7).                 2003-04  2008-09  30000     warehouse/silo              ( by all States)   ,     2009-10                   
This will boomerang
They are not formers.. They are Kalaistan group... Just kill. Them all
Return of the BJP in UP, will be of paramount importance - in the run up to the consecration of the RAM TEMPLE IN AYODHYA. That event will be the launching pad for the THIRD MODI ADMINISTRATION.
No questions this is corporation friendly channel..just want to come and check..proved again..he does not know anything.he is just want to fallow western liberalization ..which already failed everywhere
BJP none of d scheme is successful. So not to get trapped in wht Modi is talkg. Now abt KR who d hell is ths 12th fail drugist, her interest is only sex n slf Ego. She don't hv d caliber to talk on arkshan n our Anna Data. It's high time Case shud b filed on her frm Kisan Association, Aarakshan association, multiple Indians shud file case against her n put her behind bar for destroying nation image.
Shame on you people who sell you mother 
*First level transaction (between farmer & Trader) is out of the purview of the GST system.*
He was scared of telangana cheif minister because he is about to hit the Delhi with people of Telangana
@ Britain struggling with Corona
Also Congress does throws papers n files in the parliament an says we r protesting this bill 
ham apne Sikh brothers
Reet 50,000 posts
I am from India and I know that those people are fake farmers, they are only rioters
Why does the Indian government call these peaceful demonstrators thugs, they just express their demands.
Now all Farmers will become Crorepati 
(2)         CBI, ED, IT, NIA    SC, EC, CAG         ,                !
You have taken more than 600 lives of farmers and then you felt to take this law back.... Grow up man.... Indian people's are now growing up and we will throw you out of the country soon
farmers from each  & every state of this country should join the protests and give solidarity for preserving their rights  ...jai Kisan 
What the hell !! Why is he interfering? There are other global issues he should be thinking and interfering which effects globally....Stay out of Indian matters, we have a CAPABLE PM
All opposition  parties Political leaders are  now  Blaming Present political party's work .Exactly the same thing would have happened if some other party was in power.  This is dirty Politics . I  wish this dirty blaming political system in our India should end  and  all the work should be done for the Development and  Growth of our   India and its  innocent Public.
Shame on zee tv for dividing india. Why not do some research what will happen if buisnesses people will own farmers. No more healthy vegetables. It going gi be genetically modified seeds.. middle class people will forget health oranges, carrots, potatoes,. Zero research by Zee news.
Dear Ajit Anjum ji You are admired all over the world by Punjabis. You have well wishers around the globe. We will never forget your contribution in this protest. Punjab will reciprocate  you with all the love and Respect.  Many thanks!
No one believes that the existing APMC system is good. But the opposition to these new laws isn't just coming from those who believe in 'socialist' solutions. There is also the example of the successful milk cooperative movement in Gujarat's Amul and its offshoot, Mother Dairy. What stopped the Modi Government from introducing new laws that would facilitate, fund and legally protect such cooperatives in farming? That's a question even the greatest votary of capitalist farming cant answer
Save farmers please show latest news of farmers   #SikhGenocide  is happening   bjp goons are killing farmers save farmers save future
STILL MODI WILL WIN IN UP ELECTION
One furture thing missed in this video... There is link bw pvt players  and inflation and soon pvt will become like mandis...in all ways loss is for farmers...
And we are planning to compete with US and China. Shame on all who criticize the Govt
Acha to phle Roop rekha thik thi to baat mani thi kya
He reportar char bjp ke mare gay h ku nahe batata chotty
One election loose many results
@Germany made deal with Russia
Shameless Modi and his goons!
Don't speak if u don't have knowledge.
Its decision is election oriented
BUT THE WAR IS NOT END TALIBAN WILL GO BACK THERE 2nd HOME
Very much thank u sir. 
Faltoo anchor rubika... Chor no. 1 rubika.... Shame on indian media....most corrupt media ... Thats indian media... Roo-beekh mangegi ek din... When farmers will not let u eat the food they produce
Justice for formers..Justice for humanity....protest is formers right..
Democracy was dead, now it has taken a rebirth and has died again...
Absolutely.  Correct.      Election.   Factor
Yeh bill unconstitutional nhi thy, he is just manipulating people.
Appeals are being made to Sikh pride and Guru Govind Singh to get farmers to participate in the protests. 
So sad Punjabis made sure India don't go forward. Maybe i am wrong but this law was not fully wrong sad to see 0 progress and full backwardness
Bill is good for farmers.
 with fortuner won 
Stop giving diesel to these tractors
7. October revolution 1917.
But farmers, environment should be cared about listen to ms vandana shiva and others like her dams may harm rivers listen to medha patkar and others
I sometimes left wondering what the mahatma Gandhi family are felt what they have done to the people of India
If the bjp leaders have no courage to reach out to the people of Punjab, Haryana and West UP to defend the farm laws, how good are these laws for the farmers...
The truth is something else 
Thank You Sir!
All may get infected
Farmers who died during all will compensate 5 lakh+1 gov job,,, what about those police man?
"FARMERS" lol do you seriously believe people are fools ?
No farmer= No food. I support Farmer
Not everyone who says to me, Lord, Lord, will enter the kingdom of heaven, but only the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven.  (Matthew 7: 21) 
Just came here not to watch but just to write  godi media
 Gov: "Who want's change??"
This channel shud be banned
BBC you are asking this question?????So fresh and naive are you, so absolutely charmimg
Pagal chmcha officer
Same feeling about sikh
Bjp has fears to farmers.... Bjp is crony capitalist party not for farmers, poor, middle class's
Your kingdom come; your will be done, on earth as in heaven,
Does not look like stones were pelted at car as the people walking were totally oblivious of any violence or stone pelting at that point. They were hit from behind. If stones were being pelted or car had lost control there would have been commotion and people would be looking at the car or running away from it. It is absolutely clear that Car rammed into people to kill maximum.
If you dont know, we just won the protest & now they are repealing the black laws this winter!!
In India law and order is on side of the majority. It is infested with bribery, fake encounters, political affiliation with ruling parties, discriminate against minorities, with low trust with the public. Minorities, Sikhs at this point, have a low trust value in police providing them any justice. There have been multiple cases, where Indian police has attacked Tortured & Sikhs. Recently in 2020, a video shows in MP how brutally the Indian police is beating the Sikh who is a granthi, on account of not having a license. Police officer only got a temporary suspension. 
Halal and Missionary funds. Hindus have no Fund to Fight, All temple 
For intellectuals & policymakers refinement and promotion..
Sp+Rld winning
Modi has sold out to the globalists, 6+ months of protest and still no change in bills.......only one explanation is Modi took a lot of 
Than all INDIANS.
Jhootha channel
Very very effectives teachings Ma'am 
Shame on govt.  .......who still not listening to these poor farmers
Why cant this man just speak the truth instead he always highlights the problem of others so that he can easily hide his own mistakes. We all need to be ashamed of ourselves to elect someone like him who just keeps on speaking lies n fooling us by all his bullshit
It is the job of the Delhi police and gov to verify credibility of protestors and there profession as if which a wrong intention innocent Delhites peace wellness and cannot be at risk
This government dont know how to respect them
- create ruckus by killin people 
Unsubscribe you after watching this
They are going to other places to create havoc 
No words for you sir only salute you
-> Anti India Forces like Pakistan and China don't like to see India become #1, So they are trying to stop all Development
Nice information sir I am farmar and need to know farmars problem
Money sent by khalistanis stopped and so have protests.
Prime minister Narendra Modi should be so shamed that he can't even face his citizens farmers who elected him .. so shameless bjp government....
This laws very confusing. Joy Hind.
National securty 
That demand is absolutely fair 
Democracy does not work
God man, this section is full of 5 rs Paytm batch
 MSP   CACP    CCEA     
Any observation ,not binding.
Sikh puttar create Khalishtan there, your known parents are there in Canada.
Bbc is bbc cock
BJP is anti-farmers, anti-national govt. 
From this i am getting a feeling that farmers r not the one who actually are protesting but it is the buyers of these farmers are making them to protest stating that the farm laws will lead them to bad conditions? May b!!
Illetracy at its best
Goons are rulling our country right now.
It's better to be called a terrorist than a backbone less human being 
Hahahhaha Superpower loss against Taliban New History Why America Drop Americans Weapon in Afghanistan Fuck  Get Some Experience From Russia 
Farmers need different types of infrastructure to preserve and find good market for there crop's private sector can built these infrastructure separately and collectively for there different purposes and they can also rent the govt infrastructure.
In kashmir they use Ak47 against locals
Protest Update : The farmers protest became successful, government repealed the agriculture law and farmers now returned to home.
They are territories
Indian farmers are biggest tax chor
Option B
India has a enlightened leader.
People wearing these masks can never be farmers. Why the Indian government is not taking appropriate action against them.
requesting is please be aware of this and throw away Khangress and be 
These are just terrorist nothing else.... 
BJP WALO SEH JAYDAA DHUK YEH PROFIESNOL SUPARE LENE WALE ANKARO KO...HAR SEH BOKHLAYE HUWE HE
After 2019 Election result :
Today, Farmers are leaving from this place after a year protest.
Not only AIMIM have Taliban ideology but almost all pissful think in the same way except nasurdin shah
Sir..pls bring more videos in mains answer writing course on aap
BJP is motivated by the election, by-election etc;not by the protest of the farmers and the entire country.
Godi media channels are not showing it
Wow, she's gorgeous.
Modi is very bad the formers fight their rights one and off year 
This is start of downfall of BJP. take my words..
Farmers has right to protest whats wrong with the police they do protest peacefully but the police dont listen the facts all they know how to bullied citizens then sikh community know how to deal with police the only way is 
So in conclusion this protest had nothing to do with farm bills but something that Punjab wants for past several years and that is their own rules and own country? Punjab either needs to learn to reform or India needs to find other channels. Govt should not be forced to pay for poor quality product just because of set minimum. If companies ran the show they wouldve had to do things correctly and thats what these farmers all fear (inability to cut corners).
Bottom line is Indian Politicians and Bureaucrats are all sellouts to The western Hegemony, Big Tech Big Pharma and the Globalists. 
Dnt believe news paper, check it directly is goods, Christian machinery, foreigners try to down our country, against modi, congress doesn't matter, but give important mother country
The devil woman imposed cruel emergency for 22 months after a meaningful debate on parliament!!
True God died 4 all our sins n arose on 3 rd day billions believe him n sure in heaven,yet some reject
We stand with Indian farmers in this time of despair.
*Farmers >>>LOST*
Finding any muslim comment are soory unka comment to NDTV dallantop aur quint me milta hai
Now we have completely understood why this BJP wants to bring sedition law
Here's another view for pro-Bharat audience:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oib04c4R6-U
o thank u chacha
Bisbo ahead of its time
Amazing, wonderful, beautiful 
Isn't Delhi like a cluster fuck of Covid cases? Where the hell is the government? Aren't they supposed to negotiate this immediately?!
U Ignore d...them for 70 years.
he came to know that his worst party will loose election so he withdrawn farm law
Modi does something - problem for opposition.
What should we say .... Birds of same feather flock together ?? 
then im a farmer too...
Dry fruits....not a matter.
COVID is helping here ~
India spends money on expansionism, but not on farmers. 
About featured snippets
YOU ARE LOOKING SO CUTE ARNAB JI
Quality needs not quantity
informative sir g
So called farmers attacks police everyone in comments laughing " Police trying to stop protesters everyone in comments " This is reality " "No one listen to farmers "
finally. the farmers brought down the mighty tree that is the bjp rss combined including godhi media
Good news all people happy happy
The ruling party from the world biggest "democracy" used heavy vehicles to knock down and rollover countless farmers, and not single a word was utter "free" western society. 
Right sir Sikhs are not Khalistani
How much food grains is wasted after procurement?
There is an apparent fallacy in what Mr. Gupta is saying. Why is FCI buying grains at MSP only in (or mainly in) Punjab and Haryana. Since, MP is also producing as much or more wheat as Punjab why can't FCI turn its head towards MP for buying wheat at MSP? Same with Bihar where APMC has been abolished long back - Mr. Gupta argues that Bihar farmer has no incentive for growing wheat since poor in bihar are getting wheat at Rs. 2 per Kg, which fci is procuring from states like Punjab and Haryana at Rs. 18 per kg (i.e., at MSP); why can't FCI buy in Bihar itself at MSP. I don't really understand why FCI should buy from P&H alone. Am I missing something?
I support farmers...
great job team lallantop !! god bless
Reality is Farmers Know their Betterment more than any Politician.Because they Work in field not in Air conditioning Room.
Than they laugh at you 
Very poor analysis of the issue. We have all seen farmers protests in the past. They are not equipped to plan through and carry out an year old protest. In short Middle men, who could pump in money for protest won. Period
Police has not strengthened the existing barricade but they have done permanent barricading which is wrong,they don't care about local residents' problems in commuting.Yes we did ask that how security lapse occurred at Lal Kila but police has no  answer to that.
THE SAME PROBLEM IS THERE HERE IN TELANGANA.
Who here wants their children to be a farmer? If you don't why not support reforms? Just because you don't like Modi? Lol, typical pre industrial third world peasant mentality.
Why Congress never did anything good for Muslim brothers and Sisters. Congress just divided and caused riots and hatred between Hindus and Muslims. I am glad that today thoudands of Muslims are supporting BJP because they know Congress just use them.
Khalistan future of sikhs
This Bandh is  successful in Hyderabad..just because of heavy rains 
Majority of Indian Farmers are HAPPY with the Farm bills.
Farmer should be given freedom to protest smoothly...
No discussion and consultation was made for the passing of farm laws, there's also no discussion and consultation for the repeal of farm law. Is parliament becoming the toilet of BJP?
Mr Banerjee laid the farmers concerns very clearly. And those are exactly the questions farmers have been asking for months now. Grrrrrrr....Great job Rahul! That's exactly how you should conduct a discussion   Wish we had such a systematic approach from the opposing politicians. Good job India today and Rahul.  The FAKES and bots should learn there are still sane and patriotic people left in this country. After long time I now feel a lot relaxed. I felt as though there was something really wrong with my head and I had become an unjustifiable BJP hater.  Pathetic govt I would say.
Please save Canada from terrorism...see what they are doing in India...they lynched someone and hanged him in taliban style....
Please Help the Students of Assam to cancel the board exams...We all the Protesting on Twitter (we crossed 1.5M tweets)....But We need your support.......as EM is ignoring us..
What can anyone do..? Nothing..
At least they should  be 12th passed so that they'll be educated enough to maintain the decorum and have a common sense of being a human before the panel.
People 
APMC MAFIA behind this.
IT is a Himalayan Blunder of the Bip Government to withdrawal of Kisan kanoon  After the long term
Love you sandeep Choudhary
Excellent explanation. I see D-MART is in Phase III now.
 their stand Stronger. party or anyone for that matter who take stand 
Good no take and give with Taliban 
Thanks brother
Shame on them....
Farmers won the match after more than one year protesting across whole India.
Most corrupted party ~ BJP
Rakesh Tikait chor hai
Farmers should kill each and every one on the cars.
Thank you for this valuable information. This is happening all around the world. It is about disapropriation of farmers and humanity at large. And privatisation through coporate business which have no understanding of life or respect of nature or humanity. In Germany government is making so many stipulations that farmers are close to insolvency as they cannot do all the investments the government is asking for. Once farming is stopped in Germany - of course food needs to be imported. This way they can make the world dependent by "owning the food chain" they can "control" humanity. Vandana Shiva has brought this scheme to light and she is a woman of wisdom and foresight as well as fortitude. Thank you and God bless you. May the true people of earth rise in love and truth and may we live in harmony with the sacred planet.
Kbhi kbhi to lgta h modi ka main purpose ambani jeshe businessman ko amir krna h world ka no 1 rich person bnane ke liye chahe phir kisano ka khoon pina ho ya unke death body pr se jana ho...
background mey music na lagaye Please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please
Chose your vote wisely. Pls this should not happen again. The driver's head must be crushed with tractor.
     *Revoke The Anti-Farmer* 
Coming up : Barricade cess on gst.
Nath
Ragad do suwero ko....lathi charge se hatao
Jammu and Kashmir DDCs election par bhi please essay likhiye
Stop calling this idiots farmers they are professional goons..
If you are not in power you will not be able to execute anything right or wrong.
Thank u so much...
'Unite and Fight'
#FarmersWon 
The protest started as a protest by middlemen and their supporters in politics.
Very disappointed with reporting by Lallantop. Please do proper fact check and then present the newz do not report on assumessation.
With due respect @Mr. Prashant dhawan
#nofarmernofood
As if we Traded  billions and Make profits  out of anything  .. this all news are just to engage india and Afganistan  that's it .. india should look for bigger treats  waiting for us 24/7 in our door step
Shame on Indian government to make conditions of farmers so bad that they have to protest in this time of Covid threat. 
sorry not protesting farmer correct is protesting sikhs
Jack of all trades master of none has proved that borrowed knowledge and information is dangerous for the democracy.
Thanku so much mam ..... Really it need me.... This helps me a lot... ... Very very easy to understand 
Wow! Opposition leaders are getting arrested yet the bilthering idiot who ran over innocent farmers are free!
Punjab is on the way to Kashmir
Truth is monsanto wants to infiltrate indian agriculture with their poison GMO crops. Mainstream media allways make it look different than reality, Childen have gone sick from GMO corn and it was became a huge foundation to why they wanted to ban all GMO foods in india.
Happy new year.
Great farmers and live in five star hotel because you are farmer. Great farmer ..
modi or rahul gandhi . any right minded knows who to choose
Fight for freedom from corrupts and opportunist.
Matlab ideas are good but implementation is bad. Then what's the use of those ideas?!
Is SC sleeping or what. SC had allowed farmers protest. How can they arrest
Must watch for unbiased view.
They are just going to jump in and fly are they??  I see that crashing or sold for dope in the future.
Indian polity by m Laxmikant....per videos banao
Shame these ugly tikait defaming ur own motherland..
Good to Select Captain's party instead of AKALI Dal who were after power .As captain has  national interest than other congressmen.
Shame on the government for creating this situation. Just repeal the laws. Create a system for the people not corporations.
Signatures are needed for this genuine Petition file by Harji pal Singh in United Nation for the violation of human rights of farmers. This is the biggest help and support for the farmers.
My salute to farmers let's election come we teach lesson to BJP
This is incredible #farmersprotest Chardi Kala. Kisan Ekta!
Rahul leads rudderless teams.
Must have dealt khalistanis like Indra gandhi! And only Punjabis are only farmers in india?
Plz show news about greater tipraland demand protest
NDTV is fake news
Best explanation great 
EAST INDIA Co. entered India in 1600s, Their strength - Money, they purchased /defeated the Kings/rulers of the Era, defeated India by dividing Indians. Robbed India thru Indians for almost 350 years.
First many people don't know the benefit of this bill. It should have been explained in simplified way. 
(Sleeping supreme court , blind law,)
Bihar m election ho gye ralli hui tb corana kha chla gya tha
Cycle  coming  jai Akhilesh 
Itnehi Congress bnacha hai jo Delhi gae.
If Govt is having so charitable and benevolent intentions for public, then it should buy directly from farmers and sell them to consumers and Govt should be the sole middleman in the process...
Bhand Media afganistan bangladesh pe chilla rahi thi ab tripura pe chup q he 
Thank u sir ,u explained it very well!!
Anjana, yes you are Modu's Mistress. How much, you are "getting" from Modu & BJP?
ISKO CHAHIE  TICKT
*Article 19(1)*- All citizens shall have the right -
That is our badluck, that the agriculture bill bill, is revoked
Police had wrong people inside them.
Finally I understood it
Aur sachhayi yeh hai ki election stroke hai
Idiots who were calling Farmers uneducated, see that man speaking English well.
This move will take India backwards, unfortunately.
Cops are anti freedom
Best video of all time
Punjab ruling congress govt funding these protests using pakistan and china money
I respect our ISI Agent Tarik Fateh.! Doing excellent job. 
Tomotoes are 50 Rs per kg gone are days wer we use to pay 10rs
Try to create anarchy india 
All India Farmer's & labor unity zindabad
Does it question the government why they are not sitting and make every effort to convince the farmers about their concerns- no
Modi pls hear voice of farmers
Music of Punjabi is awesome 
During this time farmers stood on their feet and earned some money .. and lived with respect. The bill is about to get rid of middlemen traders with political powers .. This is why the opposition is angry because they can no longer make money. We can no longer allow our farmers to commit suicide.and stop bla in ck money 
Can't thank you enough Dhruv for the work that you are doing.Hats off!
why not govt make alternatives of these roads through tunnels
Nothing but respect and loads of blessings..
government should bring msp law as soon as possible
Please provide reference on the mentioned "unlimited storage" clause. From what I gathered the bill still applies stock limits, but instead now has defined criteria to do so instead of bureaucratic determination and application. Bill also mentions the reasoning for doing so - provide defined rules for private players to boost their confidence and encourage their investment in building storage capacities.
1. A rural uneducated farmer can't bargain their  crop's price with big industrialists.
The condition in Bengal is even worse.! They should march back 
Khary khary Gatt blaia
14. Hitler used to love dressing up and look good
Election stunt
The reactionary bourgeoisie or the kulaks have won this round 
Msp is w/0 statutory backing
I really like his statement that all strong leaders should win so that if government does anything wrong, the opposition can question it. He wants change in government but not weak opposition.
Shame on center government
sir please ek video punjab ke higher education par bhi bana do.
AJ Nice propoganda machinery 
The condition of Indian media is like dogs swooping down for a bread.
These r not farmers...
What do u mean by withdrawing support from bill? Withdraw support to government.
RBI Chief gujrati
She did not explain the other side of act.
They have every right to protest for there livelihoods
Oh there fore china ban bbc 
*In the new system, the traders of farm produce have to register them with their PAN with the Central Authority.*
Khan sir jee, kya 11th ke optional me math rakh lenge to ham jee exam de sakte hai.?... Please reply(in Bihar)
Great Sir. Though I am not preparing for IAS but still I listen to your videos
rakesh tekawat was a farmer ??? 
Report Zee news
Tv channels should seek pappu comments on the agitation
We know how to take justice 
ISS MAMLE ME YE PATRKAAR JAIL B JAA CHUKE HAI
Modi air Modi Bhagat aur Godi Media toh abhee bhee kehtay hein kay jo Delhi borders per betthhay hein vo KISAN NAHIN hai .... ghor andhair issee ko kehtay hein!!!
At this point,modi is making india to modia
through bombs, Drugs and other things, fourth Illegal Migrants who work 
Totally falsified news
3. no help from Judiciary.
u r doing a great job vai......ur videos are very simple bt very effective.As a defence aspirant i appreciate ur work.....god bless u and wish u all the very best....
want to answer you in simple way.. Just tell me truthfully if you ever watch any news of our Pm have you ever listen some hatred,  or disregarding or speaking aganist him.... I really think over years media are blindly supporting BJP and also I have seen it is really aganist other party..... Sometimes I think media had been sold out..
Welcome to socialism!! Govt should do everything. Devender Sharma doesn't understand that govt has no money of it's own. Whatever it has is either borrowed or collected in taxes: Margaret Thatcher.
Support and respect farmers 
Feeling bad for Adani right now.
Bewakuf log sochte hain ye sirf sach  bolta hai
                          Read more ,,
Thanku so much for such an informative video and explaining exactly what is going on.
Taliban is group of "Afghanistan people "
Sir, it is really an excellent video series of modern history of India on your bookstawa YouTube channel, I really appreciate you. Outstanding explaination & presentation.
Just my suggestion: center should let states choose if they want to implement these or not. If these are such great laws, states which are initially hesitant will start implementing by seeing success stories.
FARMERS ARE NOT INTERESTED IN ANY SUBSIDIES.
These are all false blames on TALIBAN.The reality is they completely banned all types of DRUG Production in their tenure during 1996-2001
What is reforms? Inequality will always be there. Educated will always suppressed the illiterate. Some are producing fertilisers n some are foods. Education is must but how many of villagers realises it.
After seeing this video, one thing I realised is nothing is impossible in India. If there are people like this we can transform this country.
Avi tho start hua h
about Military forces , responsible for many Terrorist attacks, Killed 
Hope brotherhood will restore and Khalistan activities will be less.
We are ready
70 years only current gov tried some reform in agriculture sector, it's big setback to sector
Madam Ji sirf itni si bat hai.....jo be essential commodities hain wo govt ke under hone chaheye because govt price rise kar skain aur huge revenue generate kar sakain.....kion ki essential commodities ko to purchase karna hi hai...eg. sarson ka oil 5 litre ka price hai Rs. 980/-
Wow ...what a one sided explanation .....
Cunning government...... N cunning minds behind upcoming elections
Nobody is shaking ...its just a time pass.....they party take drugs...and speak for India sitting on a couch in US/ Canada...hahahhaaaaa
COVID must be rampant all those people so close and no masks
Only  politic
It is BJP WHICH IS BREEDING COVID & ANDOLANJIVIS .THESE STUDENTS HAVE COME TO DISCLOSE IT.
Stupid PM Google report is correct,,,,BJP. Bharat Janwar  Party,,,all of animal,   Stupid Modi killer of Muslims and Sikhs, ban in USA and Europe,,shameles hindu country,,india most dangerous country for Muslims and Sikhs,, sir jinha proud of every Pakistani,,thanks sir jinha
RAKESH  TIKAT  JINDABADD
The only Way to fight and defeat the injustice is Gandhian way of ahinsa. The farmers agitation has proved it.
The name says it all "dalal"
Lallontop don't have news 
Yes you are right but no one know the reality what happened in the ..
Shame shame sujata pandey, I don't know whether u eat food or something else to ur stomach
1) Bro its a myth that farmers can't sell directly to a company, actually they can (I have practically seen this).
Looking forward to watch more and more.
The brain behind this venture is NIA CHIEF -  AJIT DOVAL. HATS - OF TO HIM.
Be ware The evil regime, who can ensure Taliban will not :
We must he honest with ourselves,  our PM smells like a dogs butt. We must clean this butt and clean our India
middle man buys from farmers and who buys from middle man.....big corporates and middle man makes big profit from corporates...
Ghar pe araam se bethoge to bhavishya accha nhi. 
I'm not a govt job aspirant but your videos are a very good alternative to mainstream media.
Ye breaking news h 
Disappointed by this backing down from an important reform. Shame on govt.
[17/01, 4:14 PM] Domestic:    
Now days Judiciary become a joke
I am not farmer but I will always support framerjay Jawan jay kisan...
And BBC become the official spoken person.
Good concept.I would be happy you publish a video on AP politics about scs .Thank you
Yeh danga karnw wale kishan nhi ho sakte or bbc 2 kishan samet 5 ki mouth kya matlab koun the wo banki ke 3 log yeh bhi to batao. Wo 3 wo log the jinhe nakli kishano ne maar diya. Bas next elections mai yogi ji ki chavi kharab karna chahte hai
To Punjabi, Haryana, and western UP JAT farmers - please leave the rest of the countrys farmers alone for the sake of selling your black rice, which no one can eat in the world, and your self cant eat but only sell to the Indian government. If you want money, this is not the way to do it. Still, if you dont like these farm laws, please feel about banning them in your own states, since agriculture is also a state subject.
NO SURRENDER.
Some misguided comments here as well. Watch it https://youtu.be/YFGXc2yctTU
Corporates again happy as they can bribe them
This was 2018 , have you any Update of positive Change or progress?
Afghanistan became another VIETNAM.. Too much reliance on the US, once they are feed up they will leave you to the mercy of your enemies.
CAA  NRC   
Godi media is more dangerous than omicron
Dear sir
#gimmick of election
All election gimmics..This crocodile tears for upcoming elections. Please vote wisely..
You will get more money next time from government
Now the same so called farmers will block the roads to take back caa and article 370
3 is correct
Lol why are they getting so happy modi made the farmer laws for farmer benefit and they are getting happy when farmers are backstabbing themself
Love you priya beautiful anchoring
Politicking
Modi thinks , if he has been given full majority he can do anything and nobody gonna question him. But he is forgetting , he is not immortal.  There have been thousands like him who came and gone from this universe. 
Do your aircrafts bombing testing on Taliban. This way you can test bombs and also save afghan people from Taliban.
Report nagetive hogi bhi andolan bro fir bethe rahu gaddaro
This concept of rationing is funny, first in absence of MSP as law, on the name of low quality, 70% of population is linked with agriculture, they exploited and forced to stay poor, then govt says we need to ration these people.
These rich farmers are doing unnecessary protests now and spreading carona. Courts have already suspended the law for some time and put experts committe to reform the bill. These rich leaders are just doing politics now.
God bless Indian parliament.., 
Awesome Explanation Sirji Thanks
Again PUNJAB is saving INDIA, so everybody should understand that it's always politics trying to divide us by saying us khlistani, We need to get modi and his GODI media know that we have given them sky and now well hit them back to Ground
Trump had the same problem when he tried to build his wall. Some people had real estate on both sides of the border.
BJP (Modi)government is the cancer of poor & middle class society, because they are the product of few business corporate friends & some goons... So we can expect more.....
Yogi Modi are standing with the murder accused.
Because it's making me very sad ( Literally I am crying on republic day)
Gujarat riots apology till day is not aired as CM but farm laws apology has come without asking. Farm bills will return with fury as soon as farmers go back and elections are over. This is cheating technique brute majority will not support repeal and blame game on majority and MODI want to withdraw dividends. Don't trust.
The bill was past in the parilment the farm laws have to repeal should be done in the parilment not merely announcing.
Nowadays farmers of Bihar are just a labour in many stated of India.
B J P Jay ho
    UP    
Don't trust on these politicians
and Agents ..Ant* Nationals /Funded Media will be very very happy
What's the point of rioting , damaging public/private property and attacking on police personnel.? If they are famers what's the point of doing this.
Agar polic rakesh tiket ki sehat ka hal le ne aaye the to it ni polic sath me kayu the..
There is NO BANDH in HARYANA, RAJASTHAN  jai MODI laga, MP, DELHI 
Kishan died natural dead Get there medical done if died of heart attact kidney failure dibeties etc it because there life style and Takiyat is responsible is responsible for giving them unhealthy food
Ye log farmers? Worst fellows
Such hypocrites these ppl are...never happy with anything seriously
Congratulation
Nothing will happen in the bjp state
They have won the fight partially 
this guys going to create problem again
I totally understood what Modi said, from today onwards i will totally not buy anything from rich Kisan ( one state ), and buy from poor Kisan's of every state of India.
NO COMPROMISE / NO NEGOTIATION   #BJPKilledDemocracy  #BJPHataoDeshBachao
These farmers risk getting infected by Covid to push back against greedy corporate shrills. Well done.
Inlog par train chardoo
SATYAGRAHI Saheed Kissans too.
Thanks a lot sir.
Right to peaceful protest Denied.
Very bad government in the world
Inhone pehle pathar mare police ko...woh bhi dikhao....Shi kiya police ne...good work....unnecssary giving importance to farmers.........importance should give to other occupations  equally
What a informative video
1000 assisted Pak army gets 1000Dollars/month other than salary
He will not like to commit political suicide.
Tikait  is not patriot. .He  makes only radicalization  Are Modi and.Yogi  ji outsiders  ?
This is the exact reason why these bunch of people are called "Khalistanis" and "Terr*rists"!
Chahte kya ho so called BHUDDHIJEEVI ?
No it will hit farmer leaders and congress and also who funded this protest..
Too no with.
Washing powder nirmala
I have asked my father, uncle and many neighbors why they are not selling in APMCs, all have said onething the process of APMC is very slow they have to waiting for long time, its not possible for them bcz they borrowed some money form a land lord, so his pressure on them will be ther and sometimes wether may not be supported, these small farmers doesn't have storage facility, and many things stops them.
Modis attitude towards farmers is horrible .........in the coming elections indian people will show you the door out..............
Some videos are related to Congress party they chanting Congress party Rahul Gandhi it means this video is not related to this spot and this murder   this channel is misleading completely
This news paper against India Funded  by foreignNG0
Police in support of bjp gundays
Shame on you Rahul Kanwal. Do you think this life is all about making money. Fear God's Wrath
31:26 can anyone give me the link of music theme used in this video please
Always win! Why should government fight for farmers when they wont fight for themselves? And In turn lose elections and then the whole country loses!
         And Godi media is still crying that BJP/RSS is a Desh-Bhagat.
6. Railway ticket mehngi hui pr koi facility na di.
ASSDUDIN ABBASI KA TOH YE HALAT HAI KI UNKA HAR WAQT RONA REHTA HAI AND UNKE OOPER YE SHARE BILKUL STEEK BAITHA HAI 
Todays Word - *Obsidional* - Of, like or pertaining to a siege
Salute to honest reporter Ravish Kumar
Before I thought privatization is gud. But now after watching it, need some terms and conditions of every bill. Well explained bhai .
In India Physically Handicapped pay Income Tax where as Rich / Super Rich Farmers do not.
Ok that comment at 3:28 is not correct there is no mention of withdrawal of government mandis in the bill. Please read the bill before making factual statements. Also note that the protests are primarily only in a single state. There are no other protests against the Bill all over India. There are farmers in every state of the country, the death rate mentioned by the report is largely from the other states not Punjab, which has a fraction of the total death rate. If the Bill was so bad this would be an all India movement instead of just one state. As such the bill is good but the politics is bad which is what has led to this situation.
Why is the Government not doing away with the new laws where farmers are against it ??
  WHEAT RICE  22 CROP  MSP LEGAL   ...         .....LEGAL            ....        
India should take control over Afghanistan and finish off Taliban with the help of Israel...who believes Taliban's commitment 
Absolutely correct Nighat ji.....
Accordingly, a private (chain store) company  can procure the formers produce at anywhere and transport to any place to store and can be sold to any body at their price. 
I told you Dehli i will you bow to me...basta
I'm student of (IAS batch) " DRISHTI IAS " at 
Very good and simple explanation.
Pm.modi is biggest fool pm I ever seen.  And remember modi pm Don mess with us this is punjab .baby
Why don't you guys directly support the rulling party,its fully biased video! Why don't you are making the video on GDP, unemployment, Secularism, hate speech!
Love you bade veer ji.........sir app bahut ache hai...
I enjoyed the drama of natwarlal
Very appreciable Diljit 
Great improvement over previous videos, looks well presented
Modi and Shaw are modern day Tyrants. BJP leaders chant Sri Ram Ji only to get votes, otherwise BJP leaders have no respect for Sri Ram Ji. If they had some respect, they would never taken cruel actions, and solve people's problem, instead they plan and spread riots based on religion, so that they can get Hindu votes
As far as I understood  the bill is for companies  & not for farmers
Tiket formula chlg
DALAL CHANNEL! HARAMKHOR DESH DROHI. MODI/ SHAH JAAYEGA! BOYCOTT AAJ TAK RELIANCE/ADANI
Yesterday when rahul Gandhi spoke about the compensation for farmer's immediately government sent the proposal for farmers agreeing to pay the compensation
These crooks are making mockery of Democracy.
Flags of Tricolor and Unions carry by farmers...
Bhojpuri heroes are full of comedy
Singapore has tabled FOREIGN INTERFERENCE ACT in its parliament. Same act is required in INDIA.
Apine he
Full support to nihung singhs well done babaji 
These are not farmers....real terrorists..... army should needed....
Gandhiji was one man army in many instances. Here priyanka is fighting for justice and against criminal activities. Jai Priyanka Jai Congress.
Modi : Breathes
  CDS                 
Worst Journalist of The Century.
Farmer power
Looking like Trained through Pubg battleground - Nesamani
Tthese are not farmers.
Today mark the day of my suffering , not when I falled in the hands of those foolished scammers out their, today I'm showing you guys the best site you all can deal with, is .
idiots of punjab
He is the same goon.
slintly protect karne walo par  ise karoge aap. media acchi hoti tu yeh nai hota.
we are with the farmers who are feeding more than 100 crores citizens and exporting food grains to many countries.
Liked the way you presented.. frankly I was against THE PRINT but you changed my perception. Good journalism.
Thank you for showing something that Indian main stream media is afraid of showing!
Shameless media
Abhisheik should not use such foul language!!This is not acceptable!!This is true that Modi has taken this decision keeping politics in mind and he will pay for it!!
Welcome corona third wave
Report put more emphasis on journalists, instead of farmers, reports are trained to do so,  shame on media, they dont say anything about police, army, all are getting paid to do soooooo
Almost 90%soilders are from farmers background family, we all  eat food grown from farmers and take protection from their children's(army) so we should support those people's and  it is duty of every Indian  including modiji and amitji ,jai Jawan jai Kishan jai bharatmata.
Farmers will win because they are farmers 
Most of them are congress leaders what did they do in there term of office atleast the government is trying to test what is good for the country . Those people just sit and criticize and don't take any action
Prime Minister for their " Heroic
Modi is enough for destruction of India.
There can be no unity among farmers. Krishan ekta is just an imaginary phrage. The policies that will help farmers of Panjab, Hariyana and Western Uttarpradesh; will hurt the farmers of Bihar, Karnataka and Maharashtra.
2. How come your traffic rules on rally known to each farmers
option A
In most corrupted,polluted infected communal anti farmer country in the world,God Jesus died 4 ur sins n arose frm tomb on the 3rd day,trust Him u r sure in heaven.c Easter in google
in democracy,  PM should be of flexible nature for internal matters
Modi yogi shah BJP rss jaise farebi magroor netao ko Judd se ukhaad ke karchre me phenk dena hai ab to...Modi is the worst PM India has ever seen
bjp means no mercy religious fight zulum monopoly lie anger kiliing zero economy    destroy         business crush poor
Free and fair investigation ho..
But actually the fear of change in traditional subsidized farming is veiled behind this attack on the govt reforms.
Our great farmers..don't you dare to bother them..
If you still believe in Bramin Baniya club will safe guard Indian subcontinent, you are dead wrong. 
Phone: 011-43161818 | WhatsApp: +91-7669922294
80/ poor former loose as per expert
They are not that educated to teach you about the farm bill
Victory, FATEH
lol, we all know print will fail as usual
I cam on this video to not to give my opinion but to learn farm bills
So just to get this straight :
They put down Indian flag now their all constitutional right has gone .now shoot them
And people are gathering in huge numbers 
News taglines tells about how sold by 1 party'.
What a wonderful selective journalism...
The govt could stop this by postponing or negotiating but our idiot illiterate PM will not even release a statement
So the new law allows Direct to Consumer model that cuts out the middleman, how is that bad? Entire world is moving to that model, if given an option I would buy directly from a farmer. Middlemen should be optional, I get the logistics of selling can be overwhelming for small farmers but they can always form small groups or use middlemen if they prefer to do so. Supply chain portion might be a challenging at first but is not impossible to figure out, this way a farmer becomes their own boss.
Is congress a patriotic party ???? Is it true that rakesh tikait is real son of late shree mahendersingh tikait  a down to earth man and true farmer????????????
India must help Northen Alliance in every possible way to save True Afgans in Panjshir and show mirror to our so called allies how ally behaves ...
 " Pleasures of Power." ?  .*
Bro try a year of protest
poor farmers lost, rich farmers won
Aarbaz Chutia 1st Ambani Gehu Nahi bez tha hai thik. 2nd Contact Farming is some how the best for Farmers. MPS Is Perfect. 
Sir your explanation is so smooth!
Thank you for supporting those whose own government is blind and deaf ... thanks Mr. Trudeau
Yes what all he said was correct... Yes it was 100% true...
MSP has been referred as price assurance, price guarantee , so please download farm bill 2020 pdf format and read point 5 mentioned.
Why Pakistanis cant see that their pathan brothers dont want any division, border or separation between them . They are such a peaceful sons of their opium growing soil  & true flag bearers of peaceful faith 
Biggest lier of our country, BJP can go any way to win elections they don't care our nation they only care on elections. Don't make fool to poor citizens.
9) 90 % Regulation of all Bills achieved without implementing bills.
Enough of acting..People of India are tired plz. Just give the farmers what they want and move on
The Indian government is 100% corrupt. That's why this is happening. The political establishment of India ONLY serves the interests of the wealthy elite. Their is no real democracy in India, just an oligarchy. The Hindu majority is also very discriminatory towards minorities in India. Sometimes, protests have to get destructive, otherwise the government just pretends nothing is going on. They should march to Mumbai next.
abp news should also ask our PM FM HM CM on 2 crore jobs, doubling of farmers income. petrol diesel lpg price loot, inflation, selling of PSU and banks, NPA, old pension policy, schools and hospitals etc. the public is interested in these core issues and will vote only on these basis.
Remove all these encroachments. All these are anti national people.
FARMERS ARE NOT INTERESTED WHAT YOU SPENT .  
10. On jan 26,2021 farmers unions done tractor rally and in that lot of Iron rods, Swords carrying rioters injured 200 police men 
Mr Sharma really understands and gives fair assessment.
Jhuth pe jhuth
Om Birla and harivansh being chair persons always support treasury benches. Shame
Entire BJP today is Jockers and Criminals from top to bottom, Their time is going to end soon 
may be Bjp tak is real name of this channel
Thank you for your coverage...
Mandal adhyksh wah chutye anchor 
We support our farmers...they are food givers....we all should support them....
Thus they must be behind the bar .
Still the protest is going on But Godi media shows nothing ...just wanted views at that time now have forgotten
What happened to dakait?
        h            tha ......ur pr case darj Krna chiye ......isse pta chlta h loktantra ke #4 or     #1.  Stambh khtm ho chuke h ..   ...
2. Hitler used to think that people of certain religion were enemies of the country
INTRATI AN ROMANIA CU ACORDUL MEU REGINA MA4IA SI ACORDUL LUI NATO
Hats Off to your hardwork and dedication and commitment 
Look at his smiling face
Great pm
Stop this uncalled for agiration in Delhi.why delhi should suffer. There is no logic behind this farmers agitation.  This is a politically motivated. Let farmers should go to their place of stay and do whatever they want to do. But spare delhi.
According to a report 48% farmers dont want their future generation to be farmers as it is not profitable.moreover every year Farming lands are getting smaller and smaller as farmers have more children than they have much farming lands.
SABKO TANAAV BABAALSE MUKTI MILE DUST SETAANSE PAAPOSE NARAKSE BACHAAYE UPARVAALE JIVIT ISVAR PRABHU YESHUPITAA SATGURUDEV
Bcoz once it's implemented 80% will start getting benefit and their life would have better at the cost of these 20% big farmers.
BBC wale bas afwah hi failate hai
mentioned in the farming agreement itself, and in case, such price is subject to variation,
Next India easy to conquer like chicken party
Please Help the Students of Assam to cancel the board exams...We all the Protesting on Twitter (we crossed 1.5M tweets)....But We need your support.......as EM is ignoring us..
Salute to farmers of the country they remained resolute even after the repeal of farm laws.
Nobody is talking about Journalist who was killed. He killed because he had video graphics
More than 700 farmers died many suffered in protests.
Great actor plz gve him Oscars
IDIOTS..
Covid Vaccine Divide Between Rich And Poor Nations Worsening, Warns WHO; US Detects 1st Case Of Brazil Coronavirus Variant; US "Well On" Way To Covid Herd Immunity By Summer says Joe Biden
Every govt organization that was supposed to help people had become a mafiadom, not only APMC. If it is so easy to make APMC work in an orderly manner then why in 55 years has it only been degrading through multiple govts? I have seen how the farmers suffer because of this. If anybody dares to take his/her produce directly to the market he/she is quickly brought under control through threats.
K)  Tax factor must be considered to be imposed in order to maintain that farmers are not only feeders of the society but also tax contributors for development of nation. 
If government decided to bring MSP guarantee law, then India will have to borrow additional 3 to 4 lakh crore from IMF/World Bank/Other Countries and -
CDS General Bipin Rawat knew all the details regarding 'Rafale scandal'.
Then they will not get the benefits
The police has no balls.
I support farmer's protests.
They say bills are in favor of farmers. ....
ABP Jaise news channels pure nirlajja ho Gaye hai. Sirf Tikaitji ka interview dekhne Aya tha. Or else, such channels should be boycotted.
Esaaa hi hoga police goli chalaye or hum bethe rhw
Maximum Retail Price - No one can sell above this price.
Zee news is a shameless bunch of people!
Inept Anchor still supporting Inept politicians after loosing Face!
Only ndtv
Proud to be sikh
Let these unions give guarantee that there wont be any untowardly incident, then we will see what happens. What is so special in Delhi except for being the capital? This is a repeat episode of Delhi riots during Trump rally.
Nice reporting
Modi is  good  actor  in Indian film industry ,,,   ,who says Modi can't change and play the roll,, Modi's acting killed a lot of people that"s why he become a , I want to present him Padmashree, cool
Watch the link without fail
Other wise why would they listen to the " aandolan jivi" and khalistani
Worst is commodity act. Limit on hoardings is removed. It will adversely affect the consumers not farmers 
Police india are corrupt and in 1984 they were killing young sikh men. I hope they shoot police on sight
Red fort- Ctrl + V
Good Stuff..
Same on you minister .
So Use Street Gundaraj To Rules!
New Farmers Bills not only ruins the Farmers but ultimately directly effect Common People of India on long terms. Not only Mandi will be shut down but small hand Carts Vendors will be out of market. All Vegetables, Food grains and  essentials Commodities will be Sold in Small Packets at High PRICE/ RATES like USA. Canada, Australia and other rich county people are buying. COMMON PEOPLE CAN NOT BE EFFORD TO BUY IN INDIA. If  Farmers Bills will be implicated Bad Days not be far in India for COMMON PEOPLE OF INDIA
By fake propaganda running the Government?
Why is BJP government so very stubborn??? Listen to the farmers where is your democracy your so proud of.
So r u guys going to do with Modi what you did to Indira Gandhi ? 
I stand with farmers.
These are the main issue
Farmers protests is hijacked by China,  Pakistan, Khalistans supporters
Salute to farmers
Desh farmer protest news sirf 5 minutes ka lekin taliban news din k har waqt..  news today walo taliban se pyar ho gaya kya..
Congress  hame badla chaiye 84 riots ka
IN FARZI KISHANO K SAATH YHI HONA CHAHIYE
Now I know why and how he trained Kjri
Plz world help us Punjab and hariyana bjp worst gorvment ever history in India...plzzzz help
Ppl who do not know their father
Indian always gives false news or old news.
Farmbill2020 Tamil explanation @https://youtu.be/HFVSUS12zQo
Sabse baddi learning...reforms in india is really tough. People mindset very narrow, people only think about short terms gains. Not ready to embrace change.
IAM YOUR FAN NO 1 AND YOU ARE MY HERO NO 1 ALWAYS ARNAB JI
Truth shall triumph in the earth.
So bjp will again win that seat in 2022 may be with reduced margin.
Hey, BJP.......
Repealing laws is not  going to help bjp gain ground in coming elections. Modi is too late to announce this.
roti. makkan. aur kappada. pahale dilatho. peene ka paani aur proper roads and electricity and let them no commit suicide on account of the burden on their shoulders.
This one of the statagic withdraw for elections only.
Iam from Karnataka , protestors are brokers and middleman in APMC, fearing they might loose power and hold on farmers.
The farmers have the right to use the vote politics  card to get their legitimate demands met by the deaf regime of Modi-Yogi-cronies. The government has used every dirty trick to malign, weaken, scare and harm the farmers. Vote politics is the only appropriate tool left for the farmers to use. It is democratic, it is legal, it is non violent- acceptable in all Democratic countries.   So they have to take that route.  The media should not question or blame them. This is different than entering Politics or contesting elections.
MSP guarantee means communist law...India is world largest democracy. This demand is to destroy democracy. Goli maro bhosdi walo ko...
They are not arguing on the Laws which was most awaited and is good for people and farmers in general. 
Last time i was voted for BJP but now I'm realizing BJP want to rule but they are not interested in common man's issues..... Using us as tool for get victory in election.... 
Around 100 farmers died in this farmers protest. Why this so called 56 inch corporates PM still silent..
INDIA IS AND  ALWAYS WITH FARMERS.
Only poor middle class suffering
millions ? no. not millions. u got millions for reporting this but... whatevs.
Abe Sangheeyon andhbhakton woh Indira Gandhi thi aur Congress jo desh ke liye kaam karti thi
UP ka election a raha hai
Same on the riotic people who killed i nicent drivers and killed thier collegeue accidentally..... Fucking all anti gov are involved....
desh ke kishan hamesha garib hi rahenge in fargi kishan netao ke vajah se, society which doesn't accept Reform and transformation will never progress . I also come from farmer's family and supported this law.
What limitation should goverment put on MSP?
Jai jwan jai kisan but border seal krna is not good for this country !!
Great Pakistani leader Imran Khan.  Greetings from Brussels
There is no life without realizing what life is!
U should know indian import edible/vegetables oil of 68000 crore...if govt. Give rate on vegetables then surely..farmer produce this also...basmati rice export of 40.45 lakh tonee which gives 29000 crore...govt. should need to give msp on all types of crops...then only farmer will produce these other crops..in Punjab and Haryana why farmer sow only wheat and rice because they get good rate only on these twoo...that why..if govt. Rate on others all....then diversification will come in agriculture and farmers will produce all types of crop...and it will balance the demand supply chain and they will get good rate and also export will jncreased on these edible oils
How will you know the pain unless you are on anesthesia brainless bodies. 
This area is belong to pashton nation not pakistan
To whom he addressed..why these online classes..why can't he listens the hearts of the people..when INDEPENDENCE come to people of india..in past kings and Britishers..now in the hands of CORPOTATORS , POLITICIANS AND MEDIA..WHEN INDIA GET INDEPENDENCE?
This IC learning failure of democracy of government Modi and Amit Shah are failure of this
These people set by apb news
You are totally biased in favour of Congress and Communists 
That it will develop adani and ambanii..
*The main reason is  "Out of 29 seats in all India byelection bjp, rss team managed to won 12 seats only, out of 12, 5 seats in Assam. BJP, Modi, RSS, Shah, Yogi  GAME OVER*  
Sir Modi and Amit shah are cruel and stone hearted people
Support Farmers
how can they spray chemicals on people???! what is wrong with them??
Jo bhi act hain o congress wale hi plan laye the app ne ab jarikar rahe ho
Political parties have connections with grassroot must bring such social decay and confront it Infront
      So  that a new party namely All India Kissan-Mazdoor Party should be made by Agriculture people for flushing out corporated  based politicians by democratic votes.
Waste of  time on your YouTube my personal opinion .
UP k election aa rahe h 
The problems that the farmers are facing wont be limited to the farmers alone, they will next show up in the general society as well. The current government has succeeded in placing the future of the next generation of children of this country into deep slavery by promoting endless privatization, transferring wealth to the riches, performing changes in rules that were protecting the democracy so far. 
your one click can change my whole life ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
First spread Ambani's property in poor people.
        Bounce Back!  
Judge Gogoi has set a precedence,by hearing a case against himself.
Types of Agricultural Subsidy in India
Now what would say hybrid devotees
3.If any dispute between farmer and industry then farmer can't go to court, only can go to SDM COURT, Is not this point breaking our fundamental rights because as per constitution  there is an independent judiciary system in INDIA for it's citizen.
Aor ajeet ji apko pura mamla pta nai he to aap khamosh rhe post instagram pe nahi balke Facebook pe hua tha
Rakesh ji Tikaat is not only a farmer he is a Baabar Sher on farmers
Happy for all farmers :))
It is bit too late,,damage alreay done!!
1. Google form create karo.
Give me my photos 
So, it's lot difficult this time.
APMC act ...it exploited farmers...it push farmers to pickup the rassi and hang himself ( suicide)....
Don't Act like Taliban this democracy
What a Stupidity!!!
Who's here after the Farmer Victory 
But the people know from where they are question have come from
The management is in need of help, they blame on reporters, so take care B 4 The  mafia takes over you , time scale is not at
ANT...IN..MARIO ka curruption  case BACHAO. 
Good effort, its time we start the deeper discussion of lost of our kingdom and our way of life! 
Ranjit singh mere hi city ka hai. I am also from nawanshahar
This is just anarchy we must put a stop to this
Narendra Modi has delivered final blow to the Sikh farmers by incorporating laws which will ultimately convert Sikh land owners into landless bonded labor.   
b. While you farmers may be honest, hardworking etc. etc., so are many other types of workers (e.g. traders, small business owners, labourers etc.). Why should only you be getting differentiated treatment at the cost of everybody else?
Is this bill good 
This all acting..to show world pakistan and Taliban are enemies... this is not true
Thanks a lot for giving me information
Who made Modi a PM, who is shamelessly destroying country and countrymen, not doing anything for price rise & unemployment. Only lying & fooling people on Hindu card !!
All government, of course, is against liberty
V good decision Modi ji.. Only thing now Modi ji should do now is to leave PM chair and sit in kedarnath cave for at least 20 yrs.. That will be a good repentance and riddance for us 
We stand with farmers.. Govt is taking on its EGO to take back the corporate friendly anti-farmer bill
Your face shows your defeat
There are more than many medicinal plants/herbs that can be grown in many parts if Punjab& Haryana.
They are giving attention in up punjab .But the gujarat ko nazarandaz kar rahe hain.
Frequent harrasment of hindu godmen?
Mam the ground reality is not even 10% farmers are selling on MSP.
Remember 1984. India is now a Hindu state.
In india economist talking about agriculture hardly know anything about agriculture that is the main problem 
It sure
REPORTER  NAHIN , SARKAAR KAA CHAMCHAA HAIN -- AAJ  TAKK WAALA .
Thanks for explaining 
Excellent presentation.  Clear , to the point and balanced .
Finally smjh me Aaya...
Bhai i have seen many news reporter like ravish Kumar ...they are not clear .. they talk like they are against of bjp congress ..but you explain very well ...   Thank u
Very niccceeeee.....lecture Sir.......Salute to you....
fucking nonsense police.
nice info.... thanks
It's not victory for farmers. Already lost 700 lives. Modi & co should get punishment for that.
Read in your own regional language along with English the farm bill.
Belive in cobra never belive in mod.
Apmc ensures MSP and forces govt to buy the products. APMC has it own flaws which should be removed. 
0:33 Helicopter main rotors are missing.
There were more than 7 lakh Hindus/sikhs in Afghanistan till the 1970's. Now a few handful sikhs and one Hindu priest is left which they will keep as museum pieces to showcase their secularism and tolerance after having made their country almost 100% Islamic country from a 100% Hindu country.
Its a good information vdo,all bills information really tuch the mind and clear knowledge.. Tq sir
No trust on Modi, after the elections the farming laws will again come back
Ab Na Modi Yogi BJP Government Ho Gi 
*53% Indian Firms Plan Hiring, 60% Set to Increase Salaries as IT Sector Leads Rebound; Top 4 to recruit 91K from campuses this year*
thank you for my india tiktok chanel
The nature of his occupation, too, suffers a disability. His goods are perishable. He cannot store/withhold his produce beyond 1 or 2 months and wait for the prices to become favorable. There is tight schedule for meeting his liabilities, sowing the next crop and so on.
Hence instead of this Mindset ( mentality) that best quality will get MSP and anything else will get below MSP on gradual level is wrong. This is exploitation mentality and results are Farmer suicide who couldnt sustain
Very nice session please bring more sessions for agri economy
Let those farmers in Punjab continue be in the  arm pits of Arihant s and their Mandis. Only time will teach them their folly. The other states including Bihar where tyres were burnt and Maharashtra where protests were triggered already have open markets and private direct sellings markets functioning.  
For your kind information not Khalistan flag it is khalsa flag and kissan s flag
Sikh community zindabad
Companies can procure from farmers  not under control with paying taxes to Mandis
Shame on RSS
11 months and still going! Largest protest in human history!! 
Too much blood in the hands of govt.
what are these restrictions / laws they're protesting in a nutshell? and why is it happening all over including new Zealand etc
Why doesn't the MSP become law?
Prime Minister, we are proud of you. But the only expectation is to answer the following as an honest principal servant. 1) Was the Swaminathan Commission and its recommendations to be implemented? 2) Was he going to double the income by giving guarantee to the farmer? 3) Was he going to set up an industry based on food and food production? 4) Special financial provision was to be made for world class agricultural education system and research? 5) Were all market committees free brokers? 6) Farmers were to become self-reliant? I hope you will answer
Passing any rule, bill, or any decision can't be done by 1 person only. So please stop abusing and criticizing Modi ji.....
Do BJP thugs know the meaning of REPUBLIC.
Don't be too enthusiastic,He can't betray his 2 masters
Again and again  Khalistani elements are using the veil of farmers protest...
Wo hi 4 seat aayegi Jo 2009 ke election me aayi thi
Misgoverment is Reason for divide.
It is first hard for a non-influential farmer to file his complaint. Even if he does, it is not easy to get justice along with that he has to face violence & threat if he is challenging a person who is extremely powerful because of his influence on other people. 
gareeb kishano k pas bmw, hyundai verna and innova , wow
These rich people are all looters. All the rich of India are trash.
Thank God , I will stop taking dry fruits ,I will stick to my grandma recipe, it is more healthy,reliable and unadulterated,
Hum chodege nahi bjp ke leadero ko pitege bhale 100 parche ho jaye
Even if the man had disrespected Guru Granth Sahib ji it doesn't give you any right to kill anyone for it. The Nihangs are known as most loved soldiers of Guru Gobind Singh ji maharaj. Are we really living in democratic country? Were people get killed for this kinds of stupid reasons?
He should be fired and charged for uttering threats, his orders led to so many peaceful protestors to be injured. He is unfit to be in that position. He should be in jail.
 you and me Flew away, no one will be left owning this Land easy to 
No matter what good BJP and our Modiji do ... fraud parties Congi bsp samajwadi party then owaisi will definitely find tiny negative and stretch it
theory is  good but behind the curtain govt supports hoarding and big business house
Oh my god! Do they even listen to what they are saying? Because APMCs( who are keeping farmers in perpetual poverty) will have to compete with new commers, farmers are protesting it seems. Blatant propaganda
I appreciate our PM for going back on farm law. Even though its late at least now its done. Opp will find bad things in everything so dont worry.
You are talking as law student I challenging it as a agriculture and law student that they are one of the best reform in the Indian history 
Bakwas sudhir Choudhary
support store and black marketing
Shame on you and government
Nd TV neutral I m from pakistan
Ajit Anjum we proud of you be healthy and happy thanks from Winnipeg Canada
Thank you for supporting farmers  and Indian democracy
Media event management and evm managements is miracle of bjp nothing else
In Maharashtra, Sharad Pawar's daughter Supriya Sule used to show agricultural income of 10000 crores. This family had a control over the entire onion, chilli and grape trade.
Modi ji 's framer bill is a death to the poor farmers. Return gift to private companies for their genorous donation . Like demonization gst now farm bill all are too take away money from middle class and lower middle class and give to private companies , relief of dues n wat now. This govn is slowly replaceing public by private.
Modi is a Corupt Person.
---Keeps nibbling lands from Pakistan Kashmir that led to daily border wars and gun fights;
These Fake Farm protests are manufactured and funded by foreign sources and Congress.
Congress should also fight against sale of national assets to corporates and implement nehruvian idelogy with necessary modifications to suit the  present requirements. Rahulji is indeed trying to revive nehruvisn idelogy. The so called G23 leaders may concentrate on this point
East India Company built roads, railways, courts, police stations, schools and colleges but we kicked them out because they never listen to public. For them Company's profit was more important than Public's will. Hint: Modi thinks he is a son of Queen Elizabeth.
Can we print Minimum Retail Price instead of Maximum Retail Price? Using it as donations replacement for social service?
Rrc group D ke exam date ke liye video banaye please
Jai Kisan ( many genuine ones are also a part of this rally but unaware that they are being played with )
Add. I miss you so much  please kabhi to  call karo
Don't watch 
""LETS PRAY FOR THOSE CHILDREN" "WHO DONT HAVE ;THEIR PARENTS" THEY ARE REAL LEGEND 
Apne cars k shishe tord daley to wo kya krte fir apni mar khate
Where do I find MDH alternatives now? Hmm sad, I really like their spices. I'll look for alternatives,
IF AMBANS IMPORT RICE AND WHEAT AND SELL HERE WILL YOU BY IT OR REJECT IT . ?
India is also mentally slave of westren world.
 Please know that only Adani Group and Ambani are vacating all the departments.
Good luck with your friends and family Kisan morcha zindabaad
tikait & others don't go to farmers committing suicide in Maharashtra, Is it because not getting any fund for going there & is congress ruled state???????????
strong message , what type of message is this ? shame on NDTV
Great go ahead farmers neither they will get tired or give up until three bills are taken back by the ego central government whole nation is with farmers those against these farmers dont deserve to eat anything
Absurdity of fallen human souls is acquired through repeatedly done sins over many life times. While absurdity of Gods is associated with absolute quality of their free choice. 
Now this is proven that these so called goons kissans hav nothing to do with commen man's life and income....They hav become so selfish that every month they impose these strikes on us which affects our pocket and life...These kissans have no works their crops are growing naturally they dont hav to do much ..but we middle class has to do hardwork for buying wheat from them ...
Sir again a great video, I never watched that long movie without skip  but your video is better than every entertaining movie, series, show's.
Entire northeast is our farmers Go for it my dear brothers we are alwys with you...My dad is a farmer, and so do I.
Modis whole political life has revolved around protests , killings, communal violence and hate. We the people of india dont need gujrat development model to be forceful applied on whole of india. Modi should take this lesson and modify his dictatorial thoughts
Useful information 
you don't know about this and you just saying for your followers and likes. making your TRP this is not khalistani ka jhanda. This is also our sikh's historical flag call Nishaan sahib. This is a symbol of Chardikala.
Farmers seek getting good price whether via APMC or private company. We guess, It's always APMC makes 100% profit. Gov't is giving that freedom to farmers to sell where they get good price than congress law where farmers have to sell for less cost to tied APMC worker and middle man APMC makes money.
These years are the initial revolts of  many states  for freedom from india
Everything need reform as time pass  via new aproach .technology and better improvement. So strugle for betterness not for traditional. Love from nepal 
These laws concern farmers who do not want them  modi should repeal the laws country is with the farmers there is no use projecting an image abroad when the conditions in india are so dismal the stark reality of india
Alag alag aaye the ek hoke ja rahe hai .... Congratulations..... Everyone
Many things occur in tirupur why ndtv don not show in his channel
Now godi media wil say  china and pakistan might have plan . But now a days godi news channels has become pogo channel..
Bencho Modi
And also it is clear before the day of voting that NDA clearly pass this bill as they have clear majority (NDA+AIADMK+SHIVSENA+)
See this is how you stand up in your own country,WELL DONE 
Great video
Ridiculous. Dehli Govt should do a better job of border control. Local people have suffered enough from the barricades. Waste of economic progress and adding to pollution and thus climate change .
Due to this new shape of MIC, the BJP will feed the world a misinformation about INDIA BELIEVES IN PEACE AT GUN POINT
Very strange Amit shah ..if you wanted them to not block the borders while talks happen .. you had this choice since very long time .. much before they even started their journey for Delhi..  but you were simply not interested  in talking.. now that they had to block the borders ( because of you since you and govt did not want to listen any other way) - you are asking them to open the borders and then talk .. you could have done that 10 days back .. they only came because you wanted to ignore like other protests
Andhbhaktho ko lund khilao .. tb farmers k support me aayega
Thanks u did incredible work buddy
how long trauma will be carried
What do the Indian people expect from BJP MAFIA
Excellent explanation, Thank you
Reforms are very much needed in agriculture sector. 
have a dear ground report porson
Channels like these are really dividing the nation
Private contracts will eventually bring a competitor and farmers will have a choice to whom he wants to sell and to whom not. If you are not getting MSP in the private contract you can go for APMC's
   3.5 disadvantages for consumers ie us - high chance of hoardings and black marketing would lead to increasing prices.
Young lady kindly cover your head plase.you should know your Gurudawarai ka culture plrase.
India stop constantly trying to play catch up with Western standards/models based on Western values, and recognise what your standards and values are and creat laws and models that support and honour your reality! 
 Worship is something without knowing who & where the Lord is!
Best explanation.. Hats off to u
       -        .          ,               .                 ,  169                .      ,               .                         ,   UP              .
We are with you Dear farmers 
October: We need protests nationwide
_Top Lashkar commander, involved in major attacks +1 terrorist, gunned down in Kashmirs Samboora_
Your are a great personality sir. Delhi police  jindabad 
This is only possible in my country India I'm proud in I am Indian
You are agree with Aamir khan
Happy that govt and farmers settled the issue
I stand with farmers.call me terrorist or not.
Jack Jean Reasou 
Also, childless persons' properties and financial assets must also be taken over by Central Govt. after their death.
The kumbakaran of India, the sleeping Giant SC finally wakes up
Nobody need warn India. It is not necessary for India poke it's nose in the present situation of Afghanistan either, unless and until India is affected by others ideologies. Before warning one has to see that all under the umbrella are happy.
Thankyou Mohit Sharma sir
Tamils and Sikhs!! Brave Nations with some self esteem,.
Honestly government have to suspend this SDM and give him punishment with duty to serve victim farmers in hospital !
tried watching the video at normal speed after months.. not working.. back to 1.5x.
Why is the PM not listening to the people. Why is he making a mockery of the democracy.
Dont need to worry about this. Soon Bollywood will make a movie and general bakshi (aka ajay devgan) will fly it back sitting on the roof lol
Sabse ghatiya news channel zee news
i can see all are #punjabi's with turban but this is U.P 
Haryana Punjab people have always been warriors they have always raised the banner of revolution and led from the front !!! True warriors of India they never bow down in front of anyone
Full support for farmers protest   Sincerely salute their focus and determination.  Fake BJP govt should be ashamed of their lies and evil biased reforms. Repeal the disputed farm bills and atleast show some remorse. It's really sad and real shame for the patriotic Indians to protest for their rights on our republic day. This govt is not for the people of this nation. They are meek and care only for the power hungry money minded business mafia owners. They have no respect for farmers who feed the nation nor to the patriots who give their life for the nation at the borders 
I am quoting Senior RSS leader Raghunandan Sharma Mr. Sharma said, "Your intention might be of helping the farmers, but if some people don't want to be helped, what is the use of doing such good?," "If someone wants to remain naked, what is the use of forcibly clothing him ? Well said Sir !!!! Om Santi 
This episode is really beautiful 
Taxes such GST, Petrol, Disel taxes will increase.
COVID: BJP leader Uma Bharti admitted to AIIMS in Rishikesh; Odisha deputy speaker, 11 MLA test +VE
Zee news  unsubscribe 
Easy 2 UNDERSTAND PFI - PAKISTAN FUNDED INVESTMENT
Jo pehla bill bola essential commodity act to pass hi nhi hua hai. Kya bol rahe ho yrr. Ulta seedha kuchh bhi. Ye to kahi nhi likha hai ki APMC khatam krna chahti hai??. Ye to aap khud se bol rahe ho. Aisa to kahi kuchh nhi likha. Kul mila ke ye jo virodh kr rahe hain vo kisaan nhi bichouliye hi hain jinhe pata hai ki APMC ko mandatory tag hata dene pr inki ulti seedhi kamai band ho jaegi. America ka agricultural loss bhi india ke agricultural gain se kahi jada hai . Are shuru to hone do pehle hadd hai yrr. Who is this expert giving bullshit point. The main reason behind the declination of farming in USA is their next generation is educated and developed and hence don't want to pursue careers in agriculture... go read the report . For this govt has to invest more in research and development in agriculture . But in india first we have take our farmers at that level ki unke bachhe soche ki ab unhe farming nhi karni tab problem aaegi to tab hum bhi us problem ka solution nikalenge . Ye kya bakwass reason hai ki waha model fail ho gaya ...Are you stupid ? model fail hota waha to kya unke farmers itne rich hote ? Unke bachhe aaj ye desicion le pate ki unhe farming nhi karni ab ? Hadd hai farming crisis aur model fail hone me zameen asmaan ka antar hai waha crisis hai log krna nhi chahte farming due to new generation ...Model fail nhi hua hai  go read first then listen someone else point of view and follow like a sheep.
No protesting farmer had guts to talk on what is bad in Farm laws
I support farmers 
i bet that the dislikers are modibhaqts, chutiyas  , and some are under bjp funding
Some committee/reports also said that FCI procurement is a small % of their total requirement thru APMC markets & the MSP is also being paid for a small % of their procurement. So main question are
I also welcome the move but BJP was never ever going to win in Punjab. They dont have a Voter base in Punjab. Out of the Total 117 assembly seats in Punjab, BJP only has 2 seats and will remain in single digit in 2022 Assemly elections.
The intelligence report, the Punjab election all these are bullshits 
Who
Never mess with your father kids 
But can be explained in content based
Increased exp on Farm fencing, LPG cylinder, electricity, household activities like use of washing powder for utencils, changed consumption pattern particularly of dresses, etc.
Do opposition party have any shame? Bloody traitors. These people are responsible  for this horrific riot. Arrest Rahul Gandhi n party who supported this tractor rally. Everyday he was instigating and provoking these fake farmers with his poisonous lies,misinformation and misleading people to go against pm modi, Government,Supreme Court ,Indian Army by disrespecting them,creating  ruckus n stir in our country n defaming India globally. He never wanted this fake farmer protest to stop. He wants these fake farmers to safeguard our country borders instead of army. I feel like slapping him with old chappals. He is such a disgrace to our country.
VOX theme
INDIAN  POLICE PLZ SUPPORT FARMER.........MODI MURDABAAD
I can't understand one thing even PM was once poor, he used to sell tea and now he can't do anything for these farmers...
Winning elections and preserving ones image is more important than anything else.
     ,              technical failure,  .  Should we not unsubscribe ?~
haha WhatsApp is very good , compare with  Rabhish University . shameless journalist
Shame on this SDM. Pathetic
Legal rights taken away: Every Indian will be affected by this bill, the most unjust imbalance of power. The law gives immunity to all civil servants, central and state governments, or any other person in respect of anything which is in good faith done or intended to be done under this act or of any rules or orders made hereunder. So, acceptance of the bill gives immunity to civil servants against legal action for crimes they have yet to commit 'in good faith'. Indian citizens will be excluded in right to legal recourse. It is very dangerous as it erodes the rights of every citizen.
Good content
Fateh on Corporates...Victory...
Primister should explain the nation how bill was passed in distrubed atmosphere of Rajyashabha by deputy speaker over night without proper debate on it. Vedio in this regard available in social media?
 By construing this bill only will sink a farmer is just fear mongering . The act doesn't at any point highlight the doing away of APMCs. This Act is the best way forward for the actual heroes, the farmers to get their rightful dues henceforth which has been stopped by the parasites called Middlemen over decades. Kindly read n understand the bill in TOTO before crying foul.
Are they really so dumb? 
Bjp supporters should protest to bring back the bills 
We sikhs are the most fearless people get more than 50 of them together and with the right motivation they will go threw 30000 people with no sweating Khalistan jinda badd
More than half of the states in country dont have APMCs/ or have already passed Bill to sell outside of APMCs anyways. 
Ndtv they are not farmers they are brokers/middlemen who suck farmers blood. Read the bill and check if it makes sense to eliminate middle men
   ( IAS)      
 from ODISHA 
How is it that the conscience keepers if the nation, namely the President, the Prime Minister and the Home Minister are all silent ???? They do not seem to have Pangs of conscience !!! What do they adorn their chairs for ??? The Tide has to turn and cause a strong Tidal Stream.
Windscreen already thod kr hi laye the.. preplanned tha sub
So it is next to impossible to remove Reservation, and implicate UCC bill
Great day for democracy. Government acted in accordance with citizens demands.
The great khan sir
APMC is also a private company with a license
 terror again 
Jay mere desh ke kishan. You is real god.
Congress knows NDTV and other pappu media dosen't hAve any article on BJP just few have...
THOUGH THE INDIA IS A DEMOCRATIC COUNTRY THE DISCIPLINE SHOULD BE MAINTAINED. THE DEFENCE PERS CONDUCTUNG THE PARADE IN RD IS FOR THE PRIDE OF THE NATION AND THERE IS SOME PROCEDURES MANDATE FOR THAT. IT IS NOT LIKE THAT EVERYONE CAN INDULGE AND ACT LIKE GOONS. IF SO THEY WILL BE NACKED AND JAILED. THE FORCES ARE NOT SLEEPING. REQUESTING THE CHANNELS TO BE QUITE PL. OTHERWISE THESES CHANNEL BUGGERS ONLY STIMULATING SUCH NEWS. JAI HIND.
We finally win today
What do you mean "Terror "
Why are you foolish to allow them to attack you?
More violence by opposition before elections
they need to be exterminated -- sick sick PEOPLE
If this is not Fascism , then tell me what it is???
This didn't aged well. Big win for people who stood against government and rip to those who lost their lives fighting for this.
Up election ma bjp ka harna to tha hi nhi aur abi b nhi
Best video on this topic ever on youtube.Easily understood.Thank you
And now farm bills are going to be scrapped.
What  a  stupidity  !
       : Rs.10,000,000,000,000/- (only Rupees Ten Trillion) -   !!!
The contract is decided on the size or quality of the product if they (whoever is contracting) dont find the product according to their need they wont give the agreed price there is no cover for flood or drought
Taliban threatening Modi (a thug) -this is good!
They attacked police with Rods and Media says its peaceful protest
Unless Mr Modi regsines the Minister of state, Mr Mishra questions,  why will he regsine as what were done by my father was advice of PM to carried out. If my is accused ,the PM is also equaly also be equaly accused .It the silence of Mr Modi is for the very reason and he is not daring to ask the for resignation from Mr Ajay Mishra.
How did they allow a corrupt person like sharad pawar to address them? Did you know how many farmers committed suicide on his watch in the past?
"India" our mother India is still a slave country because I don't see any freedom a democratic country is supposed to have. When will people learn when will we open our eyes when will we open our mouth when will we see what's right and so on and on.. I truly am ashamed of the way our minister's and the government is looking after the country. It's like the Britishers opened the cage they trapped us in and once we got free we started acting like mad animals killing each other in the hunt for food. This incident in UP just topped all the reasons for me to stop believing in the government 
Arnab is trying to blame the rioters because Modi's, hugely discriminatory scheme is dead
Very good PM,
One of the criminals who hung there also mocked and taunted him: Arent you the Messiah? Save yourself, and us! But the other criminal rebuked him. Have you no fear of God? You are under the same sentence as he. For us it is plain justice; we are paying the price for our misdeeds; but this man has done nothing wrong. And he said, Jesus, remember me when you come into your kingdom. He answered, I tell you this: today you shall be with me in Paradise.  (Luke 23: 39-43) 
, If we remove certain items from that list then prices will go high( daily use items like Oil, cereals etc ), It legalizes Storage of those items, Govt should remove that from the Bill and Its all good
 from new Delhi Pakistan 
NYC information sir
  Bsp chor, spa chor
What will poor farmer achive marching to delhi. Nonsense.?
India now is worst than somalia under the current modi regime
Many things lost in this Government?
2. Say them bjp it cell
Written with the God Grace Wisdom!
*Muhammad Lijian Zhao himself shed his Muslim identity and he says Xinjiang is safe* 
I gone through this topic 3 times that too explained by teachers of study IQ no doubt they r good educators too but finally 4th time me ye lecture siddhant sir ke video se smjh aaya pura .. pata nhi ye topic smjh hi nhi paari thi ..but thanks to u sir past se related krte hue aapne present matter tak btaaya ab I'm clear with this topic 
Are these reforms made them consistent till this day
A hi hai Acche din
Me actually focusing on the Trauma Center board 
WHAT ABOUT THE 300 OR POSSIBLY MORE FARMERS THAT DIED AND WENT MISSING?!
now no government will touch farming sectors and farmers will keep on committing suicide 
Not sure why cover such irrelavant person like owisi for TRP only. He is only diverting the people from main issues like umemployement, price hike
Camp market bhem nagar school 
Imagine American leaders being honest about their failures. I salute Modi for having the courage to change the wrong done. US just killed an innocent Afghan family and WILL NEVER apologize
What a thumbnail 
Very bad government modi
I think u have also red lingeries. Which is red hot 
This farm reforms were absolutely necessary for development in agriculture. Due to some peoples violent behavior, whole nation has to suffer consequences.
Kya, Russia ka bhi sath hai,,,,, indirectly ,,,,,,kya kah rahe ho, wo hamare sage bhai jaisa hai.
Farmers categorisation by GoI (marginal (upto 2.5 acre or 1 ha, small( 2.5 acre to 5 acre, semi medium 5 to 10 acre, medium 10 to 25 acre and large ( above 25 acre) needs to be revoked. 28 lakh farmers of Rajasthan who owns more than 5 Acre land are not getting benefit of loan waiver or benefit of other govt scheme like EBC reservation, etc. Kisan leader are not aware about these issues.
These are fake people gathered for political agenda
Farmers with their hard work helped in lifting poverty and malnutrition ,they have to be given justice and not treated in such inhuman way ,as some are seniors citizens who have still not retired, from working
Unemployment communalism by BJP
Fantastic! Power to the people. Victory to those affected the most.
Sir plz English vocabulary hakri plz
thanks sir finally apne video bna di 
Thank You !
Shame on this govt.bjp should be eleminated soon.
If this kind of fortress and the barricades are  being put up in border areas, than trust me no one from the neighbouring country would dare to occupy or enter our country.
Cunning move taken by BJP with the upcoming UP elections  in mind. Dangerous party for all the working class people. We should teach them a lesson in the elections like southern states TN and Kerala
This is love
These big Punjab, Haryana & Western UP 'famers' are big looters of government  money, which is a drain, what govtv spends just goes to middlemen, partly Govt. Continues famine time legislations ( as governments are slow to change laws especially when that has created new rodent class of exploiters, the rodents are apoeased for vote,...these rident class are vote agents too) real farmers do not benefit too. The past governments for vote through  appeasement continue to waste tax payer's money in a drain of mandi agent monopoly. The so called farmer, politician & local middlemen, & MP or MLA are the same individual. 
Only A. Option
thanks a lot
Political kishan remain dharna till assembly poll
why did PM withdraw the Act, still dont understand. are just 2 states elections are bigger than the nation. shame
why nbloody oppsition parties not joing protest with farmes must be million marach
Tallaban n western world non r differebt
Bhagat singh's niece is participating protest. "Sonia Maan" an actress whose father (a kisaan union leader) was killed by khalistanis is one of the leading faces in the protest.. Now are these women also terrorists/ khalistanis..??????
U r a real deshbhakth
You should also make complete video on polity lecture
I hope people realise that this news channel is not nutral please follow other channels too
It's absolutely wrong tiketji because today is buddha purnima
Very conveniently moved from APMC to monopoly! Private player ki monopoly kaise ho jayegi! Won't corporate compete with each other like Ola competing with Uber. Have some logic Samdish
Thanks India today plzz support and show more about farmer protest without Bollywood we live . But without farmer we don't eating food
If the broker tikait is farmer how m
This is not Indian Farmer ....modi virodh only
modi has a pm disasster ruined killed all democracy modi want India to be a dictator rule want to force steal poor public wealth land & to help his rich cronies ambani adani India is no more secular modi want India to be fascist racist hindutva RSS bjp dangerous terorr ideology destroy all Institution sham on modi his past recored are crimimal modi not deserve to be pm of India
 2019 Congress Manifesto me khud bolti h ki ye Law hum leke aayenge agar hum power me aaye to.
The Taliban must be grateful for all this free American hardware.
3. Corporate companies can stock their materials to any limit legal which is major cause food crisis and price rise. This is law under which corporate are going to control Indian markets according to them selves legally.
What a shameful people still exist after that brutal massacre in karnal, nobody want to get beaten unnecessarily if we r protesting something is wrong plz support farmers, even I m not a farmer but know all the problems faced by them. This incident will remain forever in the history and the upcoming generations will shock to know that nobody support farmer. Shame of u all who are saying farmers are criminals, if only Punjabis were not involved in the freedom struggle then all the people who are against farmers works as the servants in British ers home. Sorry if i hurts someone's feeling. #KISANANDOLAN #KISANMAJDOOREKTAZINDABAAD
Stop this BULLSHIT
Farmers protest have Justice
Looks like entire team is so disappointed with decision than entire bhakt  ecosystem.
Reports farmers are not addament speak properly
What happened in Bangladesh should be an open book for Taliban.
I am with FARMERS 
Listen to  the Colin Gonsalves, Senior Advocate of the Supreme Court of India and the founder of Human Rights Law Network....This Bill Is unfair to farmers and is a  fight is for the HEART and SOUL of India.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eWqRR7DMyo 
Any plant that is not of my heavenly Fathers planting will be rooted up. Leave them alone; they are blind guides, and if one blind man guides another they will both fall into the ditch.  (Matthew 15: 13-14) 
 and rest of indian country farmers  are happy that they can sell 
Long live anti-corporations!
see the one with the riot shield? Thats your boy flowapowa42o and his boys sparky_1981 from twitch running the show. Can you spot them? check out the stream and come back and let us know. If you can find him you win a prize!!!
Why does the audio cut off whenever the name of Ashish Mishra is mentioned?
Nuksan BJP ka nahee...gareeb kisano ka hua hai....desh ka hua hai...tax payer ka hua hai. Benefit of repeal is only for congress and communists and leftists.
We are also waiting
You are a broker.... and the PEOPLE of INDIA know very well that AAJTAK hai DALALI MEIN SAABSE TEZZZ
Can you make a video on electricity amendment bill please!
How can utter defeat be disguised as a GIFT?????
Most trusted news channel.....
Short and sweet, crystal clear.. Awesome
Farmers of Punjab, haryana are also rich and pay zero tax
Ye America ki chal hai
We need maratha army infront of Pakistan border
God bless him ......
thank you, Sir
UP Elections. Shame on modi cabinet. You could have done it before. You have lost your high ground. Face humiliation and downfall.
*Delhi police provoked these goons from punjab in Australia, America too na? That's why they burnt Indian Flag there?*
The students are not normal students, but radicalized by one or another identity politics.
ABP news is owned by adani so they are against famrmers
Rights of every citizen and their livelihood is paramount. 
       ....BJP....  ...    ..BJP...   ....          ....     BJP  ...   (Gujrat)      .....       ....                  ......     ....     ........ ....game over
one more gold medial for media & govt who r barking for afgan women's rights & are unable to protect women's in there country  just to remind another Nirbahya died today by using rods.
Five Sardars Massacred by Uncivilized Terrorists in Kashmir. Let Italian Congress team to visit their families and protest against the killers and Pakistan if at all they have any concern for the country
Sikhs are so brave and strong and good minded people. Real Indians
This is a gem!
Lallantop, please talk about Adarsh Credit co-operative socitey. Near by 21 lakh people are getting affected due to this from last 2-3 years. India media and law system is blind for  us.
Sir, please bataye ki apmc me price kese dicide hoti hai ...      2000  2500       ,    
Kisan Mazdoor ekta zindabad we have won the Protest.Respect and Salute to all the farmers. 
Well done as an anchor but does not has any idea of ground reality.
Prime-Minister, Home-Minister and Defence Minister should be regined immediately for failure to maintain peace in J&K and now BJP is creating disturbances in all over India to crushing the Kissans of India.
the protests are a win-win situation for farmers and govt.....farmers wanted to express themselves and govt wanted a distraction for the public coz you know, BJP's Distract and Rule policy and all, always keep the public less ill-informed, un-educated and distracted......first CAA, then covid and other chinese issues and now farmers, all problems wantedly created by the govt just to keep people busy reading about those issues
Again modi proved that he is total failure, aap sir Gujarat Sambalo, kyonki baki india Bajeka.... Never seen such a person who works only for corporates and business man. Chunav ke badh app petrol or diesel ko Rs 200 tak leke janeka 
Does it demand the release of the independent report that was given by its own institution-no
Even government hasn't passed it yet...it's on hold ...when it passes so it's act..may god bless everyone who is at borders of delhi
He is absolutely incorrect
One shall not build and another inhabit, nor plant and another take, nor shall any labor in vain.
But still gotten there act together.
On telegram,, mindmaps of this topic is not available ?? Where can i get the mindmaps??? Plzz rep
Stand with farmers 
Beggars bluddy farmers ...even my dog will not pie on you
Oh did he except he did a mistake
What???
You are educated fool meaning parha likha anpar. How many pills you take to sleep after this.
I respect every country but Mr . Imran khan prove that not everyone deserve respect 
Congress , Kishano ko use n throw karta hai 
Ye nhi sudhregi asi he rhegi pr smjhdari isme he h ye topic ise yhi khtm krdena chahiye boht accha moka h iske pass pr ye sanki h  nhi manegi
All farmers of the country all the best don't fear of police you can go ahead.
One major assumption is that most farmers use the Mandi system. The figure is around 50-50. those who like using Mandi system like the fact they store storage system, credit, etc while others dislike it because of corrupt officials. Out side of Mandi, there is no msp and frankly most marginal farmers sell out of mandis only.
Farmer emnite I bahudin banchito.
Hope all hindu and sardar wake up and go for betterment of india .  And all including my farmer. .
Activist with good heart .
You don't have any news 
Its paying it real and am a witness to the hack transfers of .
THESE ARE ALL THE REASONS THAT WITH THE KIRPA OF OUR GURU JI you will SEE VERY SOON KHALISTAN IN MAP AS INDEPENDENT COUNTRY,  NOT as PART OF india. HINDUTVA FOLLOWER WANTS TO KILL ALL THE SIKHS AS THEY DID IN 1984  WE WILL NEVER FORGET 1984 THE MASSACRE OF SIKH CHILDREN, WOMEN, AND MEN. ONLY SOLUTION FOR SHIKHS IS KHALISTAN. Khalistan Jindabad. Referendum 2020 Jindabad.
You are right sir i never look at leaders religion when i vote religion is thing of past
Why then are farmers in Punjab growing rice because of subsidized power and water. That system needs reform badly.
If the Police Tanter have been honest then any criminal person can not become politician.
The Supreme Court appointed committee's report on Farm reform to be made public !!!!!
Now everyone is a farmer in this comment section or somehow related to them ...those farmers have been protesting for 10 months by being out of their comfort while you're sleeping with your A.C on and criticising like you know all ...most of the people here don't do their own research and just watches 2 or 3 video about it or read it in social media ..you guys don't have your own opinion..others opinion have been imposed on you ..try to think for yourself instead of letting others do for you
Far Far Far better video than any Lathee....
On a public note i would suggest this decision is good as we have seen in many developed countries they provide some kind of subsidy to their farmers... please sir i respect you but atleast provide full information on both the sides of the coin
The middlemen were the ones who were protesting. This is a loss for the small farmer. Tikait is a millionaire. As the many opposition.
what kind of video ziyada like to watch in your country
4. In 2019 only 10% of total agriculture produce (mainly 
I appreciate that Atul countered Tikait's point about FIR. Would appreciate if true information is also added at the end of the video after research. 
God bless India And farmers
Destroying their own country.
in india only farmers of punjab grow crop ?
Thankyou very much team Drishti 
Prophet sucks 
*World: 100,279,849 Death 2,149,377 (2.14%) Active 25,840,393 (26%) Recovery 72,290,079 (72%)*
We support farmers
Ok by putting up the Khalsa flag, u have made what was intended to be solely an economic issue of farmers into a communal and religious issue, which makes no sense at all!  U are just fueling that who khalistani bs which everyone knows will never happen. That too u did that on a secular monument!
Punjab & Haryana has max traders so they don't want their money to go
Does law allow Policemen to hit on head?
But blocking farmers using everything.
So no solutions actually offered to the farmers, but SC put in its own piece of pressure, criminalising the farmer movement. Way to go SC. With law treating it's own citizens like this, who needs enemies. 
Because of Kangana is there today favour he before
This is for Punjab election?? Shame on BJP and Modi sarkar.
#No Farmers No Food  
the girl in brown is just amazingggg...!!!!
Thanks 
Repealed under protest.
Cut cut clip send karte ho
Please imagine a little
Both are correct ,debate must happen in Parliament, in the farmers point they expressed their concern,if the govt agreed to give MSP ,I think it is good reform.
Aaj tak zee news abp news godi media shame on you
Woww God bless them . Happy souls r coming back to their homes
In the beginning itself Anchor just drew a line ...typical nonsense women... Don't show opposition itself ...nonsense group of tv news.
Sanqukt Kissan Morcha struggle and ask for their freedom for the last  1 year should become a model for the rest of the world should be taught in all Universities to have your demands heard in peaceful manner. It should be reviewed and acted upon. Lesson for democracy for developing world
Thanks sir bahut jadda confusion tha iss topic Mai
If they win Punjab(highly unlikely), they'll win only because of repealing these three draconian farm laws.
U both are Taliban's shut up idiots
So it's proved. These so called farmers r really terrorists as claimed by Kangana. How true.
This Saurabh is BJP conpaigner. So beware.
Doop kr mar jao..indian media had declared them terrorist and khalistani
Sir factory colety kab tak ayega mal
accept the reality. 70  percentage of afghan not support taliban.even though they are in the power. afghanistan not in india. so better go and alliance with existing afghan taliban government. otherwise we will loose more. india govt afraid of hindu votes. tell them a lie that this is modi effect.
We wil spread those pictures in worlds on our social accounts..
and Sanjeev. Didnt even care for PV narasimharao. Just see All their 
Coffee
Ye bhot phlye hona chahiye tha very good 
Everyone is standing with our hardworking Farmers bt not only the Modi Gov't Godi Media's n Modi Bhakth...  we the son of farmers n all together made the govt n but now this govt leaders they're unable to make any good decisions n let all suffer here.
Proud to be Pakistani 
ARNAB JI AAP MERE FAVORIUTE HO WHITECHOCOLATE SE BHI JAAYEDA SACH MAIN
Please let us know if you have this in Hindi. Its for farmers in India. Thanks
ONLY BECAUSE THE BJP IS AN ARROGANT PARTY TODAY.
Why only couple of states are protesting or quite serious about this while others are only giving lip services n some aren't into this at allll....
He deserves for his speech
Dirty politics and leaders never gonna help common people and Farmers so justice was done on spot full support to nihung singhs well done babaji 
Glad to see the comments here. nearly everyone supported the laws and understood that the reason for retreat was the goons. hope that now, farmers would ask dakait the questions when these middlemen harass the poor farmers
In UP Samajwadi partys performance is extremely poor. Whenever this party comes, law and order destroyed. Its because of BJP administration its in place. However in terms of work at ground level Samajwadi partys MLA works for development of state. Therefore its difficult for public whom to vote. Going to vote NOTA seeing and considering current situation of Politics in our Country
How sweet and naive and silly are you BBC. Or how smart and clever and toxic,the poison fruit bearing deadly seeds to divide the world and reap the spoils But a time will come very soon hen Taliban will have its headquarters in London
Modi: I am the Nation . I am the strongest 
About soyabin we are waiting for your suggestions
THIS IS WHAT FARMERS OF PUNJAB AND HARYANA ENDED UP IN DELHI. So
GARBAGE FARMERS... Vietnam rejects Indian rice as not fit for humans ... Punjab rejects new Farm Laws. Yet Pubjab allows  Kisans from Bihar to sell rice massively in Punjab. Amazingly most of the protesting Farmer Unions are Panjus, perhaps they do not know what is happening in their own backyard or they do not understand the new laws ...  the average Indian farm size is only 2.28 hectares, they do not have tractors. Tikhait is a Congress ally and failed in elections. Seems these farmers are only out to BLACKMAIL the country.
Another Big Failure of Modi BJP Government. 
But I suppose you want to please some, so farmers are expendable 
The propagandists are goading people into joining the protests in the name of Sikhism & Guru Govind Singh. Those who oppose them are branded as enemies of the community & are threatened with banishment from the society and this is all happening under the pretext of farmers protests, Sharma said.
Entire nation is with modi except few prestitite like you
Shameless
Good Work for Haryana Police 
Farmer are not terrorist
political analyst should be neutral  why she is supporting bjp
Institute me teacher ka abhav hai shayad kyoki mam hi sare session represent karti hai........
We saw this video 2 days ago while Godi media is showing this now.
Anyway its Afghanistans loss!
The iron lady!
2) If new markets are formed & used well, how is the farmer being ensured of not getting fleeced & get a decent price, even if he were to get a price below MSP?
Why tikait is continuing the agitation.I doubt about his integrity and he should be brought under the  scanner of NIA to find about links with terrorist groups which would helps to know which political parties instigating the violences
No one care about humanity
Dhakus better than police
Who is responsible for the disgraceful condition of today's 74 year old independent India which denigrates two different graveyards two different dwellings and fellow Human Beings in the name of Caste?
Thanks for explains in details. QQ: why oil  seeds price still less in India.? 
This doesn't sound reasonable. They must have asked what will be the price.
It's amazing Indians have right to protest and have power to challenge the government unlike china or Russia.
Very good presentation...
I hope india will return the favor and show support for the Covid protestors and their rights to peaceful protest. lol Canada is a joke it supports nothing only criticizing others about rights is does not grant its own citizens
Just wait, they will fight each other and collapse.
Which is correct? Implimenting or repealing? Then why so trumpeting, nothing done for benefit of agriculture in last seven years, plight of farmers increased, but income never increased. SC might have exposed but everytime making it helpless.
Dived and rule fail hojayega
5.China can't see politically unstable state in India anymore 
Great content.
These guys aren't listening to farmers but look at the bandobas they done and how much can this all has been cost...??
Asaduddin awaisi clearly said that he is against Taliban terrorists , don't misleading people's show full clips
INDIA CAN NEVER BE A DEVELOPING COUNTRY WITHOUT CHANGING OLD LAWS. FARMERS LIKE BEFORE WILL MAKE SUICIDES NOW AS WELL. MIDDLEMEN WIN GOVT LOST FARMERS LOST. MIDDLEMEN WILL BECOME RICHER AND RICHER FARMERS WILL BECOME POORER AND POORER.
Real problem is that BOOK. you know what I am talking about.
Vox news you are been fooled .. please check your facts.
JESUS IS COMMING PLEASE pray in the NAME OF LORD JESUS HE IS THE ONLY SAVIOR
Super chenal only  ndtv India  100 % right  baki sab god lye hove he sarkar ke
New apne pas rakhkho
I agree with your opinion. But opinion ko facts mat boliye please.
                 licence         ...     msp  legal  ...   business    fix price   ...   demand and supply   ....     high quality wheat  hi .. Price  fix  ....    fruits apple  bi     MSP  ......
Please make separate videos for hindi and english audiences. Mixing the languages is unprofessional (that's quite unlike your normal contents)
Bhut acchi video hain aur helpful bhi per ya toh pure Hindi use Karo ya English .. confused ho jati hu
Tata could soon take on Bezos & Ambani in epic E-Com fight; bringing in financial or strategic investors
one thing is for sure. 
i want eassay on mother
For people with more empathy,I urge them to read the 3 laws, what was before, and what is now? before commenting 
Dil sa thanks apna ya news ke converge ke
to  pacify  Nationalists .
after 2019 every year new drama start.
Hey newslaubdry guys...... i really appriciate ur errorts..... n i do believe we being responsible citizens need to join u as subscribers... yes i hv joined u as subscriber ............. n i do request to common people to pay for news, as what big news houses providing is not news at all.........  being responsible citizens we need to strengthen Newslaundry n paying for real news is well within most of common man......... cos brick by brick addition of newslaundry subscribers will make their voice so loud that will result into betterment of this nation....... i hope people understand that each addition of subscriber/supporter is going to be a brick for foundation of journalism, which is currently damaged...... so we need to do something today n in singularity our support to newslaundry may look insignificant  but if we look at this as bunch of bricks (support) its very much needed for strong foundation of journalism.......... n its needed more than ever before.......
Now the Indian government playing the Kashmir strategy by blocking mobile and internet service in the area of protest
Winter circus of Congress  goons!! But way of stone pelting is similar in Kashmir.
Victory of truth  over evil'. Modi
Human rights: the treatment of the peaceful protestors has turned into a Human rights violation. The BJP government has refused to grant repeal to the laws. They are simply outlining their usefulness. Article 19 of Indian constitution states freedom of speech and expression. 
These are not real farmers. They might hold lands and are landlord but they are more agents and middlemen and have practice to give their land on contract within local poor people to work on their field. These are more of landlords and Middlemen of Khalistan Suporters.
O-officials such as APMC agent , middle man , etc. make it difficult for small farmers to get benefit...
Do people in India get Corona virus? Doubt anyone gets it, but it's nut seeing how they are so populated and no one wears masks, yet in America I can't go no where
How to make best YouTube videos., YouTube channel.,& add background music, picture, title icon etc.?? Please make video about this topic 
someone give him a promotion
I asked because I am a student and doesn't have much idea about it.
Respect Ravish sir
BBC news is my favourite news  channel becauses All the Indian channels are bought by Indian Government. Indian channels don't  supporting truth. They only tell the news in the side of Government no matter  it is truth or fake. THANKS BBC NEWS FOR SHOWING TRUTH.KEEP IT UP.
Chatucar
Shekhar Gupta ji, i completely concur with you the idea of paying for good (and unbiased) news. However, please don't type cast all the people who live abroad as pizza eaters and Mc Donalds goers.
List is too long literally 
Fifty times yeh video dekha mainay...jio 100 saal beta with ur.maa baap....salute to all farmers 
This is nothing but arrogance..and No value for the opposition.
Farmers carry seeds and fertilizer . Farmers don't carry Swords, Iron rods, Stones . Only rioters and hooligans carry Swords, 
  Now Khongress lead by outsiders they dont have anything to take or 
Well done by farmers ..they know the laws better than any one relating to thier field...
Everybody was laughing.
Picture abhi baki hai...  the original farmers will come to know  the difference between both law.  Nice move by modi.
Murder case chlao ispe jail me dalo bjp ke choro
Congratulations to Farmers Solidarity against Modi and BJP . Next freedom for Kashmir and Khalistan!!!
This new policy will benifit both consumer n producer..  only cunning heartless middle will lost their lucrative business.. farmers are protesting because they are mislead by some selfish monger
Who is watching After Kissan Protest ?
*There are all gundas party in BJP. Still who votes for BJP is biggest gaddar of the country*
in short,                                                           
Happy Independence day 
Bill passed for all except Private IT employees who are losing jobs every minute..some at 30 some at 40 yrs of age,Under Pandemic its worst,,,
                           UN & INTERNATIONAL COURT OF JUSTICE 
Please handover India's resources, army command line, all intelligence agencies to pappu-babli-mamta-akhilesh gang.
2. The flag is not Khalistan flag it is Sikh community flag just like muslims flag ( green color with a moon and a star) which is similar to Pakistan flag but cannot say they a Pakistani that shows your
Shame on you Arnab..u will be reserved a special place in hell..u call urself a journalist ?
Perfect explainatio
We are here for relaxation
Rip to the 700 farmers who lost their lives ....and couldn't see this victory
I definitely love Print and have subscribed and will keep it subscribed... However, in case you go behind the wall (funded) how will I know... Probably, will read it as biases.
Finally laws repealed
Let him exercise his right of freedom of speech  n show him the facts n figures to understand this Bill better.
This is a circus, not a parliament.  Government want to just do away with the bills without any discussion, opposition is crying always even when the laws are taken aback. We all know BJP is not going to listen to Congress, then why to create a mess of the Parliament.
- ANI posting Govt version only
She missed the opportunity to add something new than just repeating Rahul. Anyway full support for justice .
You Sir are learned and know very well the irrigation demand of rice and wheat. If you artificially keep the prices of these commodities high, the repercussions will be felt in the coming years. High prices of these commodities will act as a deterrent for the farmers to rotate the crop cycle and you very well know sir how thirsty paddy and wheat crops are. It not only endangers our economy but also the ecosystem.
sabse corrupt party congress 
Right decision
Today is the historical day for all farmers.
I really truly appreciate that today you spoke about the real issues that WE Canadians are facing: rent; homelessness; housing crises; greedy and fucked up landlords; housing crises across Canadathe corrupt politicians are killing the needy, the poor, the homeless; the disabled; the retired; the war veterans of this landCanada is a human rights champion but it has failed its own people
It's the same case in millions of people.
"Step right up! Step right up! Go ahead and Spin the wheel to figure out who will be the next to experience the great sensation that's sweeping of protesting nations! "
I love the courage of farmers . Modi is shit . He has turned all the South Asian countries the mess .
And I learned one thing.
Police should have used a big force on these farmers, who are looking to have subsidies and damaging public properties. Without force they are  not able to listen and follow the rules. without education this is the results. Fighting and disobeying police, it is unacceptable.
Good presentation. Gvt must work with farm leaders to working on new laws ...input with all will help with new farm law. This is not a loss for modi...or win for farmers. Common sense won over.
Government back this bill. I support to farmers
Bola tha news mat dekh, aap log agar desh ka bhala chhate ho toh tv news ko unsubscribe kro. Dth operator ko bol do.
Please call it the Broker's and Congress protest. We love our farmers and the new laws will help them become richer.
AAP for nation 
World in under great threat  from Communism. First a non religion world, then an islamic world may be a  foreseeable future of the earth
Shocked by the video of DM. Being an ias officer it is not expected.
Aur road pe baitho ....
I just came here to read the comments
kick out Canadian ambassador from India.
These farmers have stood up to heartless neoliberal capitalism and won!
I think BJP will induct these laws State wise now..rather than centrally... that's a better solution...if punjab and haryana farmers doesn't want their betterment..leave them alone
Is it right to say that it is only the protest of farmers?  Are they fighting only for them?  Democracy always respected as it is for the people.
BANGAL WALA HAAL HOGA BJP KA .   UP GAYA INKE HAATH SE
Thank You very much !  microMan
THE REALITY BEHIND THE FARM LAWS
May God bless its people with unity and compassion
Maybe, in a few years time or even months  we might well see the No.1 crony capitalist of the present government becoming the richest person in the world on the one hand and on the other hand Indian farmers having difficulty in even making ends meet.
Human knowledge is only the experience of the past, tomorrow is only in the hands of the Lord....
Very well presented
More Power to you our BRAVOS 
*Article 19(3)*- Nothing in sub clause (b) of the said clause shall affect the operation of any existing law in so far as it imposes, or prevent the State from making any law imposing in the interests of the sovereignty and integrity of India or public order, reasonable restrictions on the exercise of the right conferred by the said clause.
Aaj tak is a reputed channel and they should not invite fool people like rakesh tikait , iski baato me koi logic nahi hota hai. Kisano ke liye govt kuch aacha kare to isko prob , aur nahi kare to bhi isko prob ..
Wah maza agaya! Jay Kisan! Police is for VIP protection??
Good they were beaten
Where are  human rights for everyone other than Uropean and their slaves.
Why aren't you carrying your mikes??
Canadian do not care what is happing in India we have our own problems to worry about . It's like this...... my house is burning down what do I care if my neighbors house is on fire too .....
BILL 3: Hoarding will result in controlling of prices, suppose there's a bumper crop production, due to the high level supply the price of the crop will reduce so the corporates who have huge facilities of storing these foods will hoard it, now when the supply is less and prices go up these companies won't buy due to obvious reasons, as it is costly for them thus the farmer will be facing difficulty in both situations. If there's a rule for msp for all the players in the market then I think it will reduce the uncertainty.
Well explained 
Bahut acche sir h aap Jo itni help karte ho
Sir you are the best
Very good detailed analysis and clarification
You knw... what is the major problem with the farm bills, No talk with Farmers side and now when there are some conflicts are coming from the farmers side, government try to modify it , sometime   on air, sometimes on paper & thats is good, but this makes this farms bils prepared in bits n pieces.  This issues will never come, if a core team of farmer involves in talk.. read the first lines
REVALING 3 FARM LAW NOW IS TO FOOL FARMERS TO SECURE UTTER PARADES ELECTION ,
They are imaginening that in future MSP will stop because of direct selling to corporates. I imagine that in future robots are farmers.
If Tikait have some confidence then why he is not fighting the election?
Ground infrastructure development and implement on field is necessary 
Sir you are absolutely right.
Tikait  congress haramkhor hai
Sir Jaibhim love dear sir
Nothing can do in this nation good for people unless there is party like Congress available
Welcome to Banana Republic of India
Love from Maharashtra 
As being a daughter of a middle class farmer , I think violence is not necessary and yeah we can solve it out but neither government and nor the farmers are ready to listen . I live in punjab also and yeah it's been months since this is happening but me and my family are not involving in this , we belive in talking and solving this problem so both , the people and government can be satisfied . Hope this fight will end soon with peace 
This BJP Woman must be send to school of basic decency to learn the ethics of debate but to expect decency from BJP spokes person is probably  foolish!!!!
Aar kisan terrorist h to law wapas q liya is gov  ne ye gov chor j
Why ur channel not flashing boycott Jio?
Very detailed explanation.Thank u
thanks for the initiative, this really helpful..
Thank you so much sir.
Stop giving any help to farmer, they dont pay any taxes.  Look at them,  all their leader look millionnaire
#islam free india
Just accept and say this was your failed policy!! You cant  win by making farmers unhappy!!
This could be due to Quint getting investment from China.
All these dramas are fine for haryana people but when will we Sikhs become brave enough to admit the truth that our Gurughar our home is not Indian Punjab, and that we belong to Lahore in Pakistan, which is the kingdom of Maharaja Ranjit Singh, who was our forefather known as the Lion of Punjab (SHER-E-PUNJAB). Nankana is the birthplace of Guru Nanak the founder of Sikhism. So, for how long will our homeland keep calling us??? Come on brave brothers let us move back home to Lahore, Pakistan. Forget India. Lets go OUR REAL, HISTORICAL, GURU-GRANTED HOME: LAHORE, PAKISTAN. RAJ KAREGA KHALSA. I repeat, brave Sikh brothers, let us never forget that the real home of Sikhs granted by our Guru and the capital of sher-e punjab is Lahore and not India. Indian Punjab belongs to Punjabi, Bihari, Madrasi and all Indians but Lahore belongs to Sikhs alone.
Right now Good Sir
Simply superb
For what reason u supporting them.?
How u know assam so nicely?
fought on POK & Jammu, created Fake companies and Looted indian 
#1: what is the formula to calculate MSP? If they are not even getting MSP then why you think they still produce agree products? 
Just like protectionism destroyed Indian manufacturing (take example of WB and Kerela. Too much of protection literally protected the people from "evil MNCs" by making them unemployed). Now without any reform agriculture will turn into sink for tax money without adding any benefit to the country or the people (i.e water table depletion, stubble burning, desertification, etc). India's rank will keep falling in hunger index and we will keep wasting more and more food (currently 40%).
Shame on modi BJP
Pdf please
BJP = Congress. 
*Make realistic budget estimates, ministries told over unused funds issue; 4.72Lakh Cr unspent in 2019*
Chutiye log hai jo unhe bhagwaan mante hai ,,,,,, that guy nailed it.
year 2020, No 10+;   
eK PATTAALKAAR PATTAL CHATNE K  LIYE TQABLE PER BAITHA HUVA H ,DEKHO KITNE PYAARE SAWAAL POOCH RAHA H .KISI K CHEHRE PERR KOI BHAAV AISE NHI AA RAHE K PATTALKAAR KOI ULTA SAWAAL NA DAAG DE POORA MAHUAL FRIENDLY H WAH YEH H PATRAKARITA SACCHHI ,KAHAN SE AATE H AISE LOG
That's the reason why india is poor n filthy n will remain..
Don't worry we are with you. From Pakistan.
BJ Party sucks.
Now wait for all those godi supporters to call farmers Khalistani terrorists 
Big loss to farmers...but also end of all hope for opposition to win ..
And when the time comes, I should die fighting heroically on the field of battle ||231||
Thank you lallantop for  this Documentry
Tomat befooling
Why does it feel as if they themselves want to die? Weren't they are the ones committing suicides because of the exploitation committed by middle men.
I duno why but I hate Mamata's face 
 80% farmers own only less than 2 hectres /5 acre land.
These people are terrist
end of democracy in india
There are only a handful of congress MPs in the Lok Sabha and these handful of people are creating such ruckus. I wonder how our parents and grandparents let such people rule our country.
Farmers won true
He is a biggest liar!
Looks like tory Britain in 10 years.
Election news Uttar Pradesh, Punjab other states
Arnab Goswami please comment bhi read kiya kro.
The Farm Bills will help farmers & consumers.
Republic TV is a joke, Farmers got massacred first, and Republic TV won't show that but whole world seen it.
What a shame..
Chor Looteri SCAMGRESS paying to Loot in the name of Farmers
this is resistance against neo liberalism .farmers of india leading  in agriculture.
Mudi is protest ko dolna chata hain.
3:22 to agar price bad gya to wo bhi bta na
finally got a simple explanation of the bills thanks to u bro keep it up
Han sarkar ko apni facility acchi krni chahiye.. Wrna to private sector wale farmers ko exploite krte  h Or krte rehenge.. Fix price hone chahiye aanaj ke Chahe govt ho ya private  sector
See now in future,
HINDUSTANION KO JITNA SMJHA LO SIR YE NHI SUNNENGE                  YE BIL CONGRESS BHI LAANA CHAHTI THI  PR DALLALON KI GUBNDAGARDI   POLITICISED HAI
Shameful...pathetic
Sir Gujarat ke farmer and PepsiCo wla case ko bhe smjhae
God bless 
True is strictly prohibited for anyone who wants to do it
in short: 
Welcome to UP>North Korea
3. Making farmers suffer
Only farmers can unite us again..irrespective of religion...
For India, they have put a mobile phone reporter 
NDTV has some of the best news reporters and she is one of them...
Very nice news 
Hindaun. City
Doesn't explain a thing. No why's. Just bad journalism standards. Explain the issue, side by side and tell why is an unlicenced trader is an issue? This is not a stock exchange trading. The product is sold as a business. Farmer will sell to the highest bidder. What the bill is, what is the fear is, and then the best case and worst case scenarios.  Thanks
Farmers Angels ,corporates Devil's.
Modi, yogi, amit shah have criminals record.
Humko search kar rahe the pata nahin aur channel ko dikhte Hain YouTube galat hai
Who will save us from BJP?
Farmers will never forgive MODI for centuries for what he did to them in the last one year.
Corona ke cases mein bharat vishva guru bnne wala h 
    nd TV            no1       
Congress ka  the End  hone  wala hai
Tika. Can not be called Indian National and he is defaming India
Chairman of CACP
He is provoking to do so...
Stand with farmers. They bring food on our tables and also all over world. Stop the violence. Love from Nepal 
Ground level per muzzafarnagar aur bagpat tak simta hui panchayat hai, han other state se bheed bula kr election per fark nahi pdega
Their contribution to green revolution is their agricultural policy. 
Thank you, sir. please keep uploading such topics. Also U haven's show us the government's point of view to neglect farmer's demands.
No need to fire pellet guns or water cannon. Just shoot at spot when they commit any crime. They are not farmers, they are anti nationals. I stand with Delhi police. They are not farmers. They are wolves in dress of sheeps.
Only RLD+ SP
Biased people disguising as neutral one.. Fuck the Irony...
It is very clear that respect the all MP decision  ( those are elected by the people of India favour of people of India ).
_China's Xi Jinping Warns Davos World Economic Forum Against 'New Cold War'; will always end up harming every nation's interests and sacrificing people's welfare_
BJP gonna pay the price soon
56" chest wala JOKER
Now Sikh community votes are for BJP . Good political tactics.
they will strangulate every city.  gand mein dum hain to kuch karo? ek saal hogya.. maharaja modi sitting in his palace, saying nothing doing nothing.
Yogi ji should take action in that people who support Taliban and lodge the case under uapa
Killing yourself is your choice.
Tell me only one thing! Just one!  What and why in the world, Punjabi "farmers" were doing and protesting on Cowbelt UP soil?!
Bhai aap itne complicated topics ko itna acche se smjhate ho ki sare cheeze clear ho jati h ....history me hume kaafi zyada imprtnt dates bht easily yaad ho jati h ..lekin ye ese peasants move movements ka background hi cleae nhi hota tha... Aaj awadh kisan movement..bardoli satyagraha or pabna agrarian ye sab aapke channel prr hi clear hua....bht accha krr rhe ho
Khalisthani and political party used farmers back to unstablize situations.
His many UK people would give a bed to an Afghan fleeing their country till it's safe for them to return...
Thanks to Modi ji for withdrawing agriculture
He fails to mention how Modi has created HUGE sectarianism in the country
Political tourism of pappu and pinki start
Good support Keep it up
Salute you India is with you
Farmers have won bless them 700 have died and now on our Guru Nanakji gurprab modi as done a u turn asking the farmers to go back home but farmers will stay until they get in black and white 
Give msp in return...
I support with u sir
*Saluting Farmers Who've Made India Self-reliant': Before R-Day Tractor Rally, Prez Kovind's Tribute to Crop Growers; 3-Layer Security in Sec 38, Cops on Delhi Jaipur E-way: Amid Farmers' Rally on R-Day, Gurugram on Alert; Famers may veer away from planned route*
All the farm laws has been instructed to be repealed . Only the leagal procedures in INDIAN  parliament is due.
Can some explain why the farm was bad bill
This is very knowledgeble video.
Why isn't anyone talking about this issue anymore?
Because of the election he cancelled wao
Standing with them totally. They still have balls, and don't just let higher forces eradicate them, their humanity. We have to be proud of them, and we have to follow them globally. Because this is not just about India, this is about the whole humanity as a race.
Reet scam dotasra bord leak gang center book nkl out merit join sb fixing pre set,reet ki janch ho, post bdhe, sbhi passed ke re exam ho, nyay exam vaps krane me h, sbhi snvida panchayat sahayak niymit ho, snvida krmiyon ko apply exam joining priority mile , sanjivani aadrsh credit co oprative society me jma dhan rs logo ko vaps jld mile. Lutasra,,,, reet re exam , sbhi passed ke Selective exam vaps ho, sanvida karmik ko priority mile, reet as patarata esi exm me, where is govt? Where is justice?,,,,, reet re exam esi sal Or final exm must need of justice,,ek exm Or ho,
How can it be banned under UAPA act??
Just checked up these are "John Deere 5310 Perma Clutch Tractors", Starting at 9 ~ 10 Lakhs.
Appeal to all the farmers to plz continue your protest and ask PM Modi to bring petrol and diesel under GST.
Terry
Chal httt
who are the BIG corp players - BILL GATES BIG CORP is not BIG - its small. only a few people would benefit from these acts. THEY would not be INdia peoples - they would be RICH billionaire WHITE MEN.
And it will work that way as long as there is Capitalism.
Indra ka sihaasan dagmagata h toh wo insecure feel krta h.. ye insecurity h inki
Mostly we are taken along the RSS propaganda that this man will do this will do that which are completely false because what he is up to they certainly don't know and they woven many false but good dreams for which he is not at all interested 
Islam is a religion of peace
Even Australia Had similar reforms and protets and India too ncie India great Way ahead. They are stopping stubborn burning Majority of farmers want those laws only farms from Punjab and haryana are doing because they are richer than otehr south indian farmers which makes them earn a bit less or make less profit ratehr than good Income than now.
Bought him..for.... These ki dofState leaders in all states have been bought by Bjp
1)CBI, ED, ITO, EC, EVM, SC, NCB, POLICE           ..
He is more educated than our Joker PM and HM......who can't even pronounce correctly 1 or 2 words in whole speech.
give with india, they tied up hands with all those who are in for it, 
Indian Provinces should have more powers than the central government for India to stabilize politically. 
Madam its not interesting.
Thanks f
Kudos to you Shekar Gupta, fr an unbiased reporting like all true reporting shld be. I am going in yr support and plan to subscribe to Print.
Genetic breeding explaination Will be appreciated
Abp news   thumbnail dekho sarcastic sarcasm se bhre ha kisan virodhi abp aaj zee news india tv
Why likes and dislikes cannot be seen
The man representing the farmers made very valid points but didnt go out of his was to justify the mobs anger and actions, rightly so. He was also quick to point out that the violence had nothing to do with the farmers movement but an act of agression in response to agression. He's a well read educated man. 
This is chatukarita.
3) How come so called supporters from Canada, Germany, Italy.. where a number of Khalistanis live, actively funded by Pakistan's ISI, were barking their head off about matters they have no business to talk about? They are not even Indians! Maybe these farmers have one family member as a Khalistani & ISI agent also?
Where exactly in the video he says "Ashish Mishra was present" ?
If this was done to Bhakts they would cry for years. Can't wait for day when they have to protest for something and get same treatment from the police. Everything is fake for Bhakts, farmers are fake, protest is fake, unemployment is fake, falling gdp is fake. Even the blood coming out of farmers head is fake.
WoW ! 26 January incident could have avoided!
Farmers are our back bone and bread winners. God save them from these devilish PM and it's ministers.
Delhi needs to be afraid of RSS BJP HINDUTVAstani Gundas like in Lakheem Pur and Haryanas Lhattar and NOT Kisan!!!!
All UP people are requested pls do support and vote only BJP if u want to safe
Thank you so much VOX!!!! Kisses and love from India.
They are not farmers they r very aggressive politicians.. innocent farmers are in their homes..
khne se kuch nahi hoga orally to bhut kuch khte h
Bad Government...
Police or government must obey high court decision, they gave permission to rally but fucking modi And amitshaw why did you block the road with vechiles?????  Barriercades??  Today you can block  the internet  everybody have vedio evident it will reveal the truth soon.....
Also Congress when not in power n govt passes the bill tht benefits citizens no it's a dead warrant for the citizens 
If people can forget the misdeeds of BJP  so easily, even god can't save our country. Rakesh Tikaiat is always a suspect. Raja achieved his goal, only Rajmahal is pending, being constructed on war footing. He doesn't care for anything else.
JAB TAK TODEGE NAHI TAB TAK CHHODEGE NAHI JAY JAWAN JAY KISAN.
MSP Required sir.
Aak thooo
Where was RSS when it was freedom movement going in India .u al were pet of Britisher..
*Swarajya has 0 knowledge of farm bills*
Bandar k hath main matches....
During life, what is your achievement and what you give this country except to negativity.
You explained good but let me tell you if you want to make kisaan understand than you need to use very simple language and hindi terms.. may be that way you can make them understand.. take this as a feedback..
Even after the Tuticorn massacre of innocent civilians by corporate goons, Jaggi still supported the corporations and went against the interests of people there.
We support farmer 
You are forgetting West Bengal election. 
The only reason behind this decision is election..
You guys are saying all bullshit. Farmers were asking to discuss about these bills clearly from past few months but our illiterate PM dont want to discuss. Is they left with anything else except this.
This is only expected behaviour on the part of the BJP and their mouthpieces the speaker or dy speaker. I use the word mouthpiece deliberately. I know they are supposed to be neutral. Presiding officers in both houses, a Supreme Court which largely shies away from putting the government on the mat when required, manipulating election commissioners --- They have done it all. They believe in the tyranny of the 62 by their 38. They have this huge majority but only 38 vote share and that too because of large contributions from a few states.
tumhe toh boycott kiya hai kisaano ne nakli channel sold out channel lodu
I hope those dumb protestors watch this video, seriously
Never mess with jatt
Please Isme Jo Ap ne Word use kiye Ki Law and Order maintain karne Wale Ki Galti hai 
Thnqq really helpful in conceived way
Respect farmers if you eat food daily you fools
even i can indentify this corrupt man mishra in this video.
Very good information
"We will go further, we will attack, we will win!"
Ban EVM Save Nation
2Q -2 only 
They are doing as British courts were doing to mahatma gandhi andolans.
Jooth bolda ehe
Gupta ji, at the end of day, it is the farmers who have to believe .... Not cut the clutter, not pm modi .... Hubris certainly is stupid!
There are also some BJP party workers died...
Plz sir PDO  Subject class madi
Good. The hundreds of farmers who died for this will not be forgotten. Modi is still a villain though. That won't be forgotten either.
Very good documentary and what a  starting.  Lallantop  done  great work.
Opposition has no substance so they shout! 
Love from haryana
Farmers Bill is not restricting the rights of the farmers. It is indeed helping farmers to sell their goods whom they wish to.
But they got nowhere, the laws have been taken back hamri kisanon ki huvi jeet
Dharna is now using for effecting election ............
BJP should do these things before passing any bill 
Human being Eating Food from the Nature!
Such bloody cowards
& he too pledged  to bring them home!
We Support Farmers & people like you as well we need the politicians more like you
Immigrants in canada are protesting against farm bill in india, which are not inforce. And the supreme government is baffelled, against and what all these people in farmers garb are protesting for? And they have killed 8 people to keep the flames burning.
Roll the dice.
Only when these masses get infected with covid + yellow fungus + black fungus + white fungus + lung failures and dead bodies pile up, only then they will realise with empty villages. Too late to teach anything to a fanatical and frenzied people.
so happy for them 
sujata didn't know farmers died becoz of ministers son shame sujata
Islam is evil 
Add subtitles for hindi
Information .
This is the most corrupted channel which brainwashes people and spread unnecessary fear for votes.
News Loundery*
They even cut policemans hand during lockdown ....
Happy Independence Day  mam
If the discussion is in Hindi.. mention in the caption ..why do you put English captain for Hindi interview. 
In Punjab Free electricity should , also , be given to Physically Handicapped as is given to Farmers , Dalits and OBC S.
Only six...or mrne chahihe tha..kya hogaya hai bharat ko..politicians ka ghar jala deta  to thik tha
Why don't they just add MSP in the clause so wherever crops are traded farmers will yield X amount.  Farmers are happy and India can still progress with open market and new avenue of trades like lawmakers claim.  Unless all this is just a facade to align with major corporations!
His body language. Doesn't seem happy
No march will be ran. It will be huge flop and the fake Agitation will be deteriorated.
That's a good news
Ruling party and Opposition are in same Boat..all are Bustard..
Farmers have not allowed any political parties on their stage. They want it to remain a TOTALLY Kisan Andholan - esp.since ALL political parties have pretty much done nothing for them.
SHAME ON YOU BJP....& POLICE
Interesting there was no discussion with farmer. Not even tikat consulted before taking step. Simple made tikat irrelevant in one day
Isne bola tikait ki thi hahaha      This politics is so bad.      I dint trust anyone
Delhi police should be prepared because their intentions are always to destroy public places & take revenge in any of the form.
Congratulations to all and  the journalists who have been supporting them
He speaks lie in every language 
Sad YouTube doesn't have a love button!
Shame on you guys! Killing innocent farmers  A person who feeds the whole nation .. Shame On BJP
Why India under is 800 year colonial rule because of our own people ,this farm law is the prime example
Great job. I enjoyed watching your video. The concept you bring is great is dominant and is helpful.
2. Arrest the union leaders and suppress the protest by lack of leadership
Great interview and information 
Hopefully rally goes peacefully. Happy republic day.
If you put your state in the arms of a SANYASI, he will make your entire state like a SANYASI.
don't worry. after all it's one nation. they are one of us. If they 
Very  bad   handling  of  the  farmer's  by  UP  GOVT . VERY  BAD .
I think government should gave this video to news channel to solve dispute instead of hate debates which aggregating the situation.
You're news is half truth,  and half  truth is dangerous and destructive.  You people need to do your homework.
When Delhi peoples get free electricty /water free transport and free education and free hospitalization and so many freebies why not other states getting the same facility.
Thoroughly explained as per existing scenarios and Everyone must watch it. 
he is still not admitting his govt's mistakes.
Good explanation ! To understand farm bill also listen to P. Sainath on youtube.. He says Farm Bill is the corporate hijack of India 
250 million Where?
It should not be SG to speak on this subject, but person like Sainath who knows truths.
TAKE BACK FARM LAWS AND THEN REPAIR HIGHWAY ... SIMPLE
So CONGRESS = FARMERS !!!
Very barbarism against farmer and Labour as both come under new labour law and total control agenda of new Metternich2.0 of2020 ,when contract farming is propagated in developing countries then farmer is consider as labour only and all Labour laws and criminal acts will applies on both easily hence the common man, only filmstars, media, religious authority, and ministers are the exception and will feed on the hard work and labour of common public, this will be proved as end of democracy system in next five years only, this will not be a proven system as it only a devil's rule over humanity not liked by nature and against the law of Nature and harmony of mankind specialy poor and weakers, very sad
Just disgusted that 6% of farmers corner Rs. 2 lakh crore of funds (pls read budget documents under Ministry of Food Procurement and Distribution before shitting in the comments) And everyone will celebrate how their tax money is being wasted. Literally I feel like iss desh ka kuch nahi ho sakta because you all only sit with half baked knowledge and support people who want to create economic losses and public nuisance #NOTMYANNADATA. Does the media DARE to interview farmers who don't get benefit of MSP? No because it doesnt fit in to their narrative. Shameful. And in return for this decision, criminals took over Red Fort on 26th January. You are not annadatas. You are criminals looting the country and sucking Punjab's groundwater dry. The joke is on you all but. In 2039, Punjab will run out of groundwater. Then who will you blame for YOUR mistakes? Shame on so called farmers.
Is Jagan capable to CM
Just want to see so many people were there, still the driver escaped? When supporters are saying there is son of Mantri then Mantri is declining it? WHERE IS THE TRUTH ! In any case car speeding over humanity is not allowed !!!
Solution to this problem lies in increasing more & more control of farmer over Market Chain of middlemen from Farmer to consumer or cutting it.
Farmers Producer Organisation (FPOs) of minimum 500 farmers to be formed ( Central Govt has target of 10000 FPOs) - FPOs to be formed by engaging 2-3 Villages of Same Panchayat (in. Rajasthan) of nearby Panchayat (in Haryana).- All farmers should have same shareholding and no licensed traders should be made member of FPOs.
Black day..... NOT REPUBLIC DAY.... 1 FARMER DIED
Ghatna  ???????? Its murder
Those are the biggest enemy who shut their mouth against cruelity tana shahi. Are you the one?
Punjab and Haryana want the monoply to continue so they can keep getting the money whilst the rest of the farmers die.
HE IS REGID 
2. Judicial intervention ( farmer tribunal)
Wake up people and save democracy!!  Save people if I do a from Catastrophy that is the making!!!
Brother Akash Banerjee  , i myself living in London  UK.. all my life and I assure you that you are  percent right about everything and surprisingly.. an other Indian YouTuber BOOTA BATA said the same thing as well.
I only know farming is not easy... What ever you want to grow...
those who really wants to know what farm bill is all about,go & watch drishti IAS video over farm bill ,because it is not that easy that u covered everything  in    just  15 min. and this dude digest  first 4 min in doing bakchodi only!! it means he explain whole farm bill in less than 10 min ..wow DUDE
Comedy show
One of the worst, mean and shameless media channels . Why to complain about Republic. There are 4.6 Million subscribers. Until there are people watching and believing them like fools, this drama and falsehood will go on. Hoping at least some people realize this and unsubscribe them.
After Lok sabha election speech till now when was he talk about Unemployment , Economic growth and development. Only Hindi and Muslim main Topic and media too
Nice Explanation
Why was this protest 2 years ago??. What's the reason ..????
Target to hindu h jay shree ram 
favour of India(Might not be 100% but atleast they are not with this 
Madam I have only two requests about any video of this channel :
I don't trust my prime minister.....
Meanwhile proud to be an Indian 
People knew that these andollanjivi Will not be able to close that andolan. Because modiji failed very badly now this is the right time to pick up jhola band move back by to Himalaya  and let yogiji handle the andollanjivi h we is real saint and he knows how to use shaster and shaaster
MODIJIKO SAHI DESHPREMI BANAAYE HE UPARVAALE JIVIT ISHAVAR PRABHU YESHUPITAA SATGURUDEV
Abp news fake news chennal
Kyon bevkuf banate ho bhai
It s a real republic day
They demand Atmanirbhar Bharat but they boycott Jio & Switch to Airtel.
NOW the Govt is trying to break the Farmers and ultimately THIS GOVT will force the entire nation to SLAVERY. ..to be at the MERCY of MODI...DEMOCRACY will go to the DUST BIN.
Note:- This message foward to your friend and reletive sayed Or kisi ka pisa na phase is fraud company me Invest mat karna..
He is right also bcos process need to follow to remove krishi bill
At least, to strike a compromise, Govt. need to have a seperate agency to act as a business resource center for the farmers in each state that they can go to; to give them business guidance, teach them business & negotiating skills etc.  
They are not farmers .. they are truly inspired political people's.. so government should ignore not to listen these fellow
Arnab are you apologizing too? Remember the various programmes you did on farmers, Sushant. Hope you do? You are losing TRP , you are royally exposed...of course your watsapp chat are there. KARMA.
I respect the Chairman of Rajyasabha and Deputy Speaker, But he has allowed and facilitated  parliamentary democracy to be Murdered  at both instances passing and repealed of Farm Laws... Better to resign than to follow orders...
This is insane how did no one is responding on him take padma shri from him
Money through NGOs, Encouraged Dawood, Drugs and used Bollywood to 
Worst than vietnam . So so  embarrassing to the world
Sir Your point of view is very good....Good analysis..Thank you Sir
SAR PHOADNE WAALO KE BHI SAR PHODEGI JANTA AGAR ANYAAY BANDH NA HUE! CASE AGAINST OFFICER MUST BE REGISTERED!
Idiots will suffer. Our Great PM is be the greatest Global Citizen and Greatest World Leader of all times.
2.)AUR KISAN PRESHAN KYO HO RAHE HAIN WO APMC'S KE BAHAR NAHI JANA CHAHTE TO NA JAYEIN.. KYONKI NA TO MSP BAND HO RAHA HAI AUR NA HI APMC'S..
Congrats indian farmers
Govt employees doesn't require to know loopholes and problems of this as they just need to do Ok sir in front of illiterate ministers.
I feel pity for the Haryana Police , as , they have to work so hard everyday , for protecting the MPs , MLA,s and Ministers . Most of the farmers may be related to them .
We Want Justice For Lakhimpur Kheri Farmers
  Parliament is just like an algorithm everything is pre decided ..a match pre fixed .. discussion make us wise and citizens can also know and update themselves
Support to farmers and sikh brothers... God bless you.
We don't care what dirty politics CPI and Congy plays on farm bill. Country knows the govt passed bill in favour of small and marginal farmers to make profit to sell outside APMC mandis. Till date middle man has minted money. We support center on farm bill 2020.
AAP BEST HO NO 1HO ALWAYS ARNAB JI
Like his father, this Rakesh Tikaith is a big Lier and a stooch to Congress and SP
ORDERS CAME FROM ABOVE MEANS FEKU / THADIPAR   COMBINE . 
I do not see how the West can recognize a government formed by the Taliban, who broke the withdrawal agreement by refusing to form an inclusive government and instead want to impose a superstitious totalitarian theocracy. Such a Taliban government will be illigitimate.
Sadbudhi to abhi bhi nahi ayee. What about DM who ordered to broke head of kishan
Why is no one asking eyewitnesses that why they saw 'tamasha' of killing reporter and bjp volunteers ,did nothing to help or themselves indulged in beating them to death like most farmers as seen in the video,and question of wearing bhindravale shirt
Just they are showing farmers side nd captioned congress workers shameless media sold out even they removed dislike button use my like button as dislike button
Modi working for Ambani family
7pc kvp teacher salary 1.5 lakh
Next time may any trade, business related bills may be implement after discussion with associations and producers and not in hasty way.
Bjp are killing democracy by bringing laws with out discussion, buying elected MP&MLA from other parties to make governments (syndia & trators in madhpardesh). Vote ki chot, no vote for bjp. Farmers need MSP garntee law on 23 fassals. Indian from UK
ISI is involved......
Nazism Reborn,No?
Wow thats the only thing we need now.
My appeal  to the agitators  is that create some  concrete movement and not just sitting some where for months together.
Not even critical of govt. On any point.
2:01 not expecting this from farmers.....they are not patriots....shame on them
Wow 4 farmers and other 4 they were aliens? My god, this country don't have media... They have sold everything
Just go and meet Hardworking farmers Mr Manish and understand the facts than talk. Sitting in AC studio how u can understand their problem. I respect u, but today u  change it. Never forget -   Jai Jawan Jai Kissan  !
The SC has to deliver its verdict as soon as possible. It can CAN NOT KEEP  its judgment PENDING for years and blame the farmers for the inefficiency of the government. The SC should become more active and efficient in its functionality.
Who is this stupid anchor who supports Vir Das saying Women are worshiped in the day and gang raped at night ?? Vir Das is a struggler without moral sense and love for his country. He uttered bullshit anf wrong facts about India. You liberandu and anti Indians will not understand.
Flop show
There shall be no more sickness.
     .   .    cnbc   business    .
From his point of view, the talk is ok; but it leads to no where. It is direction less!!! 
Power of democracy
..sack new bill
There taxes not run the country Kisan run the country 
RAKESH TEKAIT IS ONE OF THE LEGEND...
First these so called farmers  should be asked to pay 1000 crore rupees for the loss of rconomy due to dharna pradarshana at different borders
I dont like bad khattar nd haryana  police is also very bad nd shamless guys in police, they dont care about  farmers , now election are near so plz give ur vote to best nd kind heart person, who save our country
I'm waiting for your stand on farmer bill
India's Prime Minister Adani and Home Minister Ambani must drown
These are no farmers. They are the same middlemen who has caused farmer poverty in the first place. These middle men are politically motivated and must be crushed at all costs.
2. Change route arbitrarily.
Now is repel frams bill
Neither when government paste 3 black laws of farming nor when rollback government sideline farmers in other words de dignified farmers 
Yes they deserve it
Reports chi
Mai UPSC Karne Wala tha But Aab nahi karunga muje lagta hai aab UPSC means Servant of Politics Leaders not considered employees of Government or not known as a Servant of Public .
Bjp Jat know kisan know nahi divided policy
Responsible for 2 wave
it is  defeat of democracy, PM bent down on good law. Country will go backwards. Agree to demands of farmers is nonsense. Now it open doors for other agenda. Tax payers are the big looser , future of every tax payer and future children will pay the price. Govt backdown due to election which means it is all about politicians own future not the nation. Reforms are needed to stay along the test of world.
the mughal rule was better than this govt.
India is made of farmers, not just punjab, all states of india is run my hardwork of farmers who give us food but please stop hate towards other Indians who are not from punjab
These laws with a few changes made in the interest of farmers as is their demand can be revolutionary and can bring an end to these protests but currently they're more deadly than anything in a long run, both for consumers and farmers.
Farmers??? 
New bill is good for agricultural growth..... No worries... People of  political opponents creating mayhem.... To locate lay-farming into trouble..... people like Dmk, Tmc,SAD are yielding.... To political advantage..... Very good bill for Reform.....it good for Indian agriculture.... I am Agriculturist....in Pollachi, Coimbatore
What a democracy by Modi and Amit Shah
Modi sala chor he "
Come on where are the preachers with their Bible held high TO PROTECT THEM.
Poor farmers got shadow of bad politics like Congress, aap, all opposite parties
Thank you so much....
Thank You Sir & Team Drishti
Great video bro
Hindustan may home minister? Priyanka saying state in behind oh brother!!!!
Beant singh was forgetten. Dalet MArtyrs are never remebers. These people are disgusting
Muslims should be CAREFUL -- and should VOTE UNITEDLY and WITH THEIR BRAINS --- For example --- a constituency where Muslims are 20% 30% or even 40% -- the possibility of a Muslim candidate getting elected is very high --- but what happens --- Congress fields a Muslim candidate --SP fields a Muslim candidate ---BSP fields a Muslim candidate -- RLD fields a Muslim candidate --MIM fields a Muslim candidate ---while -- BJP fields a Hindu candidate --- So the Muslim Votes gets divided --- So BJP wins with Hindu Candidate in a Muslim area very easily ---- Maybe the Secular Parties are deliberately doing this to HELP BJP ---- and WEAKEN MUSLIMS POLITICALLY --- Therefore Muslims should focus on One single Party only --- Voting for MIM Owaisi is a GOOD OPTION for a change --- where where Muslims are 20% 30% or even 40% ---- A B Quadri --- India
simply waste of time y they are protesting when it is already suspended for 2yrs..... lol...
Be united farmers ,without you there is no food...center isn't realising,they are heartless...
Thanks to all those supported farmers protest
Taliban government v ehna to vadia shame on you haryana gov
Bjp inspired from SALMAN KHAN
People who are protesting are misled farmers and the people who are beneficiaries of mandis. International media making it a propaganda to fit the narrative. Do not believe in this news channels. Google for more info.
Govt need to curb the spread of fake news, people will try to take advantage after kheri incident, and if this news is found to be fake then NDTV should be made accountable
U Indians love to talk about Islam, you must love us. All you do is talk about us.
Car smashed into counter-protesters by White Nationalists in Charlotsville, USA (2017)
If msp is given legal backing it would mean that no one can procure below msp.
attacking farmers with teargas and water cannons in such cold weather. Protesting is a basic right in a democracy. shame on BJP.
he explained it excellently i hope every coward protesting could understand this video
5:18 best reply 
Their products according to their wish.
We only import 3% almonds frm Afghanistan & 81% is frm USA.
Farmers laws already repealed , now polictics going on
She is not guilty, read the indian history at firstly
It about time fake farmers get what they deserve.
Wow,  now this one. we. are at the end of democracy!! Wake up at least now Indians
No. of dislikes say it all
Victory of the peasants and working class
This is pathetic for 
After killing 600 farmers he is sorry 
This people don't belong to india if they are hindu they want do this what a shameless people
During lockdown Punjab n Haryana has supplied foodgrains to whole country...appx. 75% foodgrains these two states cater..overthat hike in diesel and electricity has made the poor farmers more vulnerable. Poor farmers are not tech savvy to sell their produce...if govt helps them then it may become easy...
Atul pradhan surely win
Boycottcongrees Boycottchiana itemes please follow up with you and your family and friends within
KUCH BHI NAHI HOGA , SAB CHOOT JAAYENGE , CHOTI-CHOTI BAAT PE RONE WALA MODI , 8 KISAANON KI SHAHADAT/HATTYA PE NAHIN ROYA BALKI , POORI RSS/BJP KO KISAANON KE HATTYARE  AASHEESH MISHRA KO BACHANE ME LAGA DIYA. SABKO APNE PRAAN PYARE HOTE HAIN SUPREME COURT ME BHI INSAAN HI HOTE HAI AUR POORE BHARAT KO PATA HAI KI JUSTICE LOYA, AUR NA JAANE KITNE.  IS, IPS, IAS ADHIKARIYON KE SAATH KYA HUA ? 
Why do u support congress?
Pls tell ur life story sir
This decision
Joy hind
After literally KILLING hundreds of farmers with arrogance and evil Laws, PM has relented, using a religious feast as his pretence at appearing religious, to repeal Farm Laws, in the hope that BJP will not lose elections!  Hope the Nation wakes up, and teaches this Party a lesson they deservethey lose ALL future elections!
Proud of our farmers!!!
God blessed you
Kisan my foot, these are cancer of this country in the name of Kisan, asli Kisan khetho ma haya tho paisa lekar free ma langar khana bhaita ha.
This Fucking goons ar separatists not a farmers
Farmers needs to be more cooperative with present society needs and they should produce more other crops to meet countries needs. Not unwanted wheat and paddy and demanding MSP price, free electricity, water which are coming from taxpayers money. 
Shame on indian government. The idiotic government is very silent on this issue just to show their gratitude to Ambani And Adani.
Thanks for the explanation..
Kisaan emotional is very high like it called rastvaad
sad to see farmers struggling alone
i just want to say dhruv rathee u r doing a great work bro but this is all planned way years a ago i am telling all the people untill and unless whole indian people dont protest and boycott bjp till then u cant stop this party
Sikh khalsa play in name of kissan has no empathy for others. This nonsense must stop by any means.
Lets be honest, that shithead officer wont face any actions. He is just another pawn of BJP govt. 
Use those pellet guns you use in kashmir
India  will be fine after modis departure and the whole World  will be fine after the destination of Hindus
How unprofessional is it to leave your phone ringing continuously in between an interview.
why they on Roads and tracks, personal safety is priority for all, Mob just don't get the point.
Guys is this official channel or someone else promoting ?
Why problem is only for Punjab and Haryana farmers, why do they want the legacy system which is really not efficient....
Bakwas channel...
The problem is that in most cases MSP is the highest price farmers can get. Bihar does not have APMC act, see the condition of Bihar's farmer... working as a labor in another state. Maharashtra does not have... farmer suicide in Maharashtra is common. In India, leaders only think about consumers, not about farmers. When production increases, cost of the potato, onion etc becomes very low...govt will not interfere. When the opposite happens, govt will stop export, reduce import duty to check the cost. In both cases, farmers are the only sufferer. Why these farm laws do not fix the minimum support price? They want to allow private entities, why they are not saying that private entities will not be able to buy the product below the minimum support price? Why they are allowing private entities to stock the farming product? They want that agriculture has to follow the market rules... fine... why do they stop export and reduce import duty when the cost of rice, potato,es etc starts to rise? That's also a market rule. Govt will control the market when they feel that consumers will suffer. However, they do not care about farmers. If govt wants to control and regularize the market, they have to give farmers minimum support price.
"Anti -Indians have won like crazy"
Lots of respect to you guys.first time I Have  watched a content on this issue that shows the real  Groundwork behind it.
We dont get food  one time for a day if we contineu the farming in india. As a farmer from  india
Congratulations to Cong leaders, for bringing the issue of the farmers death in lakshmipur to the President. Let's hope good wisdom prevail. 
Send our wishes to them ..
Real warriors
You are just YouTube. But keep yourself in kirsaan shoes. Than you relished how to hard to work Im filled.please understand farmers problem with this 3 laws than you feel good.
India should stop trade to Afghanistan. Because India still says Taliban are terrorist. So how can you carry on trade with terrorist????
Zee news got exactly what it deserved
When the Delhi people will pay the four times for food, they'll realise
No they just rushed veggies forcedly into kids  mouth.
Where is India on womens rights,Afghanis etc.They blame the West(who were trying to improve)but where is India to march up there & kick Taliban,Khan etc.
The general idea for people who dont know why this is happening!!!
If tri colour is choosen as national flag than it is not acceptable to use any other flag on Redfort.
I come from India where supposedly educated people celebrate repeal of laws that would have liberalized farming economy, enabled farmers to sell anywhere, reduced food prices. 
God bless you and app
Taliban can not live without war
Great reporting .. congratulations news 24.
You spoke many wrong  statements about jk matter articles 370 and demand realeae of muslims mp and now proven wrong 
Feel sorry for few Guiliable Idiots going to protest thinking they are protesting for a Noble cause when all they are protesting is for ignorance, Backwardness, Stalling Development and Halting Important Reforms that will advance our Nation.
C T Ravi behaving like a noob.. owaisi is right here . He s acting like a child. Don't have a clue about international politics
CBI inquiry honi chahiye is rakesh daket ki
and communist party is protesting for farmers , fake idiots
I am also farmer but plz can you explain why should I protest against this? I think it's gonna make our country more developing in the primary sector.
Shame on this government
The free market wouldn't.
Shame on you Lallantop
Godis now have to defend supreme leaders judgement 
just literate Officer yet not become educated...!!
U r against or with
BJP Hatao desh bachao Jay hind jay bharat vande Mataram 
please at least now stop addressing them as Farmers.
Since agriculture is a state subject, states should have been taken into confidence. Centre has encroached state's jurisdiction. Though at present MSP is being continued there is a scope for it's end, which endangers farmers interests. Though the objective of the bills is said to be elimination of middlemen namaste, indeed small middlemen would be replaced with huge corporate houses, which means centralization, scope to form syndicate and dictate terms. Meanwhile large number of so called middlemen render jobless and thrown into poverty. I. e, amassing wealth by a few individuals. Repealing essential service commodities act or removing food grains is a great harm to public. It gives traders huge scope to create artificial scarcity and hoard, fleecing public money. I'm sighting horrible future and terrible exploitation.
how can sujatha smile and sarcastically laugh in such a debate
How the indian gov. screwed up the farmers is a 3 decades misery......and still it does not care.....the burocrats in Dehli resemble the Mandarins in Beijing.
God shall pour out His spirit upon all flesh.
Why not 4k
Above terms were decided for tractor rally...All videos are proof that the violence was pre planned.
Prime Minister of North India  - 
If that incident happened in Manipur,The driver will be die there.
Fact:
Shame to live here
they will be embolden to more draconion law again .............
This is godi media..
Teach  a lesson
It's a failure on the part of GOI to foresee what was coming on an important day like Republic day. When SC started intervening, Government should have declared suspension of farm laws without any timeline.
Will caption take responsibility for more than thousand farmers lost their lives during the protest against the modi's farmers Law
Thanks BBC
Absolutely perfect decisions taken by Kissan Morcha.
These  laws are  taken back not beacause government care for farmers.. this is because upcoming elections in up , Punjab , Uttarakhand etc....
Election season...
Shame on police.
9. Hitler had come to power campaigning that he would end all problems in a jiffy
TALBAN IS COMING BACK TO KASHMIRIS
Private sector are those institutions who burn all the power of middle class people literally i want to say that if it is going like that so one day we will again enter in the "Tanashahi" world. No more freedom 
Always nice to hear Ravish Kumar.
Taking everything and twisting the truth.  Why do people still watch these channels? They are trying to hide the main incident that happened and diverting everything.  They found people that dont know anything to interview.  Go interview the actual people that know what happened.  They will not do not that because they want to keep the truth hidden.
just wait and watch
Government is spending taxpayer money to pay MSP price for paddy and wheat but our farmers doesnt want change crops patterns. Which is completely unacceptable. 
Thanks a million  sir
Republic news pakistan agent corrupt antinational atankwadi
Sikhs protesters always protesters against odd laws and always wins.
I am not fan any political party...but.. before Modi entrance" all party were against each other" but after Modi" I can see Modi is one Side and all political party is one side, all political parties became friends of each other"
iske pichey coungress party hai.....
Policy & Cooking Gas Given , Bank Accounts Under Jana Dhan Youjna Opened , Light Given,Water Given & Subsidised Seeds & Minures As Well As Keetnashaks Given And Double Income Is Assured By The Govt.Now This Is Not Liked By The Middlemen As Well As By The Opposition Political Parties Of The Country As They All Are Anti Nationals Thinking And Wants Profits For Own Pockets.
Police attacked the police
Finally my concept are clear about farm laws. Thank you sir 
Only this was left behind 
Vote for kite up wale
Failure of Indian government. Support Indian farmers
Sir, which software do you use for making these lectures ?
Also, verify this link http://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvT6Ks9I40RGDWw8A8A6bGr3cWCEc4Qiu for the clear and brief discussion on farm reforms in various episodes.
Ye sab election ka dar tha......Uttar Pradesh
All subsidies are "bad economics", but it makes sense to subsidize essential commodities, like food. Not to mention most farmers can't simply find another job  if they are unable to produce profitable crops on a free market. MSP also protects farmers from being exploited by private corporations, who would LOVE to redefine the meaning of "minimum" prices.
Ese bharmit karne wale bevkuf logo ko india TV apne chanel se bycat kare with proof , 
Boycott China and Pakistan
We've won the battle against dictatorship.
Brilliant video. Thanks to the producers.
If it could be in hindi all can understand
Go back Congress India se out please follow up with you and your family and friends with your friends
Its people like this who rad stats but are a million miles away from the reality on the ground and dont understand why the majority of India is poor and why the rich are richer and making the poor poorer. People say so much and do so little as they destroy India as they spout the rubbish there corporations tell them. This guy is a fraud
3. Farmers don't want it, so if government is thinking about farmers then they shouldn't make such ammendment, because farmers don't want them.
*The police should be withdrawn as the CM of Delhi allowed it. When these idiots riot, let the Delhi CM face them and the consequences.*
Shuch a shame that they are celebrating thier loose ..they think that they won but middle man won and these guys think that they fought in farmers interset ..had h bc..you are celebrating the revocation of farmers friendly laws
Happy about farmers. But like they say in video, its about election. Not a coincidence that lowering petrol also happened at the same time.
Tikait knows the pulse of the people.
Incomplete and misinformation.. You went on "why protest" for more than half of the video. You did not even dig into what's happening currently.. Watch this video before spreading misinformation - https://youtu.be/Oib04c4R6-U
Agricultural reforms are not necessary to the farmers.
Very well explained
Congress party trying to make fight bw Hindus v Sikhs. But, Congress loves Muslims & Christians. Sikh brothers don't forget that
Yeh bhosdike farmer hai? Talware aur lathio se maar rahe hai logo ko.
Owaisi doesn't know about international politics he should keep his mouth shut.
The scene is taliban will escalate with pakistan and pakistan will react and will fight taliban and taliban will be defeated and pakistan will colonize afghan thru political manipulation and control!
good job by driver
NDTV request you to report Farmers from rest of India... Stop the Political Agenda for upcoming elections....Come and show where is protest going on in South India...??
Its fake, it's was a conspiracy they were not real farmerss, they were bought people aka so called farmers who did this, we have credibility in farmers protest
Fk NDTV hypocracy Fk farmer protests. I'm done with this circus.
I totally support farmers Bandh....we get to eat every day by the hardworking of the farmers...
Do you think doctor's may save your lives?
Brave man sir full respect and support
15. Hitler had the consummate art of making lies look like truth
Thanks brother for showing truth of indian politics to the public log jo party wise divide ho chuke hain aapki video unhe  dekhna chahiye
Thanks sir!!!!
So many farmers commit suicide in previous system dont know what these protesters celebrating..... Nonsense.
India lost 700 farmer people in this battle, please don't forget before vote.
Very cleverly the video has been edited by NDTV when the Policeman confirms the name of person inside the car. In the original video, the Policeman confirms Ankit Das as the name of the person inside the care but NDTV has garbled the audio of that portion! 
Great video!
How about, the fact that they're going to be governing based on tenants of a highly opressive religious interpretation that literally gives them free reign to execute people without consequence or reason....
Apart from that I am a Muslim who learnt from Sikhs that how to be proud of your religion and maintain it as they practically teach me by showing there identity everywhere whether it's india , Canada or America or Saudi Arabia . 
Salute to our farmer's  
Power of Modiji
Isi defeated americans with American help haha
Very soon we will capture all hindustan.
of course stupid zee news logic "why dont you just take the laws back"
 was fantastic 
This is what is called a win-win situation.    1yr and  (no) progress made... sardar joke.
If punjab will become khalistan then how we will going to get Sikh women's ,fat punjobi wifes
Top of the world
Why do you keep saying selling to the poor?
If we listen to his all videos, he speaks very diplomatically,  and supports non modi many times, tries to brainwash people too. For example in his recent video on security lapse of PM , he also informed about crores of rs spent daily on PMs security,
   3.2 amendment?  to remove certain commodities as essential, regulation of prices incase of war, famine, high prices or          natural calamity
Where is your media ethics? Such a shameful incident
How can you abuse other religions, even which is in majority of people following in your country.
See the attitude of Speaker,how arrogant and tuned to anticipated
Its wondering that still this so called farmer Man roaming freely...
Support to dear Farmers from TamilNadu!
But I  will always support BJP
10th  octuber taiwan national day .lets wish taiwan .
The "Killer Islam" still exists today followed and guided by the same "aasmani kitab" who's followers killed our beloved Sikh Gurus
Thankyou maam for clearing all the doubts
No farmer no food
Subhan Ullah Allaho Akbar Shukar Alhamdolillah Allah pak made Afghan Taliban Mujahideen e Islam Super power all over the world and made America e more than 50 superior power zero00000000000000...
I always felt that PM should Not be part any Political Rally ...this should become law. Because he is PM of entire country , not of one party.
These are goons, they cannot be farmers , these people are disgrace to this country, the brokers have paid a huge money to run this show of dharna in Delhi border, there is no Kisan they are goons, I had lot of respect for my Sikh brothers but its not the same anymore after they attacked Red Fort and put their dirty hands to throw the national flag down, what a shame and disgrace these people are to this country
TO ALL OF THE MISANTHROPES AND DEFEATISTS THIS IS WHAT PEOPLE POWER CAN ACHIEVE!!!
Sir, the best scenario is more govt.mandies closer to the farmers & guaranteed MSP  & a guaranteed procurement of atleast the 23 farm produce which is already there on paper. This not only is reassuring to the farmers but at the same it generates more employment opportunity due to more mandies. The govt.can use part of the produce to distribute to PDS (ration shops) to meet the govt's social obligation which also the govt.can use it as assured vote bank of the poor. The balance of farm produce procured & stored may be sold to Pvt.players  at higher rates for them to add value & sell at good profits. This will be a win-win for all stake holders.
Thanks to become voice of farmers 
A lesson for the city citizens.
This peasant movement will go down in history as a new trendsetter and will serve as a Harbinger of a new era. The Indian farmers have now shown what they are capable of. Now let the workers and farmers of this and other countries must carry forward the struggle.
- [ ]       MSP (C2+50%)              MSP               
God bless farmers.., 
WHERE ARE THE KALISTANIS NOW? LET THEM GO TO CANADA.
The wire is only honest reporter
CCTV !!! what a joke
Are all actually farmers on tractors rally participating?
7pc salary must be put on hold till economy recovers , at least 3 yrs
Today marks the victory of Anarchy over Democracy, Luddism over Logic, Control over Choice. Street veto has defeated reforms. India has truly lost
aunty you analize all topics perfectly.
Is there any paid promotion???
Abe chuttio Diesel petrol price v dekh.... Kyu wasted kr raha hai yeh Kisan log
7) One party's neta who talks the same things that Imran Khan does, doubts Indian Armed forces on Balakot and who has taken money from Xi Jing Ping for his NGO was actively supporting the frmers.
I learn alot from this matter ,it shows ,if u want something and dedicate towards this deligently one day that will happen and everything will well
Is this Mahapanchayath? Seems to be less than 20-25 farmers. Karshaka samaram only in medias like yours. Even Punjab CM deserted this farmers
Our main problem is that v have a about 25%illerates in INDIA, about 40% of literate uneducated people in INDIA so now an illiterate leader is taken charge, One advice plz don't vote for BJP next time!
But the reality is they are not protesting for MSP . They want to scrap the all three laws fully . So farmers dont get freedom to sell anywhere else 
Biography of Selmon bhai
BJP WD MAKE HIM AN MP & MINISTER SOON.. GOONDA PARTY! SHAME MODI SHAME!
Kisaan win the fight
This guy like Gundhi.. KhanGrass champcha ..
Feeling too sad about today's Modi's decision of withdrawal (repeal) farm acts. 
All these dumb ass fools those who don't even know a single word of these laws.. they don't know shit about the laws but destroyed this country by killing so many people and destroying the nation by blocking the roads. Shame on these so called fake farmers and some dumb real farmers.
We do not see times now and the other Mandi tv... republic
Put the opposition behind bars including Taraka
Anchor must be neutral.
Lol, half of these motherfuckers replying Andbhakts and all that. They literally think they are the most educated ones and know everything about the bill. If you are taking a good decision the opposition will shout even louder as they don't want the positive outcome of that decision to outline the future of the current party. The bills literally were in favor of poor farmers and it harmed the people who benefit from these farmers. And, half of these motherfuckers who call themselves Indians are celebrating the withdrawal of the bill. Not even BJP would not hamper their position because of these idiots. That is why they retracted the bill. So fuck those farmers who protested against the bill, FUCK those idiots who cry for Jobs. India is the land of bright, but more than that it is the land that garners some of the most useless and worthless peoples.
Finally understood. Thank you so much Drishti
I know it's very hard to farm like in this time but you are throwing india flag like this shame on you punjabi
Kise bhahn Da bra gay plz insaf dvao..jithe eh lok chale gay otho kade vapis nhi ohna ne ona
Farm bills have been taken back! We need more explanation on why doesn't the gov make MSP the base price and why don't make it illegal to buy below the MSP anywhere!?
I think foreigners in the comment section have the wrong idea about these *now repealed* farmer laws
Where is Canadian Kumar? He shd leave India now or Canadas door will be shut for him.
This group is owned the ambanis they are spokesperson of bjp
Modi thrives in these sort of conditions. He's always been in the last 20years.
MSP ak to security price for the farmer  but not the real price of commodity.  Understand the fact. Farmer should get real price of his goods in the beneficial  or profit price of his goods. (Labhkari  value)
We watch your video only for knowledge, Thanks you sir ji.
	-what they are supposed to do?
Thanks to Indian army 
Aur Tum Log Kis Tra K MEDIA wale ho ?
Once in your life you need a doctor, a lawyer, a policeman, and a preacher. But every day, three times a day, you need a farmer..Support and respect farmers
They are Khalistanis
Thats what you wanted bcuz you could. Not do anything to peacefull protest ......
Wastage of Time .I am a happy Kisan because of Modi's scemes.
salute of you. 
BJP will come for at least 50 years.
Where did my message go
Weird you would think ppl would be excited about their lives being destroyed by authority figures
FULL SUPPORT FROM GUJARAT 
Please talk about govt repaying the central bank by privatizing all Government establishments
The obnoxious pounding noise drove these folks nuts.
The are anti national
I wish these journalists would ask leaders of ruling party this way ! Godi media jokers 
Shaheen Baug fame, Shameless, , , Librandu  RaNDiTV    . 
Harassment without any legality Gunda Raaj 
why not make minimum sale price rates for private buyers?
kissan bhaiyo ki maut vehad nindiniya but who killed others six person .
Indian govt is a terrorist racist govt of the rss bjp
Modiji should not sacrifice the Peace of the Nation and 130 crore citizens of this country  for fattening the purse of a couple of Gujarati cronies !
In history of india after independence was not seen removal Indian national flag from red 
Fake news 
Wtf is this guys attitude? Bade budho se baat krna aata nhi.
It is strange situation that the law farmers want is being denied and the law they don't want is being implemented
Anchor ho ya supreme court chief justice hai Bjp government pm modi failure cm yogi failure se swal kiyun nhi poochtey sarkar se jwab mango
This is all ISI Pakistan and Congress collusion and they are trying to fan Khalistani sentiment in Punjab.
I haven't seen a dumbest prime Minister as Moodi before
Congratulations to all the farmers but be mindful he will change his words after elections.
2).      , , , ,      (Atleast MSP can be ensured of locally produced)
Raise FD PPF NPS Savings rate immediately
Agents and Agencies (Anti Modi Group) never allow farmers to earn. As a daughter of farmer, I feel sad.
Notable behaviour patterns include defence of self, family, and personal property, physical communication (WOLF SIGN LANGUAGE), and socially approved actions, such as handshakes, head nods, and bowing.
No one is slave here!
Shame on you NDTV.. instead of saying BJP MP you have written it as Ex-congress MP
90% are Khalistan terrorists..
I am proud of you my friend, Soumoranjan and the team...
And deep sandu headed this.... 
Very handsome brother  mera bhai 
Jai kisan.always with kisan in any situation
There is only one people powerful against BJP is farmers.
Jastice for sushant
Thank you so much fo such a detailed analysis.
*Why is the police made the scape goat*
everyone must be die in your time is arrived ........ 
Anyone is not slave here!
Why you dont mention about dead farmers
Wonderful  but wonder the repealing. Elections the reason?? Let's see.
It's got tear in our eyes... For them to be winner's...
All these been hijacked by khalistanis and congo etc basically anti Indian agendas.....we are not fools 
Where is reporter Ajit anjuman is .not seen any u tube videos from him for a long time
It is a shame that Agri Laws have been taken back.
Christianity is spreading like fire in Punjab and those converts are congress supporters. Again this whole protest is political tool......
They are struggling for us and our generation s only
All ethics and values goes down 
Tum to BJP ke Ananndh bhagat Ho or BJP ke chamche bhi ho tum to BJP ki bhasa bol rahe ho
Modi government against farmers
Why not said about mask in bjp election
Superb . I want this software.. there is any upgrade version available??
Yes there will be those who will not see there loved ones returning. 
. In india mindset is like this only..
Sir series continue hona chahiye
      ,  highways    ,    ,         
The farmers should not come under modi words he is a liar liar he want only vote .
14. you say loopholes are there but you need to figure that out then why not bring reforms in current one? Why make farmers vulnerable
Calling the Taliban terrorist wouldn't make them one.
This is what a truly "neutral" point of view looks like not like it cells working as channels such as dhruv rathee and others
Good acting
Lollzz... kept the nation and media busy for 1 year.. jai modi
But keeping silent,consented all is not practicable and possible.
OMG, same as when the structure was brought down.  Why cant we talk & settle? Is it so difficult?
The vice-president "Amrullah Saleh"  is a THIEF who is a refuge in the valley of "Panjshir" with Ahmad Massoud. this is reality, this is why the west does not want to help you.
He was the one who actually pushed Indian Air Force to procure HAL Tejas.
Great sir
What the work of journlist ?
Sandip Chaudhary and Ravish Kumar real truth hero of India Bharat Journalist
Any compensation for the policemen injured on the Republic Day incident ?
should resign at emmediate effect.
All Hindus have to unite agaist these Khalistani and Jihadi groups.. all they want is to break the nation.. we have lost Kerala, WB, North east and Punjab almost
If APMCs and MSPs are here to stay and the new Bill is providing additional option, Im failing to still understand what the problem is. ? What am i missing. Farmers can continue to seek in APMCs - whats the challenge. 
how you clear your vocabulary
more people need to see what this pakhandi baba stands for...if he was so godly, he wouldn't misrepresent the plight of the farmers, and dog whistle that it is a problem with a specific 'ethnicity'/'group' of people, farmers all over the country are negatively affected by government policy and the three bills, this guy is a sham, watched his other videos and he just smiles and responds incoherent babble, typical con man
Very Good.
Thanks. I  am  scared .
See 2:23 what flag it is at left
Very well explained. Thank you
Afghanistan crisis. 
Very nice explanation
Because he is a uneducated fool and a criminal mind does not have any empathy towards anyone...
Narendra Modi  Government, No  Democracy..
World AIDS day 
Weakest link in the union of India that always threatens sovereignty of India.Always blackmailing
Congratulations to farmers ! But dnt forget what bjp has done to defame it !
Samdish 
Fir your kind information panchayat muzaffarnager mai huyi hai
*ALL PROFESSIONS ARE EQUALLY IMPORTANT.... Farmers is just like another profession. There is no need to put them on a pedestal. Some people quote them as ANDH DATTA & that without farmers there will be no food. and as such must support them. What if there were no doctors, nurses, frontliners; many would hv died during this pandemic What if there were no jawans, police & security personal; there would be anarchy. What if there were no bankers, money lender...; there would financial system will collapse. etc, etc... Bottom line EVERYONE IS IMPORTANT including the police*
Barish se    
It has suffered for decades and centuries already 
Bring our kissan sons back from border and send these policemen to BORDERS let's see how these policemen deal with China
The killer .why did he wear a hood ..obvious doesn't look like a farmer but was ready to kill without showing his identity
Protesters won India loss
The way he talk it seems like he still don't care about the life of the people, all he care about is his cars ....
Can police prevent a peaceful protest as SC says that peaceful protest is the right of the citizens?
3 . Modi is saying it's going to be 1 nation 1 market. It already 1 market we can sell our crops anywhere in india legally before this. 
Overall I love Cut The Clutter!
They will face loss, because they're the exporters.
This is known as blind trust
please do a story on  latest National Family Health Survey: An assessment on India's health and social development indicators
Morph 
"Income & Land"
Amrinder was not sending money to Delhi - another bull sheet
Chacha bas ek phone dur hai 
Lallantop u too ll loose ur credibility in public just like aaj tak.All the best for ur future.
Govt wants to break the SKM into pieces
I never seen weaker PM than this one. He he is more worried about his party than country.
Commission farmer se nhi buyer se liya jata hai
Farmer are the soul of India
MEDIA CHANNELS:- 
Farmers  are not adamant but the COW_ERMENT  is so. Medias should have some backbone to expose the what exactly happened in our country.
1.	What as an antecedent-relative pronoun. (Underlined at Page  no.20 & 54. )
Well the officer should not be blamed ..if you want to blame some one than blame this society ..who choose such politician who pressure such officers to take such action ..even DM has to  take care of his family and his job
Taliban terrorists and dictator government
Sir contract farming lo farmers lands companies chethiki velthai antunnaru kada , asalu farmers Enduku valla lands ni companies ki ammkuntaru? E type farming valla raithulaku okavela loss continue gaa casthe ammukune chance undi, kani deeni dwara farmers ki profit a vasthundi kada sir.
Modi will go to Jail if he looses
Shame on the ADGP !!
Far better explanation than all those big videos.
  true news channel
Yes we need justice for farmers
Maturity is when you realise just being good don't solve society issue. He just want attention
#dababy #bussitdownchallenge 
Tax submission must be postponed to 31 march 2022 as Covid19 3rd wave not expected further , let give public some respite 
3. Can we as a consumer buy any quality of vegetables and agriculture commodities at the same price?
false news
Very good  Kishan morchA
We can only write here. But what happens to his guru he knows better than you and me. And he has given his life for his guru. 
Started the productive day with a productive explanation 
To the fisrt expert i would jst say that the situation will be better than today.... So if u are comparing the famers of USA with india u should also look at the quality of life. If something better can be done than u should give the road map rather than just criticizing it...
Modi Idealogy (saffron terrorism) Is A Threat To Nation
Thank you so much ,sir for giving us the information in detail
You are the modi media
This is blackmailing from farmers
To Punjabi, Haryana, and Western UP Jat farmers - please leave the rest of Indias farmers alone, let them sell their goods wherever they want, and not be regulated by corrupted officials at every government level. 
Ap phirse history start
My uncle is a real life psycho  and indian pm cm uses statemafias  ti run their own spies and policing of rape violence scans selling informations and acting they are in need forever ..... they operate from kolkata delhi mumbai chennai bangalore hyderabad roaming around cheap unnatural easily overlooked peoples using indian story making reality for others technics .....social shame name fame to rape murder with help from all peoples who have been losers all lower class maids servants cops clerks officers roadside workers hawkers ola zber flipkart amazon zomato swiggy etc all anyone who can be used. .then uses all social freedoms of cheap men women to walk into social lifes  and open false infos and create nuisance ...... Munmun roy the women from ballygunge who runs with help from shankar das and anshuman cjatterhee grom kolkata cops these are national based network ...simple technic of knowing who is doing what and constantly targetting without motive ...but motive is .... Terrorism of no open violence ....... Reality of Indian system and government and underlying underworld  ...........real ........
They are the enemy of farmers
Covid Variant spreed quickly.
Some poor ass driver after getting hit in windshield, lose control and hit people jaywalking in the middle of the road..
Zee News Hamesha Jhooth bol raha hai
Change of government is necessary... unemployed youth like here.
The second office had good EQ and the first one lacked both IQ and EQ
What you outsiders don't understand is that the farm bills were made with the intention of benefiting the farmers not to destroy peace. Yes, definitely the government hasn't listened to these farmers cries or given them Enough attention that's why they are behaving like this, the situation is unfortunate
All these opposition parties are doing nothing but big dreams as Always.
Remember farmers are the backbone of our country...
Thank you so much so much so much sir...................... 
vijay pal Sharm
When sonal explained in last i understood all
great job..... doing great.
A is the correct answer
Railway exam date Real
Thanks a lot
This is really emotional,ddnt knew my tears roll down from my eyes.Salute to u sir jai hind
Clear Explanation.......
Taliban got the land,  which the western governments did not want. They cannot sell weapons anymore to Divide and rule as colonialism took place and the Americans fighting false flag operations with Vietnam, Japan and now Afghanistan and The Britain killing natives of the 15 countries under the terror of colonial  British.
This sets a very dangerous precedent for any future reforms to be taken. As long as Delhi can be held hostage for long enough time, it can be bent for the demands
COVID release is an attempt to control the free peoples of the world including these farmers, pray they the farmers prevail. Governments are using COVID to subjugate the masses.
These are anti hindu
    2.3 pvt companies would buy at less(from farmers) but sell at high price to us consumers.
More than 55% of our population is engaged in farming whereas agriculture contributes only 14% to our GDP i.e. more than half of our population's contribution is only 1/7th of our GDP.
    ,           ,                      ,  thank you
PEOPLE IN DILHI  TERROR ROIT KILL 1O OOO  HOUSE 
The farmers are adamant...not ready to come to a compromise..especially the farmers from Punjab....they are arrogant..basically they more rich than farmers from other states..
Class
Weak PM with only petty election gain in mind
Bobdi should now know how India became independent...British were not getting Lagaan from farmers and their products were denied..how were they supposed to thrive... Great example of Gandhian principle again by farmers
There is lot of unemployment in Punjab and Haryana. That's why so many jobless people were available for protests. Ironically, cross-subsidy of farm electricity is driving away industries away from Punjab, causing unemployment.
Ek question: Jisske centre pe majority sarkar ho voh hee toh Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabka  MPs unke zaada honge nah?
The eyes of the blind shall be opened and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopped.
Your programs are addictive
RSS run BJP govt want to divide people on religious lines. Their atrocities on Muslims, Christians and now against Sikhs. Inspite of the rights guaranteed in the constitution.
Shameful! 56 inch ka nahi 6 in ka hai! Cant listen to this man anymore.
Feel the power to AIMIM vote for kite AIMIM
Khalistan is Back Kashmiristan will be back any time soon.
Well explained about MSP. Though, i don't know, why i can sense some contradictions from your earlier explanation of Farm Bills 4 months ago. For eg. there we understood Rich Farmers will be benefited out of New Farm Bills while here it seems different.
Farmers are our life line. They should be protected.
Mitron...  Jumla Feku Modi bowed down to Khalistanis. Farmers laws to be repealed.. Sabka Saath, Sabka vikas.. All bakwas.. Only Vinaaash..  
10 times better than news reports.
 Chronology smjhiye
From kangana to Diljit they are just interfering in politics for money 
Here we live in a country like india where we have two opinion or sides for killing mahatma gandhi
Happy Birthday  Nana jhi   year
RAM RAM JI
The final arrangement was arrived and so anyone who wanted to climb the building could still use the donkey. The donkey would carry a person, go in the lift and carry people up & down. All were happy.
All these guys should be arrested
Salute farmers. They are the people who feed the nation. Neta Babu Sarkar rob the people.
  Pakistan will support Taliban, with full military Force 
Proud To Be A Sikh 
Legal contracts: contracts will be lengthy, costly litigation involved, lands will be leased long term and binding contracts will be difficult to exit. Agreements are designed so they do not allow farmers to break out of poverty cycle. 
Because of some bastards the country is going through a bad phase
I hope they are educated about this law and the protesters keep and open mind and listen
You are the real deshdrohi of India 
This is too much democracy
Farmer's slowing down us when china is taking over weak countries around us
What is good for India? I would say stop India nationalists spreading in South Asia will be a good idea.
Rakesh Tickeit chor kidhar mar gaya
For those who support farm laws blindly read above lines. Bihar had already removed APMC Mandi long time ago and see the difference between Bihar and Punjab. 
doing politics to appeas Sikhs of Canada
He is very correct about Owaisi
Complimenst to Bjp spokespersons.  They exhibited their hypocrisy,  distracting strategies, utter falsehood and made jokers of themselves.
Honourable PM Modhi gee should with draw these farm bills as these are not in favour of farmers neither for general people in long runs. Prices will be very high when products will go to corporate sectors.
6. Did they killed anyone (police/people), on the streets to Red fort
Gober eaters you can't win from talibans
Tikait is Taliban leader.... Who is sitting in the name of fake protest.... Who are threatening whole india in the name of Farmers Protest...
I experienced that study iq is the only channel who educate the followers unbiased and gives them only knowledge,  education  and I like to hear you saigaokar sir and amit vardikilor sir .
food so yum yummy, l wish was there
Upcoming election is the reason now...not the lost of lives of farmers, not the suffering not the welfare of farmers.... wow
I think next protest that we should stand up about the women's safety that is raise the voice against rape so that this social evil can be finished in world
oh look the bjp sent their goons to beat up poor old farmers what a disgrace
Dear Sir,  though i am not your paid subscriber, but I having served as Professor/Sr.Scientist at Punjab Agricultural University Ludhiana, I am motivated to submit my humble view points as follows:
Kisan bechare bhole hain. Krishi kanoon wapas lete hi narme (  ) Ka bhav ghat gya. Jo pahle 8000 me bik rha tha vo ab sirf 3000 ho gya.
Thanks for explaining this in English.
Supporting Modi Government on this!
The earth shall yield her increase.
Sir farm income pe tax kyu nahi hota?
BJPJ Mindwash Techniques & Hiding Techniques can fail here As every Indian's Father or Grandfather was a Farmer ???
Tariq blames ISI for his children as well
*I can do nothing for you but work on myself*
The disciples came to Jesus and asked, Who is the greatest in the kingdom of Heaven? 
Modi Utterly Defeated for this Stupid Farmers Bill...when you don't follow the Democratic guidelines and Consensus, this is what Happens...Hope The Modi Chamchas and the Dimwits understand the Democratic Policies and not Autocratic policies...
Very disappointing that Rich farmers of Punjab who don't give a rupee of tax and take hundreds of benefits like - urea subsidy , fertilizer subsidy forced govt to move back on a progressive law. No option for govt when there is competitive populism. The unbelievable amount of competitive populisim which is going on in Bengal , Delhi etc. in long run does no good. i am myself from Bengal and ashamed of the ruthless populist measures taken by local govt just for vote bank which does no good in long run.
19. Hitler always used in his speeches *friends, friends (mitron, mitron)*
LOVE IT TNKEW
I think there is some conspiracy taking place to overthrow the government.
Never ever trust Amabni-Adanis sale and support team aka east-India company 2.0 aka BJP-R$S.
You are truly a lado rani and a very special and unique daughter of punjab, may waheguru give you good health, wealth, happiness and success, love from uk,    Satsriakaal, God Bless
Hope this move can make impact.
WHAT A STRATEGY ---- I KNOW U WILL TELL SAME THING BEFORE ANDHRA PRADESH NO PRIVATISATION AND WE SAY MODI UR GREAT WAKE UP ANDH BHAKTS...
I don't know how but Gupta ji had turned from a liberal to netural yeh kaise hua kyon hua pta ni but it's good.
Sikhs are ready to take revenge of 1984. .. well done Sikh
UP Bihar Madhya Pradesh farmers were very happy with this new law. Now the poor farmers of these states will suffer and Punjab rich farmers will enjoy.
Jio TV had removed NDTV from their app. Government has influence on it's sponsors. Current government powered by Ambani and Adani.
Modi wants to use this to cash in votes. Never make the mistake of electing him again.
I support farmers I stand with farmers
Not agree on many  points.  There is no credibility of present government keeping the historical records in mind. Even conceding to amendments simply means that there are faults in acts besides being  unconstitutional and classic examples of colourable legislations. Please read the provisions of the constitution.
Modi will definitely bring back three laws from backdoor after the elections. Dont fall for this trap.
He now wants free food in jail. Moron. 
We dont allow BJP to enter our village. No vote to Modi, Yogi, BJP never. Kisan Jindabad.!
Legal Minimum Support Price - You can't buy below this price.
they have interpreted the twitter news wrongly.....its not exactly what happened....
Thank you sir for information
This is no democracy its dictatorship only seen in india
I think you love me 
Clearly, the Government has NO SHAME, NO HUMANITY & NO MORALS.
So no need for andolan.
Watercolorists
Cleared all doubts beatifully.
very good explaination  . keep going up... do more vedios
Kejriwal I am full support with u
Hadd aaa thodi patriotism uddo kithe c jdo 170+ kisan mrr ge ??????
 (      ) at least they didn't taken indian flag off
Rakesh Tiket the Net worth 80Cr poor farmer. Has left the innocent farmers on boarder :D
I just want all the people hating on them before and still and calling the farmers names and trying to force anger, hate and communal division to at least back off... Don't even want them to apologise, just stop doing that now. Because I still see hateful and provocative messages circulating on social media and apps.
That's too good 
Arrest them all
Pakistan should help us just like india helped bengladeshies in 1971.
No doubt We supports farmers  but due to this we are unable tp go to schools and colleges from last two days we are requesting you to not make any problem for the public transportation as we are facing loss in studies.
Khalisthani boys...
Covid is an excuse
I am sorely disappointed. Looking at the recent behaviour of the SC was hoping it was becoming objective. But today i can see, it is not.
Clear cut explaination sir.. 
        Honble Court and ED should also keep watch on Rulers so that they may not run away from our beloved country ( like Neerav Modi etc) after solding Government properties to the profit based private corporaters.
Is there any accountability for dpty chairman?
I hate Haryana government and Modi
They are farmers not terrorist..
It is sad that the government is so insensitive to the very people who elected them. They are making joke on their deaths. Do they care about anyone?
India is a democratic country here  Government is elected by the people.  What that lady  speaking on behalf of the BJP wants to mean  ? They have not come in power with the people 's vote ? Only  they have the right to do whatever they like . Every political party has the equal rights to speak against any kind injustice if done against the people by the Government.  What they would do if it would happen during  Congress regime? How they have forgotten so  soon  what they did  on Nirbhya's killing ?
Now I don't support farmers protest
Hi I am buying your channel
Please don't let Afghanistan become a country like north korea
You are a lucky child beta....may wahaguji always bless you....
He deserves an OSCAR...No No....multiple Oscars....never seen a better actor even in Hollywood.
Pagl he ye
Now poor farmers will become rich billionaire  because of these laws repealed.
All farmer bill repealed but these politicians keep continuing with their political agenda.. Sab Rajneeti hai bhaiya. Election bhi to ladna hai... i bet if these idiots can declare they won't fight election like Anna Hazare....
BHAIO please proceed towards KUNJARWAAL RESIDENCE YOU HAVEE BEEN INVITED FOR tea followedby lunch
The shining shirt on the YouTube is fraud do not put any order
Won?
Except contract farming , rest 2 laws were never beneficial for d farmers.. But
We fight for the oppressed today the farmer  why not make msp law modi that will make farmers income increase 
Please make it clear what you will do now. Please don't devide the country in the matter of dharm
very veyy helpful boss..very well explained
MODI JI APKI HAMESA JAI HO 
Click here to buy full UPSC course https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.studyiq.android
PLEASE SIR CLEAR ALL THESE ISSUES..
And no Indian flag was pulled down
Suspend him
This guy's no nationalist....only opportunist
Thenkewww sir ji.....u are a genius teacher really 
Indian democracy is a joke
Good Decision...
In every country happened like this. Nothing new. In india, Israel, china, Korea, all in other world. 
Most of the people commenting have no idea about the bill they are just spilling hatred towards govt.
Infrastructure: deregulated sugar industry did not improve infrastructure. Roads at risk of destruction by haulage trucks from urban areas.
Shame on such ips
Even if you know you are allowed to tell the truth to public
After this dont ask again government to Why farmers does not have right to sell their products any were in India??  This win for richer farmers and middle man
These people are not farmer. Our farmer are working in field. This is politics.
We  stand  with  farmers..
Another name pops up with Ankit Das in farmers killing at Lakhimpur Kheri is  Mohammed Lateef. Is Lateef a famour history sheeter from UP? Was Latif driving the SUV Mahendra Scarpio the 3rd car behind the Thar and Fortuner?
why do you have chodu camerguys ... nice content really appreciate
Flee Afghanistan and flee federal government
TIKET sir you are a great human and whatever answers you give it's a brilliant god bless you and your family and your spouter !!!!
Thanks bro
great pm who always thought abt the people of our country
Some day when your car is stopped on the road like Kanganas, we will sit down and have a conversation. Then we will see your logic for defaming hard working farmers. See you soon.
its time for the real farmers  who supported the bill and come in support in large numbers, let the people see how many were against it(middlemen) and how many were in support.
  Aryan          tab  bail         Ashish Mishra                       
This is unacceptable ;
Mumbai police missing u here....
Sir u explained brilliantly with perfection 
This law was good was farmers as he said it has nothing to do with msp(means they can sell at msp in the mandi) but everyone wants politics
Sale kutte Mill valo ke dalle pichle 4 saal se kaha so rahe the ab ek panchayat se hi gaand patke rate badda re ho or election bhi to h
NO BURDEN TO THE EXCHEQUER BY UP DATING M.S.P. OF PADDY TO RS 3002/QUINTAL
These are NOT model laws - WHERE on earth would you ENPLOY the 80% of farmers who would lose their farms??
Kisans did not have problems with farlaw.   they had problems with the injustice with the farm law as how they brought into.  .
What a beautiful journalism
Inka land agar coorperates ne own kiya to vo principally aur scientifically galat hoga # resign EVM fraudsters shah, modi
Wow, now everyone will play a blame game and such an insult to the national flag should be ignored, 
This BJP govt. should be dismiss
Pathetic politicians instigating farmers to indulge in violence
Thank god !!!! I actually thought they would fall for that .......
Says the guy who is literally owned by CCP. 
the govt knows from where and how much it will be loot but is not giving clear information to the nation on the spending.
Govt. need to have a seperate agency to act as a business resource center for the farmers in each state that they can go to; to give them business guidance, teach them business & negotiating skills etc.  
Fascist government we are living under... This is brutally Condemnable..
Govt: lets increase GST on footwear, paisa hi paisa.
What are parliamentarians and members of Assembly doing. They should have talked to these farmers and their demands. Dilli chalo sort of protests hijacking the roads must stop. This is not at all productive.
Arrest Tikait the union leader. He is the sole cause for all violence.
Imagine that there is a bumper crop of potato and it's supply is way more then the demand. Would the buyers still want to pay the msp?
Do whatever you want to do now you are not gonna win them now..they are not going to give you vote..
The worst pm ever
Finally farmers  
Find the miscreants immediately and punished them.
Bro u said that it is bad to put religious flag in government buildings....plz tell me in 1984 the Indian army put the Indian flag in our golden temple....kya voh Shi ha ...or jab babri masquid pr kuj Hindu logo nay apna religious flag lgaya tha .....uskay bareh may b bolo kuj....
Yes right decision taken by government under pressure..... 
No farmer no food 
British news Channel doesn't see India growing reputation....thats why they don't want Modi Govt.
Great explanation. But just one suggestion, when you are metioning the People in a prominent position, you should be adding their designation with their name.  Doing this "Modi, Modi" makes you look like a biased one.
Hello people of India be alert who doesn't fall BJP rule you all also have to face same problem not only Muslims.
Protest was going successfully and also  goverment has suspended the farm's laws but due to this violence , all goes to shit
As long as the BJP can easily convert the votes of dalits, bridesmaids, Chandalans and Eezhavas into "Hindu" votes in India ruled by ministers who proudly claim to be a non - onion eating caste, 'anti-jihadi' love laws will continue to prevail in India. Prohibition of notes, gst, amendment of citizenship, for example .. Most Indians today have the rage (common sense) to say that everything is an arrangement to rehabilitate jihadists.
What is going on I didn't understand anything
I again repeat these laws are not compulsory. Farmers will sale whomever he wants, not only to middlemen. Farmers will go for contract farming if he likes. Actually the whole issue about law 1, which frees farmer from middlemen.
	Ministry of Finance
I belong to a Rajasthani farmer family .
WHICH PARTIES SUPPORT TO FARMERS TRANSPARENTLY ,IN FUTURE MY SUPPORT TO THOSE PARTIES ONLY- JAI SRI RAM
Rishte banane ke liye aandolan kar rhe the... You think people are idiot. Hahaha who is this reporter such a fake propaganda and fake news he is spreading.
God shall multiply the fruitage of the earth.
The only solution for that is farmers cooperatives and government supports.
Govt trying to real farmers but It's not fair to the middle men as they loose their commission & their livelihood. Paid Hooligans create ruckus disrupting anything & everything.
Download PDFs,  Mind maps and Prelims Booster Notes of all the modern history videos from Bookstawa App - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=co.loki.ylnop
Nothing special has been happening for past years,, and ,,,,in future nothing will going to be different from the same traditional technique of ,,,,Mandi ..... New laws new methods should be implemented...
Good jobs farmers 
These are not farmers. They are black mailers.
Good comments.
3. Grains/Paddy stubble compost maker and compost distribution grid.
Charcha now should happen after elections .
APMC monitor every transaction as every consignment enters APMC is tracked by APMC till it get sold. And APMC ensures the product sale is not below MSP. And there are warehouses where farmers can store the produce if the price are not convincing. Warehouse charge small amount to store the stock and maintaing the quality as it is. Banks gives loans to farmers on pledge of the stock and that to at agri loan interest rate.
No power or questioning authority for social workers and eco researchers to file or complaint and not even the own people who stay there only government officials can question the government orders under EIA 2020 definitely suiting the business class and rich
A very sad event on a previladged day!!!!!!
Straight and clear  sneaking.
THE COWARD LEADERS HAVE ESCAPED EARLIER!.
Waiting for govt action.
Very good explaination sir
This is not a mature debate .... They are elected members and are behaving like fools .... Wrong impression on youth .... Congress leaders are absolutely wrong here ....
You're Rarest of the Rare gem's ma'am 
Taliban are crazy dogs.
Modi ji will never repeal CAA &NRC  law because Muslim is not core voter of bjp
UP a state of crime and rape where law is absent. 
Ayo listen up, this is false media. These are nihang singhs and they do what they do to protect their people and their culture. I dont know what these people have against us. We will put our life on the line for any human being who is in danger. Yet still these couch bugs sit on media n talk smack. Kangna and Media controlled by the govt. We dont let anyone stand in the way of us and nor do we care about anyone stopping us. Any objection to what i said? Take it up with me personally. Ready to school u immature and mindless human beings
U videos are amazing sir really very helpful 
Where are the so called G23. 
I am ashamed of our indian media...
Someone should tell these people that they are classist towards rich people because that's what I've heard when criticizing the system.
Govt. - this policy would help farmers grow.
Chal hatt
Some body have to voice against resignation of MP s 
Need to discharge but who will do?
Unfortunately india has take over by RSS inspired by Nazi Germany extrimest terarist modi is a rong nombor 
Congress will suffer from infighting and anti incumbency.
what will you pay to compensate for the farmers who lost their life .
Why this slow version video instead actual version? The Actual version is worse attack on innocent farmers.
By the way it was a video
Kisan ka rol acha ha ha congress party
Who will talk about Meghalaya Riots
As per sources several IAF technicians are under custody for investigation.
Farm bill should not be with drawn...Lot of benefits to Farmer...Yes broker, AAM Aadmi Party, CPI & NDTV will be affected....
Just look at this 4:52 yrrr yeh terrorist hai ?
So chinese company gave money to these people for this work
Bihar police constable exam march me hone wala hai or har baar ki tarah is baar bhi question leak hone wala hai....Setting abhi se start hai...help us...sarkar kuchh action kyon nhi leti
Much as you call it satire , urs is a platform addressing onground issues ,can't u generalise pl...!??
And not real protest
Sir, problem is this mindset of on the name of quality, farmers get exploited to sell below MSP ( cost price) , hence harder to sustain and finally quit, sell the farm or commit suicide.
China started reform with agriculture and we failed again. Too much democracy is a slow poison.
AK sir has PM
Poor farmers ...India totally lost it's Moral values ,, ya Allah please help us .
Kuch farmers was really funny you Pakistani
Don't say like this to farmer
Zee news always know his duty ......zee news depend on bjp vice versa I
Huge respect from Arunachal Pradesh.. just wao
   Taliban are enemy of India 
Name given by human, make fear by human media and lockdown, control all people by corporate's governments for long term goals against humanity!
Please be clarified, that flag hosted on red fort wasn't of Khalistan but Nishan Sahib.
If you fight these hardy men-women, there can only be one loser. The very Delhi where Modi-Shah sit, was conquered by the Khalsa Army, the Mughal throne was dug up and dragged to Amritsar. May waheguru protect these sons of the soil and remove all obstacles from their path.
I think that if all the stars align that farmers can earn 22k dollars yearly
200 million Muslims in India must do the same before the CAB takes away their rights do or die time and not follow Asaduddin Owaisi who just puppets
Rajat Sharma sir became Delhi team cricketer after BJP came to power 
The number of allfarmersinIndia, very small, small and large is 100 million. So about 0.2 per cent of allfarmersinIndiahave reason to protest.
Anyone agree? That Dhruv Rathi ji should be prime minister of India
These are not farmers, these are Congress and/or China and Pakistan funded rioters
What's next to sale???
Elections are coming
Modi is worst pm in indian history
Entire besharam opposition jump in fire zone now trying to run here and there
Why his speech to Nation is Hindi, how non hindi speaking 80 percentage population will understand..
I am surprised to see how their parents washed his child's mind,,..
Theen sal 
Proud off
Congratulations to PM Modi for this great decision, in similar confrontation situation Late Mrs Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi took different decisions especially Longowal accord which was written.PM Modi struck to his decision despite immense criticism from core followers and followed it up with electric speed.We forget the past but personally i would still remember that PM Modi respects his decision of taking back three farm laws.
Farmers of India 
Every people is gonna to effect from these bill I am also a farmer and I also own 15 acers of farm land And I also go to farmers_protest after 1 week #support_farmers
Sir please make videoes on all the movements which happened before the revolt of 1857. It will be very helpful for us. And thanks for providing us such a amazing vidoes with animated form
Every citizen have rights to celebrate  the Republic Day
These protests are funded by congress and khalistanis...
I think 'they' know that it's better allowing farmers their wish on 26th Jan,  than having a face off with them !!
Farmers Are Soul Of Our Nation They're Poor But They're Not Alone Every Indian Are With Them
I respect our honorable prime minister  and thank you election    
Listen to P Sainath Cut through the clutter of not just the farm laws but also journalists' and economists' views here: https://youtu.be/8lyxU924KxY
Let me give you a light on it...
General dyer of the 21st century.
You voted for Mr Panaoti, now pay the price.
Wonderful unbiased analysis. U are far far better than republic - a sold out channel to incompetent bjp
New terrorists with turbine and talwar....desh dhrohies 
Just like india media what really  happens and what they show on tv
Has Our Greed Overtaken Us? Sadhguru on Indian Farmers' Plight
Its agents whom are ruining the income of farmers
Block this channel,  all we need to become one. Inho ne tirange ko koi nooksaan nhi pohchaea oor nishaan sahib lehraea jiska matlab hota h chardilala
Lathicharge media aur government pe hona chahiye
Patgetic khatara govt. Cannot even give compensation to farmer who died due to barbaric lathicharge injuries . What to expect.  Farmers will not remain enslaved and keep get hitting on their heads
What the goddamn hell is going on ?? How can we progress when you have mob justice like this ??
this was a very short sighted decision... disappointing!
Ticckrt the jshil will motvdtop
Awesome Angad. You are the true Giant of India, the country which continues to produce real Men. As a real Man still in his early days on this planet Earth, is the Strong Men that Swami Vivekananda stressed to become and mobilise the country to awake this Great Nation. The Great Swami has foreseen the future of this Nation led by real Men like Angad  the future is bright 
        1)     involvement.  Formation of Committee, glossing over farmers refusal to listen to SC, delaying court decision for eviction and stay on enactment of  Laws. 2)  Stalemate was against the Interest of farmers 3) 80 percent farmers benefitted but remained silent. They should have come out on the street to expose the farmers' mafia. 4)   covered the anti govt agitation only. 
They aare cruels 
The Farm Bills..
We won the battle farme won Indian won every Indian won and modi government killed so many farmer
So whome u want to win..?? AKHILESH YADAV..?? Dont talk rubbish when there is no good competitor left in Indian who can statnd as a strong opposition party...! Don't make assumption....
Farmers are given permission to protest but broke the rules which are wrong.
India in a dyer state, how will there combat covid, when people doing as there please, there situation calls for serious compliance, and that ain't happening
Buy this cheap barbed wire from Karkhano market, KPK. Like other smuggled items found there.
first of all congratulations to all farmers of India it is the great achievements that will definitely became memorable in the history 
his father rakesh sinha is in rss and a old farmer got killed by lathi smash on his head repeated by police
Sandeep Choudhary you are great
7:15      don't waste time
PM Narendra Modi might have realized what happened in 1984. Keeping aside what is right/wrong, perception of anti Sikh stance can be problematic putting integrity of country in trouble.
I don't understand your discussion 100pct but as a common man  why should I favour BJP where this party increase the fuel price increased unethical ly and the comon man suffering. Vel vel vetrivel. This is tamil God murugans weapon. Happy everybody is praising.
I want my name back...
How much u vl support govt.
I don't understand this. Some are saying it is a good decision and many farmers agreed to it whereas some says it affects the farmers too much. 
Todayyou make me PROUD Mr. Tarek thank youmost of the time you have nothing else to talk about but India, Pakistan, Muslims, Islamand all that bullshit that we and our parents and grandparents left behind.and moved to Canada a long ago
Question 2-- we have seen police using tear gas and water cannons before during the clash between police and farmers and no one is wearing masks but now they did with khalistani flags and you guys are believing idiotically, they are punjabis and that too i know there would atleast one person serving indian army for every house hold 
India all Farmer are good stap for black act
  5 number         Respect Sir
SALUTE TO NDTV & ITS INCREDIBLE  HARD WORKING REPORTERS & TEAM. REAL JOURNALISM KEEPING DEMOCRACY ALIVE
Repeal is for elections sake not for farmers. No talks simply withdraw after more than a year.
3. The nonmammalian (new mammal) brain, consisting of the neocortex, enables language, abstraction, reasoning, and planning.
Police were outnumbered by these so called farmers . 80 police officers are injured .. opposition is responsible for inciting violence .
They will come back after elections don't worry
Congress are thieves but BJP are goons, rapist ,murderers both are bad at the end of the day
The whole farmer protest is a comedy
Mugals use to do this to Sikh but now a days they have become like mugals . I am sad I have heard Sikh meaning is learn from seeker of truth . Sikh warriors have always forever even their enemies . I don't accept this kind of justice.
Corona has not been kind to india. Otherwise, instead of taking so many innocent lives, it would have taken this scoundrel by now.
There is no law and order, this is what it is when people of this country is also puppet to BJP's propaganda. Now it is them, later others time will also come, no one will listen or disent, you have kept quiet when farmers were getting beaten. This government just want to fill up their pockets and spread hatred. This farmers are not criminals, they are taking their right to dissent. We should never side with politicians they are chameleons, always side with common people this are the people who live amongst us not the politicians who live in luxury
in any country the farmers are poor and work the hardest but the money the make is little. thus gov should do more for them to secure agri sector as it is so important
First nail on Modis cross  I hope and wish that the people of India unite and throw this narcissist out or power before he destroys democracy
How can they seat here since 1 year?
Yogi is better than Modi that I feel now.
Farmers doing what they think is right and police is doing their duty to earn for their family..it's the one who is sitting in AC room eating amazing foods and just giving orders to stop them..instead of finding a way to calm this situation
Why those Mad farmers on road, khalistanis and Jihadis are trying their best to create chaos .
The problem is the prolonged Farmer's agitation, over which this Central government has dithered.
India is different, at least from here we see they treat farmers almost like trouble makers and untouchables , Indian government treat Indian farmers as burden of the country.  A government (especially as India claimed it is a "democracy")  should be for the people, the majority of people in India are farmers, the government should work for them, serve for them, but Indian BJP government does not care about them at all.
Respected prime minister  Modi ji immediate withdrawal farmers against New three law. Don't waste off time . Former strike it created comen public side   your government administration conditions  unsatisfaction.  this situation definitely effect coming Tamil Nadu assembly election. so immediate solve farmers laws . Otherwise yours  government nothing to win comming election.
as like gas subsidy finished. but no one says the subsidy khatam nahi hogi.
I will like u to dubb this in local languages too for benefit of others
Panschil ko indian primunster and amirca or bratin or other country ko bhi sath aana chahiye tb or ish talibani or iska spoter Pakistani ko bhi khtm  krna chahiye
BAAT YAAD RAKHIYEGAA.....
Finally Feku & his sanghis brought down to their knees. Next steps : 
China will support sikh camiunity
Thankyou so much sir 
We can live without dry fruits from Afghanistan
Now they withdrawal this, Plz anyone from farmer family tell does this bill good or bad for u?
Jai shree ram 
Very empressed song u r make me crying 
And celebrate while they are being crushed, and beaten.
No stones were thrown
Well done karan.. ! Really appreciated for supporting farmers..!
Nobody is supporting these fake protest 
They All Are enemy's Of Great India  Army agayi Toh Inn Khalisthaniyo Ka Kya Hoga 
Msp law is like government giving 1 crore to every indian. Think what will be value of 1 rupee then 
Low immunity causes death, trust God Jesus died 4 ur sins n arose on da 3rd day u will get strenth 2 overcome sin death hell satan sickness bad habits n sure in heaven.c jesus heals in google
When police is used to protecting cows more than people 
Punjab get himself declared in Girdawari i.e. Revenue Records as Khud 
Plz clear that Buses will run on 27 or not. Plzzzz
It is an opportunity to see whether these guys respect the National Independent Day.
as against last year's MSP of Rs 1,835 per quintal. and also passed legislation. 
Police is not playing garba with those lathi...  They are hitting them and so are the farmers
All violence and protests are taking place in the name of democracy, right to information, right to protest , freedom of speech , freedom of expression !! 
If I ever estb a news channel no doubt I will employ u
They're still Taliban, they're still an illegal rebel faction based on extremely violent interpretations of their religious sub-sect.
How a such responsible person could give this sort of order. They are just farmers Sahab # Not terrorist.
I love this song very very much.. 
Ye sub Mukesh ambani ko khush krny k leay is modi bhen chod ny kia ye farmer act I am standing with punjab farmers
Have anybody observed he is not pronunciating Modi correctly? It is one way of insulting your enemy in Islam!!!
Miss reporter .... You never have a sound sleep ....
Farmers have actually made it easy for the dominant middle men who have monopoly and mint money. Had they understood the law, they would have realized it was not against them.
Do you think the latest statement of son of Damodarddas could be Another Jumla regarding REPEAL OF FARM LAW !!!
Choudhury Hamid Rasa
A strong but well intentioned opposition... Yogi is not that! Hope he loses.
I trust me this Devil SDM will be saved by his BJP Aka's
Zee news & Zee group owner Subhash Chandra's accounted for 8,400 crs worth of NPAs of Yes Bank.          8,400           ,-Full Promoter holding pledge,
Why parliament allowing money laundering
Sir Unioun Budget ke oopar ek video bana diziye.jisme saare agriculture se related importent topic ko lekar video banayi.
god gives everything for our lives but we never understand and realize that!
So much of echo
Great bro
Because Jesus is coming back
What about the small land owner famers as well as the landless labour ??? I think this bills is some how not partially justified
Videos are surfaced on insta and other social media channels how police fired tear gas without any warning on peacefully marching farmers on assigned routes and even police stopped the marching farmers from routes.
Regardless stubble burning is undeniably profitable for low profit farms but is wrong it shouldn't be done ,obv banning stubble burning will coz problems for some farmers in terms of profit but in the long run more ppl will be harmed from stubble burning and by power of democracy majority must be adhered to not some minority who will be harmed
Anti INDIA Channel. Britain  is also behind backing khalistani which is not farmer.
One who calls taliban terrorists is basically slave and breed worm of America...
We respect our farmer's struggle and support it.  Our support to the media that is covering the struggle of true induan farmers. It makes no difference to farmers of weather, rain, cold, heat, to bend the country rules.
Farmers are always nature lovers and peaceful people they are strong enough to discuss why will they protest then especially when 80 percentage of India is farmers
Please india stand for Jay jawan Jay Kisaan 
THANNK OU VICE NEWS YOU ARE DOING THHE JOB WHAT INDAN MDIA SHOULD DO KEEP IT UP
44 lacks log everyday bhukha sote hai, madarchod
Can't know how I bumped onto this. All in all Damn good video . I also have been watching those similar from mStarTutorials and kinda wonder how you guys make these vids. MStar Tutorials also had amazing info about similiar make money online things on his vids.
Toothy and the p0
What is BJP going to do when voters who supported them feel like this
What a shame on Republic Day we have to see farmers protesting. Govt. had ample days to solve their problems n take back their laws.
World Z
Elections as gye h,ab na chalegi modi ki niti..
Sir mai aap ke class ko off line padhati hu. Aap btao accha padhate hai  .thank you sir
They r not farmers shoot them
Pray for Afghanistan people 
General dyer ki history revise hui
Mr. Banerjee doesnt seems to know much about this subject but has a point of view about where he wants to go. It is quite surprising for a Nobel laureate to not be able to articulate in substantive way. Indian farmers needs a support system where long term storage of grains becomes a reality like in west. That way they can save their crops for the time when there is good price to sell. This is how government can help build for long term solution.
AAP  
Cen gov strict action against Imdte deshdrohi Dhrna.......
Zee news ki phat gayi
First they ignore you 
Mr 56 fit for nothing
Modi is uneducated and he has destructed the whole Country. My heart bleeds that Punjabi cannot go to their own CAPITAL. This is not democracy.
2 year purani vidio
AAYEGA TO YOGI HE .
Good morning sir ge
      The future is free (and regulated) market.
India should start debating on role of a speaker. All statements made my the speaker in this video were highly undemocratic.
Right jay bhim namo buddy
Police should use big sticks to Crush these farmers ruthlessly. Crush them, beat the shit out of them. 
I'll say the main problem of famers in uttar pradesh is that sugarcane ( uttarpradesh is higest sugarcane producer) their price is low in UP thts the main problem farmers are facing here ... But unfortunately in this "andolan" noone talked about our real matter ... Even in panchayat they said remove yogi or modi and so on... Bro u could have just asked for price increament... I support farm law but there are some mistakes tht needs to be improved.. please stop Playing politics with us please 
purchased at minimum support price (MSP) and rest was purchased at lower
Government of India under leadership of PM is a very weak
Unfaithful bjp govt are not even spared farmers where is our country heading too people open ur eyes and elect the good leaders we don't want this mischief every other day
Indian Parliament: The largest old age home in the world
Just imagine the smells now in the crowd 
Whenever there's a problem in the country blame opposition blame pakistan blame china all other external forces and get away with it
Plz stop these kind of prejudice news.seriously shame on you @ajtaak.
It's not death it's a murder 
I know, its a a question from partial information most of the citizens have. Just trying to get the macro picture
oddly satisfying this turn of events might even say i had a bit of a chuckle at this news.
@samdish, Your boss is right. I just subscribed.
This is nt cleared about 3 laws...
I was hardly able to understand all these things ... But u rock it .. really 
India caNOT impose these laws in farmers b/c they have NO JOBS into which to absorb the farmers.
Being a hindu will never vote Congress & tukda gang
One side of coin does not reveal truth. We should hear both parties
They obviously make us waste our time watching this well I trade forex from the comfort of my home with the help and guidance of an expert trader carlos_1uptrades on !G.
Shame on this magistrate for such behaviour . Haryana government has become shameless backing such action.
Think about their families... What they must be going through 
Corona or lockdown shooru karo
Very Nice coverage
3. Corporates are known to complicate and twist legal things, they do as they like e.g. (personal experience) whilst opening dmat or trading account, giving POA is voluntary but all private banks providing these services insist for it.
I thought this is a nice platform for farming sectors and environmentalists..after this video will remove from my recimmendations
Shame on you man. Atleast have some self respect. Firstly you humiliate farmers death and now saying your statement was manipulated. Matlab muh se kya nikal rha wo khud ko e ni pta chl rha. At wht ground your party claiming in Parliament that you are in favour of farmers.? 
Nice bro.  We need more of these.
Thats exactly what the police did .
Bjp elections are sponsored by ambani and adani...
Congress  70 year rule nothing 'nada'  0% for India farmers lives. They didn't  built warehouse for storage for rice and wheat for 70years. His speeches are.fear mongering tactics and lies. Modi farm bill is to protect the farmers income. Minimum set price for farmers produce will expose Con t rest tricks.
Very well explained ...Thank you sir.
No farmers, no food
Wahan k Log to yahi chahte the... Fir kyun bhag rahe hain... In logon k liye ek chance hai... Bhag lo
And I watch all your videos
Uska formula bhi to puch lo isse koi...
What's going on here?  Full crowd? Please help their...
Modi doesn't have the resolve and raw guts
Democracy in form of Emergency
Shame on you corrupted media.
BJP hataoo desh BACHO
6) Farmers were to become self-reliant?
this has been going on for years but its the first time this is caught on camera.
Aap party zindabad bjp se fight se hi kuch ho skta hai bol k yeh log nhi manege
Do you know what I mean?
Because My father is also farmer 
Vese toh bhot kehte hei hum gareeb hei kisan hei fer itni funding kha c arei hei inko ki itni der c morcha lga hua hei har jagah, jab govt ne abhi law implement kia nhi hei stay lgi hui hei then why are they didn't stop yet ?
Yes..., I did a google search: Suicides Farmers India..., 300,000 drank Bill Gates, GMO Roundup weed killer..., yes..., it doesn't look good for those protests..., RoundUp weed killer...
Congratulations to all farmers.
This bill will benefit the farmers ... But their fear is also right ....govt has to come up with a middle way
Farmers association should invest in big data analytics to predict the demand / prices to cultivate crop 
Dear YouTube,this video shows the true face of Ndtv. All this time, they ran shows on why govt must repeal the farm laws. And now when they're repealed, they want them back because many of these news anchors at Ndtv have to create a new fiction for their bread and butter. They were not prepared for this surprise move.
Not in farming business only Fikeyfeum of 2018, I know now Holy ghost balled up.
 india  government is e  BaBa saheb chang se  india men  crazy
There is no better political party for
Yogi never made leftist happy something is there.....
Samdish nihangs ke itni brutality pe bhi ek video banao na ? Don't be biased this time !
This is  the time to stand with Farmers....... No other time left!!
Respect to those who lost there lives
This bpl card concept is misused all over India there's so many people who are wealthy but they're using bpl card and on the other hand we're just on the line of Apl because govt job but the govt dont understand if there's a sole earner in the house  and there are many family members with huge expenses and we have to struggle it's so unfair Indian system is stupid af no checks nothing !
As a great man said Democracy without education is hypocrisy without limitation. In a democracy, the citizens have to be more educated than the rulers
Can someone explain the bills please?
Can the States refuse to implement the 3 Bills BROUGHT in by the CENTRE  which have no Constitutional validity.
Remember 70% population under 35 yrs in country
They should know very well that the whole Country is sick of them and want Modi to take very strong action against them and set an example, no one should be allowed to do this ever again.
That's how you win hearts
So sorry and sad but I proud my afghani women there really brave 
When krishi kanoon are stopped by supreme. Court then why this andolan by Tikat 
This chief advisor Reddy is agent of  Fascist, which is product of EVM manipulation, real democratic forces are now on Road.. hence, firstly Fascist have to resign and follow PAPER BALLOT  ELECTION then real democracy will be there, and then only real democratic modus-operndi can be followed, it is being observed that Citizens are Democratic but they are being rulled by Fascist forces using EVM technology influencing judiciary and with help of all Fascist agents as Election Commission,RTI machenery, Media,Corrupted Industrialists etc. by operating Invisible unproclaimed Fascist emergency.. Save. India, Save Democracy....
What is up police trying to prove ...,.using mike and planned interrogation
17:05 he is only telling half side of the fact and misleading... Why don't check the income of US farmers it's relatively more than average Americans and most of the farmers are in excellent condition... Only 2.2million people are there in farming thier cause of failing are completely different from indian farming.. Reasons are also very different!! Wtf dont mislead people
god of farmer Rakesh tiket is poor only 80crore property  so poor
Social distancing gyi tel lagane , hmare bache jail me se release kr do , nhi to acha nhi hoga , aukat me rhe chai bechne wale , hum to paida hi Choudhary hue the
Salute to Farmers warriors too  who are struggling for survival of 75% population of the Nation linked with agriculture and  protesting against the atrocities of corporate politicians who are trying to giving control of National food grains in the hands of some corporaters for profit purposes.
P. M. Modiji crying for small farmer....
Please Hindustan Times don't call Taliban terrorist because their creator will mind it and will make it angry and do u know who is the creator of Taliban,,so for ur kind information it's USA who create Taliban ,,why world media have no courage to told the America that u create Taliban against Russia and called them freedom fighters and u r responsible for what happening in Afghanistan today,,such a hypocrite world media is
Or what, you think just because its a woman the entire faction is going to transform into peace and liberty?
BTech final year students are eligible in computer instructor exam or not??
When has this country/region not been at war? If ever.
Communist support farmers riots not every farmer in India is doing this drama shame on far-left to use farmer for their agenda
Past few months?
No farmers no food modi down down
Full support farmers protect
I'm strongly support modi, but if bjp bring this bill,,than believe me bjp forget about center, they can't even getting any provincial govt. & first-time rahul saying right, i know even he doesn't know anything about this matter, 
Sarkar kia cheej hai tere se to congres bhi darti hai
Punjabi Farmers will not let any government implement this bill in their state!
Pause the video.
I am now regrating to see this kind of news, 
We the middle class people as the final consumers will be facing problem. We do not want these laws.
U didn't told how the farm laws were actually passed!
Mr Modi & Shah both are criminal & murderer of 750 farmers for which both will be punished by our judiciary within short period of time.
very well researched and presented
Worest canada
Modi, Yogi & UP police: Yes ( and will always be)
My aunt and cousins were there then they noticed on the news there was gonna be a protest on Vietnam because they were there so they took the plane and luckily they flew away and lived.
How to win elections 101
Taliban thinks they can fight Gurkhas
I support farmers 
Not yet wait for real truth one SYSTEM in all India one prices in all India not state by state  EQUAL rights equality will save all farmers
Kissan andolan ne reality dikha di es government ki
ZEE HINDUSTAN IS A GODI MEDIA AND IS INSULTING TIKAIT.    SHAME SHMAE ON YOU MR.  MAKSOOD. K(AN.  YOU ARE A GADDAR ACT8NG AGINST. FARMERS.   SHAME.  YOU WILL BE PUNISHED  BY YOUR  ALLAH. TALAH.   SHEME. MAKSOOD. KHAN.
You know things are serious when Amit Shah himself comes to explain the situation in disguise.
This is a paid chatukar of Bjp.. Comes here to spoil the society.. Beware from these nasty people..
Farmers bill recall - Massive Win for Indian Democracy today
Disaster disaster disaster get ready india. It seems you have more easily mislead population on your hands. People with some sense are hard to come by.
Free Punjab and haryana  NZ supports
vote the right politician of your city , its does not matter if they are from xyz parties.
No to religion barbarism.
Election tak meeting khatm nahi hogi
Rahul kanwal is pure  bjp agent....bjp borrowed large sum of money from Chinese banks after LAC issue ....even TIK Tok has given 30 crores to PM Care fund for corona .....do they have shame getting money from enemy.....but pm preaches to boycott Chinese products
Congress is a liar.
Puri ghatna. Me bichare driver ka kya dosh tha . Jisse sir or lathiyon se war kiye gye
I support the farmers 1,000%, you guys keep fighting never give up until you get what you want you have a right to what you want and you have a right to be treated and paid fairly farm work is back breaking hard work everyday 24 hours a day so I just want everyone to know that I support the farmers and the USA support the farmers
Lol this lady is worried about the metro.
Jai shree ram 
  And turne elsewhere,  to  Nepal,  Bhutan,  sikkim etc
Go get em lord no mercy on the wicked and dark hearths
BBC ..... WAS ass IS ass Will be Ass
As election coming 
Best teacher best lecture as always.. Love you Amit Sir.. 
May be some tents to be allocated to this channel.  What a shame this channel should know the difference between anti government and anti national
Desh ke anndaata par water cannen Aur kashmir me pather waz aatnki par no water can no tears gas no return pather no lati charge  q Aisa bhai
Why can't govt make buyers in APMC to buy atleast at MSP?
Support Farmers
This is brilliant..Thankyou!
The guy who said it louder : *Storming of the Red Fort*
We will win.