Shaking the world was best joke 
you order or sell products online but only & only farmers cant as per old law why such discrimination
this bill has made for Ambani , Adani ,   not for indan
Election formula, socho kitne din kisan batke fir aaj suddenly vapas,
A government aginst our own farmers..indian Hitler modiraj murdhabad corporate Bandhu Modi murdhabad black law's should be removed immediately
I am understand owesi's sapeech
Central will agree with farmer without any condition. Jay javan jai kishan..........
This is his first vlog I have ever liked.
This time govt  should have taken strong action . In the name of protest they have done many wrong things ,attack on parliament, thrown tirabga .
Any government who makes farmers cry..
Govt should come out and give clarification regarding these protest ..
First read Farm Bills then make video bro coz knowledge without clarity is dangerous and we don't make our law on the basis of foreign people opinion and media...
AIM is the hero that we need, not the one that we deserve.
Bhakts fighting in the comment section. You all truly believe that they are khalistanis even after 10 months of protest in the states UP,HARYANA, PANJAB,RAJASTHAN. Parents ne paise waste krdiye inn bhakto ki padhaayi me kyuki seekha to kuch nhi siwaay blindly follow krne k.
Support Kejriwal for PM of India
Now you know who will be happy... certain sections who feels threaten by bjp.... Who are at 'heads of social medias,news channels, bollywood bosses and who have friends with political dynasties.." it's a shame that certain families are ruling and heading all political parties.. n they are deciding fate of billions of people... Same families are ruling generations after generation's... Do u actually call it democracy?? India need only one party, without any Dynasty..just like China... Politicians should be selected on the basis of their performance.... There should be no religion,cast.... But that will sadly not happen...
Truth cannot be suppressed...a wave of truth will drown the evil...its just the matter of  time..keep up the good work..never ever give up
we want krishi kanoon , we   pay  tax  how these ppl can impose  his  own wish  on us ...it must not revoked else we ll  come  on  road
Respected prime minister  Modi ji immediate withdrawal farmers against New three law. Don't waste off time . Former strike it created comen public side   your government administration conditions  unsatisfaction.  this situation definitely effect coming Tamil Nadu assembly election. so immediate solve farmers laws . Otherwise yours  government nothing to win comming election.
Genuine review 
The government doesn't care at all for the public opinion  they say this help will gain more profit for farmers and for us in the coming 5 years or 10years 
Always positive reply from Tikait sir
  We have to industrialise the rural India. We have to reduce the area under crops to maintain the demand for the farm produce as Taiwan, South Corea and Israel have done.China also, which name these days we don't like at all.
Farmer acts good not change
stop this, take action, enough is enough, take action, whatever is required. no more blackmail to government should be entertained
America also did the same by these kind of laws and the small farmers cannot go to other states or even other district to sell their produce that is why the mandi system needs to be stronger
Simply explained to the understanding of edugated common man. Kudos to your effort. Same way these bills should be explained in regional languages too so that every citizen even if he's illiterate should be able to understand.
That what They also done to Article 370 35-A it ruined kashmir  and no one was able to do anything
Bjp fun made powerful oppostion leaderS 
farmers are on right, govt should be held on negotiate with them
Sarkar apni zimmedari se bach rahi hai..jesa Petrol k sath kiya.. co-op decide krenge price kitna hona chahiye.. based on demand. If demand is low price will be low. And in off season price will be out of limit. Let's see privatization of backbone of Indian economy.
Eagles are flying on the dead bodies.
2) Abolish CAA-NRC
It would have been better if you had done little more research on farm bills and had explained government's point of view too.
Study farmers bill, then Vice ( the name carries your intention) will be "wise" enough to understand that it is for the farmers, to the "INDIAN FARMERS". You can also check how the middlemen in the mandi market involve in the produce. Do your homework well before you bluff.  If you don't know a subject please do not comment on it.
Mr. Manmohan Singh also stood to his ground when there was lot of protest in TN against the kudangulam nuclear plant. These were organized by separatists funded from outside the country. Because of Mr Singh's tough stand is why kudangulam is operational today
No support in western UP for tikait....bheed jutta rakhi h...
we need farm bills to be implemented
we support the government the farm bills are right
the government is right the bills are good for farmers
the govt should not listen their demands these are fake protestors
why the protestors are not wearing a mask
where is social distancing
they are not farmers they are khalistanis 
these are not farmers these are khalistani terrorists
they are protesting without knowing the reality 
rakesh dacoit is doing this for publicity
rakesh tikait is such a fraud
fake news by ravish kumar always against the govt
ndtv always tries to defame the government
this is not win of farmers but win of middlemen
why only punjabis are protesting this does not include the whole country
hume farm bill chahiye
hum sarkaar ke sath he farm bills sahi he
ye sub nakli kisaan he modi ji inki baat mat suno
modiji should not listen to these protestors
modi and yogi zindabad
khangress kisaan ko bhadka raha he
jai shree ram modi sahi he
ye sub khalistani he muje pata he
janta ke paise barbaad ho raha he inki wajah se
they are wasting tax payers money sub aatankwadi ha
rakesh tikait kisano ko bhadka raha he
tractor chadha diya ye kaisa andolan he
modi ji ne kuch soch samajh ke bill wapas liya hoga
ye kisano ki haar he sub middleman ki jeet he
nakli kisan andolan bund karo
Victory of perseverance & people power.
I SUPPORT farmers of India
I support my farmers.
So i dont support them... 
Respected         ..    .. Mp     
We r supporting farmers ....bjp hatao desh bachao
Those who hoisted flags on Redfort yestday were the same team Campaigned for Bjp in Loksabha elections for Sunny Deol.
These are not Farmers these are goons
How can humanity be so desperate?
i was angry on why Vice haven't uploaded any video on Farmers protest. 
We will import dry fruits from other produsing countries
Not cool America!
Jay hind wande mataram in club jindabad hindustan jindabad bharat mata ki Jay. I love you my india and my all brother and sister and my indian army. . . . . 
Afghanistan people should fight for freedom
Election aagye up me
Kindly read democracy what is this democracy
Mandis are not good to operate , our tax money is spent on Mandis which is not good sign
He actually said something opposite what farmer leaders are saying
My grandfathers always used to say that once in a life u will need a doctor,a lawyer ,a deitician....but 3 times a day you will just need a farmer...!
3- 4 state mein a protest hoa  tha....20 + state mein a protest nahi hua....
Brave leader we are with you priyanka ji we are with farmers!
#IStandWithIndianFarmers..
This is the gift of getting nation out of food insecurity
About contract farming, the set up is quite similar to futures' market in finance (fixing the price in the contract before farming). A solution to avoid counterparty risk in these farming contracts could be to set up an exchange. It may not be feasible immediately but can be pondered on for long term benefits in order to increase transparency in future.
Supreme court: You cannot block the roads indefinitely. 
Now if u say me bhakt I will happily accept that title as an award.
If these are farmers than 
So do india tries same with farmers protest with nrc caa protest with 370 abolition protest USA do in their protest no one speaks then
4. Present the reversal as great favor from Modiji.
We never apology him and waiting for resigning at BJP
Harender taoo did great job in this protest 
Panjsher... Love from India
Constitution of India is above All.
Deer shed antlers business is banned only in india..
godi media will never show this
we support farmers protest
ban the bjp govt ban modi
yogi and modi both are goons 
many farmers have died protesting but the govt is blind
please save the farmers
power to my farmer brothers we are with you
jai jawan jai kisaan i support farmers
godi media is showing rakesh tikait as bad
modi is such a conman
save democracy i will never vote for bjp
extremist government should be shameful poor farmers are suffering
they want assuarance msp should be given
farmers will be fooled by private players
how can poor farmers win against private players
kisan mange puri karo jai jawaan jai kisaan
rakesh tikait zindabad modi murdabad
govt is doing lathi charge fascist government
zee news and godi media is spreading hatred
historical victory of farmers govt has lost
kisan bhahiyo ki jeet hui 
power to my kisan brothers long live india
good coverage by ndtv we support ravish kumar
bjp chor he modi chor kisan ko loot rahe he
kisan mandi me jake bech sakta he
we should stand for right of farmers
farmer feed us we should support them
andhbhakts will say they are fake 
andhbhakto ko lagta he kisan nakli he
shame on godi media spreading false news
Abhijit needs a holiday and a shave. He's losing it!
What are the countries gain or loss to be precise
Thankyou to the Newslaundry Team. I'll pay my gratitude very soon.
this is good explanation,. you really understand the topic you talk about it
Thanks
Ur explaination is very good
God : YouTube comment and Comment section
Many many thanks sir jee
My respect for NDTV is increasing day by day just because of this kind of journalism. I hope we had many more such news channels in our country. We really need to keep in check our source of information in these crucial times.
And your views what do you think should it be legal or
Pin point explained the hard truth of farm protest.
God bless Mr. Ajit Anjum, and this Family,,,bless him with HEALTH, Wealth.. He is clean heart person
Lots of love to Lado Rani and respect to parents. You all are blessed souls who despite being Non-Sikh  volunteered your selfless services and have full faith in unknown people. It reflects your purity of mind. Short  of words to express feelings. Stay blessed always
Edit: This is sarcasm :)
Thanks a tonne!!
Finally the day came 
This  happened when,  indian got most  uneducated PM EVER.
highly impressive and very good logic
Lal kila is national proud and so called farmers have shamed the country .. Delhi CP should resign immediately
Shame on such people 
But really heights of stubbornness is crossed by the govt.
Thanx sir great information
Ye to fek news hai
Why ndtv is  beeping this conversation
i wasn't fortunate enough to witness the revolt that brought us freedom in 1947, but i am very lucky to witness a revolution like this. This surely will go down in the books of history.
Bhai i have seen many news reporter like ravish Kumar ...they are not clear .. they talk like they are against of bjp congress ..but you explain very well ...   Thank u
Like always, both sides are at fault
First one is savage
Who doesn't listen, must but feel
thank you sir ji
congratulations for 1 million subscribers
thank you maam
this is bullshit 
i can't understand anything
good explaination nicely explained
good job keep it up
something is not right what does it mean
thanks for the explaination 
thank you for showing different perspective of the farmer protest
subscribe to our channel we post latest videos
this is not right
ye kya ho raha he
mazak he kya
lots of love maam
shut the fuck up
the anchor is doing great job
lol what does he want
omg such a cartoon
our courses are the best please join our courses
wrong analysis i am unsubscribing
bekar channel he 
he is a joker
c'mon man do you think this is right
god will punish you 
may allah save us
bhagwan bacha lo 
sab narg me jayenge
proud of you mam
shameful act
