I did Rakesh ticket I need to know how come we
IS TIKAIT PREGNANT
Ravish Kumar style in funny way. Truly a gem
Modi is smarter than we think.
Modi government should accept the demands of the farmers give them there wrights every one is United against injustice..modi has no wife or kids he doesn't understand the problems of farmers and there family's
Tikait ji yeah tho bol do yaar Vote for BJP only...
farmers always thinks corporate are looters. This perception should change
Ravish Kumar is honest .anchor journalist real news broadcast by you God bless you  salute salute salute
Rakesh tikait g real hero of farmers
No support to these broker middleman mandi walas
Tikait always right
The farmers with tractors are rich farmers & getting full  benefit of MSP earning  non taxable income
Rakesh sir is right
Rakesh ji Tikaat is not only a farmer he is a Baabar Sher on farmers
Farmers have already filed case in Supreme Court challenging legality of these laws.  A good multi pronged action.  They should also ask their BJP MPs and MLAs whether they stand with farmers or against.  They should boycott all of those who are favouring the farm laws and denigrating the farmers movement.  They should protest in front of BJP offices in each of the districts asking the party to take a stand against the bills
So Punjab and Haryana Farmers keep producing these resource intensive crops like paddy, sugarcane.. Sell all to government. Government exchequer bears all brunt.. Ultimately the common tax payers. With private sector money flow, technical expertise and demand they can start growing high yield crops, benefit themselves and the companies. So basically Haryana and Punjab farmers want things to stay as it is as they fill up the FCI quota. Hmmpf!
Farmers should become more competitive
why Ravish kumar not done Prime time till now on this murder ?
Modi. Slowly he is moving to Achieve
Farmers Degrading Indian flag??? Nah these are traitors
Punjab is our pride, our India`s pride, but you have taken the worst step that could have been taken.
In support of farmers and for our own food, nothing wrong or loss to bear the legitimate inconveniences caused to us.
Ravish sir Salute
Modi has shown weakness in the blockage incidents, in the insult f national flag and in the U turn. With the Hindus being a bit more aware, religion has become a factor in Indian polity. But with them having no other Hindu party BJP milks their emotion but doesn't care about them as they will have to vote the BJP. Thus Bengal boils, sadhus are killed. 
Rakesh taikat in very bad and mad  sp in very Chor price .
Modi should quit. He always takes foolish actions.
Haryana me sir todne ki baat kar rahe hai SDM. U.P k SDM hote to g*nd tod kr property bhi bikwa dete with poster.
As Modi and Shah are not the persons who will easily give up and rescinding these laws will halt their plans to bring in more reforms and more laws that are going to affect people on religious grounds, therefore, for them, it will be either my way or no way.
Ravish   : Tell me more bout Hindu's Islamophobia
(FARMERS ARE NOT TERRORIST)
Ravish ji.. there is something called foreign policy. Taliban's are declared as terrorists group very long back. There is something called time and context for enmity. 
Rakesh Ticket Ji,
Farmers' protest started with great intent, and to be honest they have got a lot improved through discussions with the government. The MSP is guaranteed along with other demands that were put in as a check to not let corporate overlords take advantage of vulnerable farmers. 
Punjab farmer lobby is different!!
We support this Bill if one state not get advantage from it doesn't means to let other poor farmers also suffer 
And now farmers will enjoy lavishing life & economy of farmers will rise 10 times which were never happened before. Khusia manao. . Congress bale hi farmers ke bare me sochte the. Unke jamane ka hi farmers ka condition thik tha.
Punjab and Haryana want all their rice and wheat to be bought by FCI leaving all other farmers from rest of India in the mercy of local traders.
take modi to these protests 
khalistan is their ultimate solution.......they are waste their time in these demonstrations
Why are the farmers supporting  middlemen? Both the families of Amrinder Sing, CM ,and Badal, are loosers in the new system.  So why landless and small farmers  protesting? A few years back, the middlemen supported by Forward Block party in WB, stalled the establishment of Metro  Cash and Carry in Kolkata,  fearing that small farmers would be held economic hostage by the company. But after 10 to 12 years, you can see nothing of that sort happened  and the farmers are happy with the deals. Those middlemen  sought other forms of employment.
Modi:Where is India's dad?
Farmers koo essential commodities ki supply close kr deni chahiye urban areas koo tb pta chlye ga ki farmers terrorist hai ja khalistani. Farmers is only farmers, they all are human beings not terrorists or khalistani.STOP blaming them.............
So both farmers and govt are right and wrong in their own place, there are disadvantages as well as advantages to this bill. Discussions should be done to remove the disadvantages once and for all rather than making it political issue. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Jai Hind
RAVISH YOU ARE AMAZING.GET YOUR POINT LOUD AND CLEAR.
we need farm bills to be implemented
we support the government the farm bills are right
the government is right the bills are good for farmers
the govt should not listen their demands these are fake protestors
why the protestors are not wearing a mask
where is social distancing
they are not farmers they are khalistanis 
these are not farmers these are khalistani terrorists
they are protesting without knowing the reality 
rakesh dacoit is doing this for publicity
rakesh tikait is such a fraud
fake news by ravish kumar always against the govt
ndtv always tries to defame the government
this is not win of farmers but win of middlemen
why only punjabis are protesting this does not include the whole country
hume farm bill chahiye
hum sarkaar ke sath he farm bills sahi he
ye sub nakli kisaan he modi ji inki baat mat suno
modiji should not listen to these protestors
modi and yogi zindabad
khangress kisaan ko bhadka raha he
jai shree ram modi sahi he
ye sub khalistani he muje pata he
janta ke paise barbaad ho raha he inki wajah se
they are wasting tax payers money sub aatankwadi ha
rakesh tikait kisano ko bhadka raha he
tractor chadha diya ye kaisa andolan he
modi ji ne kuch soch samajh ke bill wapas liya hoga
ye kisano ki haar he sub middleman ki jeet he
nakli kisan andolan bund karo
I support this bill
Farmers have been violating law, 
Its all modi fault modi go agree with farmers Highway. Will reopen. Same day.  Why he no care.
#farmers #pleasesupportfarmer
Its modi   who do not accept funds and dance on the tunes of china as it was once with khangress.
I support this...!!
Modi is effected by 2002 syndrome. Though he was not atall involve tons of muks was thrown to him. Now he is himself starts feeling gulti of the crime which was not done by him. So he is not taking any strict actions. He may be want to spend the remaining life peacefully.
The farmers were asking for their rights. Why were they hit so badly ? 
Farmers: *Protest
Most of the farmers in all other states did not have a problem. 
Modi on his own now his boyfriend Trump is gone. Biden won't be as friendly
MODI YOGI TADIPAR     
In Modi-Yogi we trust.
Support indian farmers
Most in Punjab and bit in Hariyana rich middle class
Farmers after these bills would never be dependent on Govt and may not force them for begging from Govt 
For us farmers ,i would say dont create chaos in city let govt function.when govt remove msp then we will do protest.
Modi ji you have made a wrong decision  no Voat for you
Tikait brothers called for muslim genocide during 2013 mujaffarnagar  riots 
Modi ji will never repeal CAA &NRC  law because Muslim is not core voter of bjp
Farmers are real heroes
The Modi Government is behaving like dictator. BJP should be dumped soon.
My support for famer
We are farmers not a terrirst
I support the farmers!!!!!! May their protest be successful.
To support Muslims
Farmers are right!!!!!
We support farmers, if anything happens.. We all people come and support the farmers in their place. Modi ji u can't simply sells Everything
Punjab farmers are rich and bigger so they don't need to worry but imagine of small farmers who are going to die of hunger again
Modi is weak.  I want to against Punjab farmers is mad.
I m with farmers
farmers we are with you
Modi Ambani se to puch le esa n ho party fand bnd kra de wo 
I support this bill is helpful for farmer
Farmers of India are dying but modi govt is not listening to them from last 4-5 months
Haryana punjab unity..... mann sanu haryane wale bro te to sade nal khade... nd all farmers of india .. superb... we are farmers.. hame pta hai haq kaise lete hai
Farmers have become Deshdrohis and RSS have become Deshbhakts....issse bada Joke to Maine nahi suna..
Rakesh Tikayet ne indian small farmers ko andhakar me dhakel diya.  History will never forgive him & his agents.
Farmers: we are coming to Delhi
Modi shouldn,t have been gone so low.
Modi Shah brought these devil laws
Farmers were protesting peacefully from last 5 months... Today deliberately govt planned this to diminish the protests...
Farmers are the backbone of India. Don't try to break them.
Now Modi should repel his articles against the Kashmirs and let the Kashmirs decide their fate.
We support farmer protect 
I support kishan... Lekin jo so called kishan ne kia usko support nehi karta. It is unfortunate to see 26 jan event by the aggressive jali kishan the are not actual bharat ki kishan.
Support Farmers 
Farmers still do sell their crop outside mandis.
The other farmers who support these laws should try to support these laws by counter protests.
SUPPORT TO THE FARMERS !!
Why modi or amitshah didn't visit the farmer protest site all these 9 months ? And promise the farmers of MSP.agriculture is a state subject,but bill was passed with out consulting states and by cancelling question hour in parliament when the bill was passed.completely unconstitutional.
Modi BJP will sale all root and institution on one men BJP sponsorship.
#No_farmers_No_food..pls stand with farmers
I support farmers they have every right to protest and democracy is joke in india...the national media is sponsored by government ambani adnani are private players whom govt favours and MODI IS THE CLOWN WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS ...mess
Farmers bills are uselessssssssssss
Those farmers are anti nationals now.
godi media will never show this
we support farmers protest
ban the bjp govt ban modi
yogi and modi both are goons 
many farmers have died protesting but the govt is blind
please save the farmers
power to my farmer brothers we are with you
jai jawan jai kisaan i support farmers
godi media is showing rakesh tikait as bad
modi is such a conman
save democracy i will never vote for bjp
extremist government should be shameful poor farmers are suffering
they want assuarance msp should be given
farmers will be fooled by private players
how can poor farmers win against private players
kisan mange puri karo jai jawaan jai kisaan
rakesh tikait zindabad modi murdabad
govt is doing lathi charge fascist government
zee news and godi media is spreading hatred
historical victory of farmers govt has lost
kisan bhahiyo ki jeet hui 
power to my kisan brothers long live india
good coverage by ndtv we support ravish kumar
bjp chor he modi chor kisan ko loot rahe he
kisan mandi me jake bech sakta he
we should stand for right of farmers
farmer feed us we should support them
andhbhakts will say they are fake 
andhbhakto ko lagta he kisan nakli he
shame on godi media spreading false news