If farmers think this bill is not good for their future, so drop it because you are passing it for the vantage of farmers.
Rakesh Tikait Uncle ji..Great Personality ! 
Modi is manipulative dont ever trust him.
farmers from all the states are protesting....
Tikait chaduni pandher and pannu have instigated the farmer youth by their inflammatory statements... Liquor was also responsible as many people were drunk
Farmers have really proved how strong is unity !!
We support RSS
Farmers seek getting good price whether via APMC or private company. We guess, It's always APMC makes 100% profit. Gov't is giving that freedom to farmers to sell where they get good price than congress law where farmers have to sell for less cost to tied APMC worker and middle man APMC makes money.
Both farmers and consumers, both are looser.
          To support the Kissans I have stopped to listen Godi media on TV and disliking too on social media
Modi government is doing such big things..Tripple talaq, 370, CAA, Educational reform, Farmer bill. Kudos to this government 
These farmers looting other states farmers income
More than farmers general public gets affected by this laws as the prices will be fixed by corporates at will and it will surely be outrageous
Farmers Don't give up against dictatorship 
Farmers andolan and its success is an inspiration for deprived farmers of whole world.
These are the farmers of our country whose demands the government was unable to fulfill and they decided to carry out peaceful protests from the very start, the group who hoisted that flag separated itself from the peaceful tractor rally, moving towards the red fort was led by deep siddhu, farmers claim that going to the red fort was not even in their plan
Ravish kumar singlehandedly makes me believe on the zenith of Indian character!! Wish we had you in Pakistan!
Support.. Bt aware about ur health
I support farmers 
farmers and government should come to middle ground directly rejecting laws will only make any reform in any sector in India difficult.
Farmers voice is matter in this 2021 elections.....
If Modi government does not care about Farmers then let all the CHAI WALAS in this Country be removed first ... then we will see how he reacts
Only the farmers of Punjab are celebrating ....90% of poor farmers keep suffering in india.
# I support this lathi charge
Why Farmers had to do this?
Modi knew that it is better to withdraw the law, otherwise the government will fall, poor Modi (bichara modi) 
Farmers should not be attacked
Modi is spineless PM .. there is no national interest for him other than that vote 
Support farmers kyoki media channels bik chuke hai,it will not tell you the reality
Its in farmers hand how and where and when they want to see. Till they dont come into any agreement with the private organisation regarding their growing of vegetations. They can sell according to themselves if they are free from any binding. Its on farmers if they want to sell to any government bodies or anywhere in net. Farmers should decide completely in their moves. If according to the new bill they want to sell their product in any private organisations its on them. They can sell according to future rates or according to present rates thats should depend on them totally. Every profits gain should go to them. A government body should be formed which can look after the private mandis trade. There should be a government and 2 parties understanding where it should be memtioned about their future activities. The body should be given complete freedom to support and help the farmers and protect their gain or interests of anyway. It should be a clear transparency where state and central government should be earning by taxes and other means both in sarkari mandis or private. So government have to come into 2 job, thats providing safety and security and protection of farmers interests of anytype plus 2ndly to gain taxes in the mandis. It requires few clarification and changes in the law and the farmers can improve their vegetation and produce more keeping workers and labourers under them.
Support Indian farmers from Australia
but these farmers have
Modi's "visionary" reforms, what was said before and after, by BJP and GODI media
Modi should take the responsibility..
Farmers are lifeline of world ... salute farmers and bbc lifeline of truth
Tikait thug life
Now Modi ji took a step back by this but I hope you know when Modi took one step back then what will next.?? 
Farmers win 
Farmers want that msp written mein btayi jaye ki konsi crop pe kitna milega,,,
Farmers have crossed all limits, this should have happened.
We are with farmers.. Shame modi& bjp
We Support Farmers
If, farmers are not getting the MSP is the main problem why is govt not trying to make sure they get the MSP. Why don't the govt create a highly effective body to regulate agricultural sector ( Something like SEBI ) ( SEBI is effective, right ?)
Tikait is a not person it's a thought we stand with him
Rakesh Tiket ji well qualified I like his speech
We support NDTV 
Tikait has got political ambitions. The other side, so called kisans, are also crossing limits. How to control them...Could they be be allowed to do anything under garb of some Andolan.
FOR FARMERS( THEIR LEADERS WHO ARE DPONDORED BY OPPOSITION) BHARATH  IS ONLY COVERING FEW AREAS OF STATES WHERE  ALL 26 PIECENEAL OPPOSITION PARTIES HAVE SOME SUPPORT STILL.Statewise agitation fizzled out.So now to show that entire nation agitated by giving some photos of pre-planned gatherings destroying govt property like what they did in DELHI.
MODI govt cares about farmer's interest just as much as GODIMEDIA care about Journalism....
Rally should go peacefully 
I AM MODI SUPPORTER BUT THIS TIME
rakesh tikat true picture of 21st century farmer
Farmers : YES!
to Modi and Amith Shah  throughout the
These farmers need to move on to a more sustainable business model. Right now they are living on charity through indirect subsidies like MSP and free electricity, Are the indian farmers not capable of living without charity?
Modi ji uour govt is showing weakness and antinational movement by Tikat is doing the way he want to disturb contry environment
Farmers are clearly well informed. Look at the discussion, the police wala doesn't know a thing.
This is why Modi is in power. He will next election too
We support BJP
Farmers were protesting for the past 60 days and yet didn't resort to violence 
Tikait shab you are a great  leader .Your way of answering is very  intellectual.
No farmers no food
Punjab is a border state. PM got inputs from Amarinder. PM knows ground reality.more than Abhijit.
Tikait should be deported to Beijing,they will give him the treatment he so richly deserves
Here Modi government losses first time after 2014...... this is to be noted 
I'm farmers and I know#FARMBill2020 is in interest of Farmers
But now tikait will come with one more demand
The farmers who celebrate this are applauding their own decline. Punjab used to be richest state now middle of the pack. All the youth going Canada etc. They think they are good because Biharis, UP labourers come and work. But one day even these states will overtake. Read hare and tortoise story. Punjab got headstart with green Revolution but became complacent. Just want to work fields, missed out on manufacturing. 
Farmers bill is not wrong but there are some loopholes which govt have to fix it.
Ravish Kumar  is 
I support with u sir
After this modi has gained my respect. Shows leadership quality
 When Modi was 19-year-old in 1969, ISRO was founded, nationalized 14 banks,Tarapur Atomic Power Station became operational.
Modi govt policy failed every sector economy like agri or industrial sector.
Farmers too much depends on government that is the main problem.  Give them freedom to sell their products according to their wish
Support farmers of india
Farmers should demand nationalization all Adani owned food items storage facilities. 
Some Farmers are unable to understand the vision of PM Modi. He always looks beyond 20 years and does things. It's unfortunate that farming sector won't be able to move forward.
We are farmers from Gujrat.  We was doing better with the new laws. These people did not understand the new law, so we have to go back to old times. Silly people
We support panchsir solder
Farmers is  Great
We support Indian farmers 
#with farmers
Now Our Farmers are Going to become billionaire..
DACOIT AND KHANGRESSI WILL BE VERY HAPPY THAT THEY CAN CONTINUE THEIR BROKER BUSINESS OF LOOT !
farmers do not want to come under Income tax slab, that's why they refuse new farmer laws.
We are Farmers and we are happy with these bills. All these Kisan netas are doing politics and not just politics but the politics of hate which is not good for the nation. Because of this Gundagardi by Andolanjeevis govt will hesitate to bring reforms in other sectors too, which is again not good for our country
THIS TIKAIT SHOULD BE BOOK UNDER NATIONA SECURTY ACT....BJP KA PAAS 320 + LOKSABHA SEAT HAI TOH DAAR KISIKA....???????????//PUT THIS MAN BEHINFD THE BAR.
Farmers will enrich only when they can decide their selling price,not a middle man or any private companies 
We support Narendra Modi only leaderships
Only punjab farmers are creating nuisance ..Khalistan and Pakistan guys
Farmers are Real Soldier - Salute to them ! 
Where is the support for farmers agitations in other parts of the country?
Again modi proved that he is total failure, aap sir Gujarat Sambalo, kyonki baki india Bajeka.... Never seen such a person who works only for corporates and business man. Chunav ke badh app petrol or diesel ko Rs 200 tak leke janeka 
I support farmers from my state of Odisha who are mostly poor in comparison to those from Punjab and Haryana. I'm neither pro farmers nor anti Government in the present protest which is mostly Punjab and Haryana centric who seems to be well off, but I have faith that the new bill with some minor corrections will bring the necessary fresh changes in the farmers from my state who otherwise are poor all along. So,  worth a try. Before anyone commenting on the topic please download the Farmers bill 2020 and study it carefully from every angle. If you want to understand what the bill projects you can see it in the explanation given as a guide to IAS studies by Dhristi IAS - Farmers bill 2020 which has explained all angles attached to the bill in 3 hours. Let better sense prevail in these trying moments of Covid - 19. 
If farmers are breaking guidelines having weapons and modified tractors which can move buses and horses. Than police can do this
Modi..amit.shah..aur.yogi.KO..sh aram..ani.chahye..b.j.p.down.down..
Farmers must be given respect and there due rights whether they are living in Pakistan or India because they feed the world
Modi finally kneeling down Modi also have let down the people stood with him in solidaritynow seeing modi being weak, more protests are going to happen Advantage opposition
(a) Farmers (b) Bharat (c)Opposition party (d)Dividend if any to be garnered in the coming UP and Punjab election (e) His Modiness gilding his image away from a mere politician to a statesman?
We support farmer.....
Again.....farmers will lead their same life.
Punjab All freebies , subsidies , tax exemptions meant for the small 
Tikait jindabaad..think about youths, farmers.
Punjab farmers are not joke they are educated more than full bjp education combined
Rakesh Tikait has more experience than many........., well done ! Rakesh keep it up.
Most of the farmers in India are fairly uneducated and live in poverty. The problem with bills is that while it promotes free market and opens new possibilities & options for farmers, it will encourage more and more corporates to enter in agri trade. the contract farming will be encouraged by these companies who have lawyers who will exploit the loopholes in system and put clauses and conditions in the contract to minimise the wages of farmers. Do you think a farmer will make rounds of courts when it doesn't deliver on the contract due to bad weather. Similarly stock hoarding will be a problem in future as companies will play a role in controlling prices and demand just as in stock market. Don't forget that only thing that matters for corporates is profits.
Tikait was unable to save his deposit in both lok, vidhan sabha elections. Why does he matter so much?
I support farm law's
We support the former
Punjab and Haryana gets benefits because there is a good system for procurement they has APMCs not political links to sell produce to government.
Modi import everything in india to cooperative societies india railway  airlines airport also soled
We support farmers. 
Modi should Resign
No farmers No food 
Modi or bjp  mooh ke baal geera. modi dont play with jumlas and joot. phoot shoot leaders beware.. Shameless godi media, now change topic to blame kissan.
Farmers can't fight against the MNC if they get cheated in the agreement.
The repeal is a loss of small and marginal farmers.
Tikait is onely bullet, gun is another and gun man is another one. 
Farmers Great
I support Famers.
Because those farmers have guts ..
Only punjab & haryana have problem
Farmers protest is acceptable as we live in a democractic nation , but in the shadow of this protest some people are raising some anti national voices which is completely wrong .
Modi govt. needs to go. Enough of it.
Only farmers 
#No farmers no food 
Modi Should think about national interest and public welfare before taking a discision instead of  just appear and breakout with a shocking News everytime like before
Farmers have full rights to protest but always encourage them keep peaceful and patience at all times. The world is watching you closely through many channels. I remember the word( Mera Bharat Mahaan hai,Ek Bhimisal DESH Hai)
If farmers sit in the middle of the road they will get crushed.
Farmers: Nah Bro. I want middlemen to set my price. Oh and also I want the state govt to take some of the profit.
No Farmers No Food So plz support Farmers 
I am from Punjab and totally appreciate your impartial and accurate explanation of the whole process in the light of actual facts. NOT politicized heresy. Thanks
Why modi g wearing saree.
Farmers are not stupid ,give them tools and income they can produce miracles 
MODI THE MOST FROD OF NATION
For once, I support Biden's decision. Why let his countrymen die needlessly? Every Afghan supports Islamic sharia law; this is exactly what the Islamic extremists want too. Even if the US army had stayed there for the next 200 years, Afghans would still want to be ruled by islamic laws
We support farmers 
This Farmers protest will end BJP rule in India
Farmers issues need to be settled!
Most of these farmers are educated enough and to be fair if an uneducated tea seller can understand the bills do well, why not the farmer who actually lives through any farm legislation?
Those farmers must be wearing 10,000 rupees imported shirt and pants
I'm with my farmers
They are from punjab which is a cong ruling state so I can understand why they are protesting.
Now modi taking back his step means amit shah will demolish scamgress
Ab Na Modi Yogi BJP Government Ho Gi 
They are Khalistan workers
These farmers are not genuine farmers that is the main problem not farm lawsJai Jawan Jai Genuine Kisan
Rakesh Dacoit is not farmer but a businessman
Farmers are used to govt. support price and don't want to gamble with market economy. They are just trying to be like govt. employees. Truth is ,farmers are not like govt. employee, they work hard and should get better price than govt. support price. They should know that govt. makes money by selling their crop.
Farmers marc ..only Sikhs hariyani and west up farmers Marc.. Excluding these farmers all farmers wants farm laws..
Farmers are innocent people......they don't know much of Politics.....so what could they do instead of blocking road ways....... why don't courts finish the decision process of 3 farm laws and justice then?.......
But Farmers will surely suffer.
Farmers  who feel sad should  have co.e out to the streets to support. Why did they not?
Rakesh  is developing talibabi   mindset in India. He should be immediately checked otherwise he will create  the situation to disintegrate India. If Indian  understand the situation  in Afghanistan and Pakistan and their attitudes  towards India they will definitely  vote.for. Modi  in 2024 and 2029 to save the country  from GAJWAI HIND
What modi and amit shah wants 
Modi ji roye nhi rote to thoda aur emotion wali bat ho jati
No farmers NO FOOD
If farmers are not allowed then to whom he was going to tell benifits of farm law?
Why Modi is not willing to back from anti farmer bill
Farmers need different types of infrastructure to preserve and find good market for there crop's private sector can built these infrastructure separately and collectively for there different purposes and they can also rent the govt infrastructure.
Now, Farmers from all over India should come to Delhi
 Farmers protest in this case.
We support farmer protest
Modi has thrown india into dark ages.
If Our farmers want to remain poor so we can't do anything. PM Modi is becoming weak.
Ravish sir , the great Journalist of India
In these farmers son never dreaming of becoming farmer he going to some another profession so farming must done privatization
Rakesh Tikait is fare and straight forward... Excellent.. Ajit ji unnecessarily pulling on...
Modi ka election card hain yeh
Farmers need the atmosphere if they produce 50 kg of food grains they can sale 25 to 30 kg for private ( according to govt guidelines) or for govt which if for food security of the society. remaining stock can be sold for different market at the right time for that they need a storage infrastructure and trading platform just like share trading.
we support farm laws
All support to the courageous farmers of Panjab. God be with you. Win the battle never give up. Fight
Ravish Sir you are worth watching and I really admire you.
.In Punjab , if a Physically Handicapped wishes to work from Home then he is charged electricity at Penal Rates euphemistically called ' Commercial Rate '----
I am support for egaryculture bill.
Ravish Kumar = Truth+Facts ....
Support FARMERS
Our farmers deserve better standard of living and this bill will be a milestone in the process.
Modi repealed those 3 black laws: Godi media- MASTERSTROKE.
other farmers of others parts of india are not having any problem with these farm laws  execept  punjab and haryana
Modi ka jadu gaya , don't think about fool  people's of  
Modi failed against Zamindar Communist information warfare
all support farmers ...shame on Modi govt
Support tha peaceful protest for formers
Modi has become above God 
Farmers will be the last nail in the coffin of this arrogant govt.
Modi should have to take action on Taliban.
Because of modi it is now possible for pakistan to break india into pieces thanks.modi
Farmers are the real proud of India 
Modi is best pm for our country.
Modi's decision has been taken for him personal interest.... i e the chair. His words cannot be believed.
Farmers  national guardian
While the farmers might have won the battle, India lost the war. This ensures India stays an agricultural society for decades to come.
WE ARE SUPPORT FARMERS
But i support farmer and those who involve 26 jan violent protests they done actual criminal activity . Should be investigating matter 
Farmers already told about farmers law what they will face on implementing it.
We are with farmers 
Those who support today's protect and throwing of Indian flag on streets ; should live my country.
We support our Government 
Now farmers should move to Delhi Parliament and India gate Lal Qila
Farmers are the ones feeding us in this earth so they should be treated well , farming is there source of income
Modi has made his puppets as CM in every BJP ruling state
Rakesh ticket acchi Niyat Ke aadami Hain
What about those farmers who is willing and happy with additional option to sell.
Modi bhakt...Always favours  BJP.
Ravish g 
Only Punjab and Haryana farmers have a problem with this law because of the middlemen and dalals.
Farmers will stay on the borders until government comes to the table. MSP on 23 fassals in law is needed by the farmers. Vote ki chot. No vote for bjp. Bjp will loose state governments. Indian from UK.
Modi, Bhama Shah(Amit) now showing/ projecting him as Bhama Shah. Nautankibaaz, Jhoothjiv. 
Modi ji should agree to demands of farmers. Farmers are the backbone of the nation, if everything is privatised then what will these farmers do?
Under Modi they will be no win but hats off to them ! Heart of lions !
These farmers are going to starve and she talks about protesting during a pandemic, smh.
This is Modi's first defeat. He is on his way out
We support farmers 
And to all the farmers, don't back down. If all of us together do not protest now, every future farmer will have to suffer. I wish you all the best.
Support   from RJ31
The  farmers wanted to utilize  the difficult CORONA situation in  India. It is not justifiable.
Modi ji speeches speeches speeches, but No emotional responsibility for their lives who lost 750 farmers lives.. Now this speechs is all about  election rolls effect saathiyon, desh vaasiyon, 750 Farmers have died, and not even single exgratia has given. Lot of Arrogance & Ignorance towards respective farmers of India, this is the worst bad attitude of Modi ji bjp govtSad reality of india
Modi ji & Yogi ji today is very sad & unforgiving day for our country. Sources tell Son of Ajay Mishra Minister of State for Home has murdered 8 farmers at Lakhimpur Khari. Stop testing farmers patients. Take immediate & harsh action against those responsible.
When farmers get profitable sale price on their produce, farm labourers and those working in unorganised sector get adequate wages then nation also prospers.
We support 
Farmers always 
Farmers are 100%right
Ravish ke liye sabse bada terror Modi hai. Aur ye bahut bimar hai. Get well soon Ravish
but punjab has the highest no of middlemen so they are protesting
Support the all farmers, give respect to this person who made this video, jai hind. 
But after the farmers law no farmer suicided is what I think. Anyway rich farmer will exploit the poor.
We support#FARMERS
Repeal three laws? Yeah, and repeal the nationality law, and ban the IMF and World Bank, and forgive all farmers debt, and subsidize small farms, and invest in rural and poor communities, and invest massively in infrastructure, and abolish caste discrimination, and...
Farmers are under attack by police
Farmers may be given choice to sell their product anywhere in India for better price as per their choice. It is not retreat of govt but honouring north India farmers decision.
Farmers police fighting with eachother & bjp busy in Bengal elections 
Rakesh tikat is a political leader not a farmer.
Why modi in the thumbnail .!!! Makes any sense?
Rakesh Ticket and yogendra Yadav are enjoying and earning money from 18 months. Now both can also enjoy further 3 months. Afterward they have to count time in seconds. As Yogi will taken legal action.
Farmers doing more than the Congress..Where are the opposition party leaders when you need them??
These Farmers deserve "The Most Clueless People On The Earth Award" 
Tikait was  only a puppet in the name of farmers, why had he not made any movement when thousands of people committed  in Maharashtra during 2006 to 20011
Farmers are the real back bone of the economy.  It must remain open and free to everyone.
Tikait and his Gang made jobless overnight. Highly condemnable.
Modi government eats food r something else
Why only Punjab farmers protesting can anyone explain please?
These farmers are protesting against 3 controversial laws that were hushed through parliament in the pandemic, without consultation of the farmers. The laws are taking away the livelihood of the farmers in the name of 'reforms' by giving corporates authority to control agriculture. This will push the prices up of crop in the future which will be beyond the reach of the ordinary Indian. These farmers are feeding millions free of charge through Gurdwaras, Langars when disasters occur worldwide, or at protests as we see it on YouTube. A lot of protestors and freelance journalists are going missing. The police have arrested many by fabricating charges. It is being falsely reported that these protestors are terrorists. These farmers have sons in the army and police, guarding the dangerous indian borders, so these rich people can sleep at night. The present PM is Gujrati. Gujratis do not have soldiers that die for the country. Farmers are honest, hardworking, truthful people that have trusted the BJP government, but now realise that they have put the BJP as an elected dictatorship. BJP, since it's power have implemented anti Muslim laws, caused divisions on the ground of religion and is now portraying the Sikhs as an anti national element. The actions of the Gujrati PM, BJP are fiercely contested by the public to the extent that the government have used tear gas, batons, barbed wired and concrete barriers to silence the protest. This has got attention worldwide so now the government is trying to defend its actions. It is not rocket science to understand that when controversial laws are forced on the public, it will cause outrage.
Farmers should invest in big data analytics to predict the changing weather patterns and availability of water and other resources.
Modi ji understand lord krishna and applied his teaching in his life
 Farmers are the backbone of our country. Politicians are so short-sighted. No funny.
Farmers are the number one that uplift the nations full support should give to them.
Modi knew that it is better to withdraw the law, otherwise the government will fall, poor Modi (bechara modi) 
Modi gifted Redfort to corporate dalmias.... jaikisan
Modi and Shaw either do not understand or are deliberately helping the traders and the corporate owners by privatizing everything. In a corrupt environment, Punjipatees will become infinitely rich after eliminating the small professions/professionals the corruption, greed and fear in the system will help in exploiting the corporate employees and workers to no limits. They will use greed/fear, reward/punishment tactics in hiring/firing and controlling salaries of their employees. They will exploit the self desire for existence to the extent that a PHD scientist may be forced to work as a Clark and a janitor may be hired as his boss. People will destroy each other while fighting for their existence in order to make their monthly payments for medical, vehicle, home and retirement insurances, house tax, state tax, federal tax, house mortgage, vehicle payment and on top of that the fear of losing job, breaking marriage not being able to pay for their children education will remain every second they live a life of slavery. That is the future in a corrupt system where politicians will have to beg the corporate owners for their existence and the corporate owners will keep on doubling their wealth every year regardless of what happens. This is the extreme picture when corruption, fear and greed exists in the  society to extreme limits destroying the freedom and democracy of the country. Wake up Rashterwadio it is already too late drop your religious differences and save your childrens future. It's in your hands today and farmers are showing you by protesting and fighting for their future existence!!
Farmers :peaceful protest for 60+ days
##Farmers tum aage badho hum tumhare sath he
Why there are no farmers from Maharashtra, Karnataka, bengal, chennai, Kerala etc etc etc etc only Punjab farmers having problems from new farm law............ why...
Rakesh Tikait chor hai
- Ravish 
Tikait sir you ate really great and you deserve to be a leader of true farmers. I salute you. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan
We Support Farmers 
Only Punjab farmers were protesting till now. Will rest of the country protest against this repeal now?? Anyways, congrats middlemen!!
Support Farmers 
I support Farmers,God Bless all
Why Modi took so long to repeal the 3 farmers law? What he is going to say for 600 farmers lost thier lives? We all know this is the result of Modi recent elections defeats but what people are going to do to Modi for 600 farmers lives? I never ever seen such a worst selfish anti people and Atrocious PM like Modi anywhere in the world. Modi building house for Rs 12,000 Crores, 9000 for his plane
Modi ji  :- How can GDP of agriculture grow in india
Farmers back bone of our country
This is how farmers are treated by the brockers.
Farmers are the law not bjp
Farmers Revolution Jindabad.
Modi Ji is a real yogi
Modi samjne ki cheez hai .Modi was trying to help innocent farmers but they are influenced in wrong crooks
Farmers has strong immune system , no need of mask,no need of sanitizer , no need of distancing and no need of vaccines. Please update how many people's died after taking vaccines in India?
Modi like : Let UP and Punjab election finish, we will bring it back like increasing petrol price 
Rakesh dakait is a great cheater
Rakesh tikat is big headache for BJP
This is all because of modi government.
Why farmers required weapons
most of the farmers in the protest dont even know about these rules... they dont know what is the reason they are fighting for and am not understanding why are are they protesting if govt. is giving solution of every problem....
If farmers are happy then whole country is happy
Farmers hai to food hai.....we all r with farmers
No farmers No food ..
Tikait defeated Modi hurrre....
Tikait  ki properties ki janch karo ... his assets than the known source of his income..
If farmers get their dues it directly cuts the high profit by middlemen. I'd this govt. really thinking about farmer and bring market under control?
Modi & BJP Face is Revealed
Support to farmers 
farmers from each  & every state of this country should join the protests and give solidarity for preserving their rights  ...jai Kisan 
Modi has lost to the farmers. Period 
The Modi government should accept the demands of the farmers.
Rakesh Tikait & Yogendra Yadav are political wolves using innocent farmer's.
We support Farmers
Modi ji 's framer bill is a death to the poor farmers. Return gift to private companies for their genorous donation . Like demonization gst now farm bill all are too take away money from middle class and lower middle class and give to private companies , relief of dues n wat now. This govn is slowly replaceing public by private.
Farmers are more important then Modi
TIKAIT JABTK BAHR RHEGA TBTK AHI HOGA TIKAIT KO JEL ME DAL DENA CHAHIA
Support farmers support Punjab
no terrorist can touch our TIRANGA , they are not at all farmers , JAI HIND , JAI HIND
Modi should bring Emergency and arrest all the farmers for anti national activities.. Shoot at site for vandalism...... We don't need these types of unruly kisan...Jai Jawan.
Punjab love you always........
Modi knew even if the farmers protest goes on will not impact elections and were confident enough to win. But when BJP realized Muslims and Sikhs are uniting against them this unity would surely end BJP rule. i'll never believe a single word what modi says. If he is repelling 3 laws, he is planning to hit back with something new.
Why farmers from all states not against these bills
Only these farmers were demanding these laws since 70  years
I support the farmers 1,000%, you guys keep fighting never give up until you get what you want you have a right to what you want and you have a right to be treated and paid fairly farm work is back breaking hard work everyday 24 hours a day so I just want everyone to know that I support the farmers and the USA support the farmers
Modi is a failed Prime Minister. His policies have brought India to this situation.
If Farmers continue to disrupt the Economy it would result is lesser taxes for the Govt. Then how would Farmers get their Freebies and Subsidies .
Punjab State heart of India should never give up always fight for the right for India God bless
I was against Modi about MSP, but when u said, only 6% farmers are getting benefitted through this, then farmer bill must come, and today is the day, Farmer bill has passed. Hope it will change the situations of farmers, their income and standard.
i support the farmers.
No Farmers -  NO FOOD ....sounds easy to me
Keep support farmers protest
Farmers are still protesting  peacefully . Government and some people tried to fail protest on 26 jan
With Farmers
Ravish ji ap inspiration ho aane wale future journalist k liye ..
Rakesh Ji, very nice person,he is a capable for Leader, this kind of person is supposed to be chief minister 
Rakesh Tiket khud hi Daket hain cheap publicity ke liye kuch bhi bolta 
farmers agreement on price assurance and farm services act.... isme hording ko promote kiya jaa rha hai..... companies manipulate karengi kissaan ko... msp naa hone pe kisaan aadhe paune daam pe bech dega kyuki perfect competition hai
Modi and his bhakts would not have raised the question '70 Saal Mein Kuch Nahi Hua' if they would have read history.
Why Modi is silent
Farmers are our only hope for  survive , please save farmers  from 
Why Modi addressed  the nation to repeal the Farm Laws, a job could have been done by his Agriculture ministry. Again, Modi looking at any publicity.
We support Kishan Majdoor Andolan.
Farmers are likely to God please give them their rights 
Modi government ko action lena chahiye joo Bharat ke against jaye. 
Farmers??? 
Modi &Team ruined our nation
Those who support someone like you than think why india is developing. 
Rakesh acche ke bare mein pahchan
"Farmers of Haryana and Punjab don't know how to do business."
I support indian farmers protest 
Modi has touched a wrong cord.
Support to my punjabi Mates from New Zealand. Much love.
Farmers ki income Double hone wali hai 2022 M. Mughe modi ji per pura believe hai.
These farmers r not even one percent of  india's total farmers
we farmers in maharashtra support this andolan n gathering in mumbai very shortly and march towards delhi initialy with 1000 tractors.abt one lac farmers will participate.
Farmers are very important in building of this Nation. Their voices should be heard by this evil government. Thanks Quint for reporting the real National lssues.
So this is all about farmers not wanting the government subsidies to disappear and the privatization of land? Unless there is a need for these crops to justify the subsidies, perhaps not so many Indians should be in farming at this point.
In support farmer
Farmers, Modi's repeals are no use as your status quo is not changed well. Learn from Naxalite to guard your rights.
Support farmer.its bjp media
This is for Punjab election?? Shame on BJP and Modi sarkar.
Up or punjab me election aa rhe h tabi ye sb ho rha h ..well der aye durust aye ..jai jawan jai kisan 
Farmers are real heroes. They will show what power is.
Ravish Ranjan, you are so 
No Farmers No Food
We are farmers thankful to all who are spreading genuine news
Only Punjab farmers benefit from APMC. Rest of India farmers would have benefitted from farm laws
Repeal of Farm laws is with an eye on U.P and Punjab Elections. A poor  decision by the BJP govt.
We support from Haryana .
Modi ji saara drama next election ka h. Likn hm kuch nhi bhoolne wale a.we are farmers. We remember what you did in past with farmers
Farmers are the breadwinner of humanity. I would never be against our indian farmers.  This tells too much commeralisatiin is death of civilization.   One need to improvise and not nullify the old system.  My wholehearted support to the farmers 
We support farmers 
the farmers who cant even afford the transportation cost to nearby mandi....how can they afford to go and sell anywhere outside their town or state???
I support the agitation of former of India because former is back bone of the country
We support Farmer's agitation
That's too farmers...
Support to the farmers 
Ravish is real journalist, magsaysay awardee deserve bharat ratan,
Rakesh tikait is international image at present . Congratulations to you sir.
I SUPPORT FARMERS 
I'm with the farmers but pllz don't block the roads for the oxygen supply chain for the Delhi or nearby states.
Modi ji please do something for the real harmony or real unity plz.
Farmers and private companies are safe
Rakesh Tiket the Net worth 80Cr poor farmer. Has left the innocent farmers on boarder :D
of Modi and Amit sha , so if they fail in UP 
Jab farmers ke nam per farmers leaders ke rup me rapist, murders and anti-national  lead karne lage and usaka indirect support supreme Court kare to desh hit me bill wapas lena sahi tha.
Farmers are important they give us food
And in punjab is 1800 by MANDIs
Farmers who died during all will compensate 5 lakh+1 gov job,,, what about those police man?
Farmers from Punjab, Haryana and western UP, will be asked by their future generations on what they did. They should ask their brothers middlemen why you sell your produce at 5 Rs and we pay 40 Rs. Where does that 35 goes.
Farmers will win against Modi government
Farmers are spine of our country.... Central govt battled agianst Indian citizens.... Never giveup...
But why did farmers have to sit on roads for 1 year to show them that we don't want these laws.
Are they farmers???
Farmers saved our Democracy. Big setback to whole Propaganda of Godi Media that tried too hard to prove the Black Laws right . Truth wins & it started on the auspicious Baba Guru Nanak Devjis Gurpurab 
Modi ji look towards farmers. Not towards businessman. You also came from small family in village. You won't loose any thing perhaps you get effection from indian voter.
Farmers should be given autonomy. Waise bhi election aa rahe hai. US mei bhi you bahut charcha hui hai farmers andolan ki, aur extermism ki
modi great h but....
rakesh ticket good good
Modi ji failed first PM everywhere and only Ambani and Adani agent... Rahul Gandhi ji sincere leader
Farmers and labourers in Jharkhand, Bihar are gentle and poor. They have a traditional mindset of accepting whatever the "lord" saheb says, which is different from the attitude of farmers in Punjab and Haryana. They avoid confrontations. Talk to any of them and the difference between Bihar and Punjab farmers is very obvious. During the lockdown , mostly labourers from Bihar and UP were victims, and they walked back thousands of kilometers to their villages - without raising a single voice.
Ravish kumar is real reporter of India.
In Haryana the minister nice detailed strategy how to eliminate opponents, he is not in jail till now in contrast to toolkit case
We support from Pakistan 
Through out modi 
Farmers ko samjhana chahiye tha,,, amendment to a66a hain...usko parliament me discussion k through karna chahiye tha...
How farmers suddenly became so rich? Are they rich enough to organise a costly tractor rally, langar, massage  etc?
Banda to sahi hai .....Modi jindabaad . we have lost information war. that's it. The same wrong information spreaded at the time of CAA.
Modi's GOBERMENT should be stopped from its atrocities on minorities.
We support farmers. From Pakistan 
The Modi led government is the same as Trump.
Farmers have become dabang 
Farmers from Punjab cannot/does not represent farmers of whole country
If farmers is internal matter of indian then talibani is also an internal matter of afganistan.
Modi has sold whole country to these Ambani Adani duo, ports, airtports, railways, petroleum companies, FCI, Fertilizer companies, cement companies, coal mines, iron ore mines. He has sold all national and state highways.
Farmers need to accept the fact that privatisation is the only thing which can make farmers Prosper in the long run, how inefficient the bureaucracy is can be seen from the fact that since past 50 years just farming has not led to anh good for the farmers..
Modi and his cronies have become senile.
Tikait owns petrol pumps ... is this news correct ?? Please confirm .also I read that he earlier supported the bills and thanked modi. Also if each household is not sending a rep, is the a penalty that these so called farmer leaders have threatened ?? Request something on these points please sir.. we need to see both sides
I am support the farmers 
My support only  farmers
Farmers?? No these people are jokers
Modi nothing done for farmers so far
I support farmers 
We support to farmers.
Ravish g you are good human being with wise thinking. Honest and positive person 
We support formers
Punjab and Haryana which are leading the agitation suffer from a geo-political curse. In the years of public sector, government investment alluded them due to hostile borders. That affliction continues. This year Pakistan is importing 2.9 million metric tonnes of wheat from far of countries and so is Afghanistan. Export via road from Punjab is competitive due to low transport and handling costs. China has also sought Indian rice, to reduce its dependence on south east Asian countries. But we cannot deal with them for reasons of the national cause. 
Farmers will win
Farmers won the battle it remains to be seen who wins the war...
Farmers are right here
We support Sikh community 
I support the changes but the government just backed down for BJP's profits ! and Shri Tikait Ji, doing his best to keep the protests alive, why ? To implement Gauranteed MSP, that he himself must know is just not at all feasible !
Modi should know that and farmers are public too.
Do you support the Modi Government not engaging w farmers to bring this law, or stakeholder management is only possible when you are from an actual democracy
Farmers head has names it seems  which political party members violated initially and caused police charges.
Farmers' protest has became an icon of democracy. That's a great victory of a peaceful protest  
Farmers don't beat police they are in duty if you wanna beat so beat amit shah
Why we (farmers ) are protesting:
a) can the farmers not sell in open market? if yes, how is this different?
Punjab state has 50,000 middlemen. Each of them charges 2.5% commission. PM Modi has done away with them. This has got nothing to do with MSP, no govt has provided better MSP than this govt. but from where 2.5% commission will come. Corruption should prevail.
If Rakesh Tikait is removed, problem is  solved
Modi is coming to introduce only amount of money 
Farmers are saying they want different kind of laws. Dont think theyre against progressive reforms in agriculture. They want protective measures for farmers not for corporates. In so called free markets usually protections are afforded to big corporations ,and the common man is left to the mercies of the market. The farmers are scared that this will happen to them as well.
Rakesh Tikat ki Govt of India k Ministers 10 Time baat ho chuki hai
I support you The Actual Producer of GRAINS AND ROTI.
For farmers their produce is the only source they can survive. .and the farmers should be left alone to do their work. .Why does the GOVT succumbing to the BIG PVT PLAYERS TO TRESPASS and create problems for farmers? The govt can make provisions against for big farmers exploiting small farmers. But bringing outside GIANT players will eat up both small and big farmers MORE SO because the Govt and Govt bodies will DANCE TO THE TUNES of the GIANT PVT PLAYERS. & the farmer community will disappear or stop existing.
We support Farmers from Bengal
Farmers are always nature lovers and peaceful people they are strong enough to discuss why will they protest then especially when 80 percentage of India is farmers
For Modi nothing is above election.
Punjab, Haryana and Western UP has strong Farmers lobby.....Whenever we talk about farmer's protest its them only.....so when did you see farmer of Odisha ever protesting.....Instead of questioning the intention of farmer....ask this Autocratic government.  Please maintain your impartial Face. Dont become part of Godi Media.
We are with farmers.....jai kisan
Rakesh Tikiat best & commendable reply to journalist based on facts
Why the farmers from south india not protesting against these bills 
They are no farmers.
KYA AB FARMERS TALVAAR NAI MAAR SAKTA ??  UPLOAD A VIDEO OF YOU EXPLAINING ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED ON RDAY 2021 IF YOU HAVE THE GUTS
Modi brought the Farm laws to help the farmers. He then shelved it to reasons he knows best. Does that mean farmers need to stop using the best practices of selling to private players and run back to middlemen? No. Instead of berating Modi, make a list of items that were beneficial and ask CM of individual states to implement them using local laws. That's the only way silent majority will get their due.
Farmers should sell their grains to the public directly either physically or even online....only if they get their rate which should be twice the MSP.. All problem will be solved
RAKESH TIKAIT JINDABAD
Farmers produce, grains that politicians eat every day.
Support Bharat
Farmers havent even read the rules they just come out to protestors
Modi is still sleeping? Sad and unfortunate.
Farmers are essential for food production. India has over a billion citizens. Hire engineers to develop technology to decrease consumption of water for food production
When farmers were protesting peacefully for nearly two three months everybody ignored them but when they decided to go to Delhi trucks,buses and cement barricades were put in the middle of the road 
Modi g ye udarta ab aagye theek nahi strict action lye Lou. Sabhi seemayen ye deshvirodhi aur vipakashi laangh gye hain nahi tou desh asthir ho jaayega
Farmers are 100% right. We live in democratic country. Single person will not decide whom to sell or not.
Haryana muncipal polls will decide if Farmer laws are designed to benefit BJP or farmers.
This Rakesh tikait is anti india estiblishment...
Now All Farmers will Vote for BJP 
Support the farmers, and chase those idiot politicians
Punjab and UP elections aa rahe hai, isliye Feku darr gaya  aur kaaley kaanoon wapas le liya . Congratulations to all farmers.
Why only farmers from punjab and haryana are protesting??
No farmers no food !!! Thank you god for this win.
Those are farmers not terrorists
Now this Tikait creates new problem. He should taken in to custody.
Tikait  to ab cutta bna bayetha hai koi puch nhe rha hai TV wale bhe na puche ab
Rakesh tikait is brave, intellectual and straightforward personality.
Farmers are LIFE-GIVING Communities, they are very productive members of the family.
Farmers: for the next one year produce only what you need for your family, nothing extra to sell. We will see these educated city based bhakts who is now supporting attacks against farmers, will come crying for you help.
I'm from Punjab and I know this because even my relatives , neighbours and cousins have gone to participate in this protest
Modi ji great pm in the world
Modi's work in right direction 
Farmers please dont cast your votes to BJP as so many farmers died and suffered alot 
Farmers can still sell in APMC. I think until a bill is proposed to remove APMC there is no need for the protest. One cant protest based on speculation.
No Farmers No Food!
If Rakesh Tiket has fooled poor farmers and helped middle man .. he has done biggest sin ..
I support lathi charge.
This is Punjab with whom everyone falls in love except some hate mongers...
we support farmers...long live farmers
Only the farmers & Soldiers can face all these hardships with a smile. God bless them. Jai Kissan Jai Jawan
Support for farmers from Kashmir ....
Modi ji is planning 5000 people gathering in Varanasi and farmers would like to protest in Delhi . Everyone is busy inviting covid to their homes . The end is near 
we support farmers
Modi's govt open loot.  What happened to India's welfare state??
Modi being a farmerlike himself had forgotten the plight of farmers after occupying the highest office in the country. It's unfortunate.
Support to farmers from pakistan 
We farmers from Maharashtra fully support farmers bill .... 
*Farmers going on a fast for a day* 
We support farmers 
Modi you are playing with fire...
Support from the U.K. well done. Stand up to the oppressive and fascist Modi dictatorship.
It's Modi's plan to create another Monsanto in India.
These farmers are surprisingly very educated and speaking very sensibly.
So the farmers were so happy with the present corrupt impoverishing system that sent so many of them  went to untimely deaths by suicide.  Now they are objecting to a new regime that will free them of the  politicians corrosive control and allow them to become entrepreneurs  who will flourish on the basis of merit and competence .  That is how the private sector in India and in the rest of the world operates.  Do businessmen, lawyers ,  house maids, doctors  have MSP established by the government? Why do farmers want to continue to live abject lives of misery and be a captive vote bank of one political party or another?  Are they so accustomed to bondage that they fear freedom?
Farmers of India = 1
Support them so we all can have milk, vegetables, rice, wheat, sugar, clothes and list goes on and on!!
Farmers should support this bill.
But farmers should be also free selling to anyone they want.
I Support Farmers.! 
Farmers..... You Guys Did It ... salute to your long long awaited victory ....
Repeal of farm laws is a right decision
Farmers know what is good for them...govt jitna jaldi smjhe utna hi acha h iss bat ko.... And what was the need to pass such controversial bills  during a pandemic? Govt wanted to take advantage of the situation, they thought they would be able to suppress protests.....they were wrong....they forgot punjab is the land of Bhagat Singh...
Other than Haryana & Punjab kissan why not other states kissan protesting???
I support capital hill incident... USA army blocked peaceful trump protesters.. democracy at the low 
Rakesh ticket
*Farmers --- LOST*
Farmers proud of you at least some one has guts to fight against dictator gunda modi and bjp.... We support farmers
Modi should resign for not repealing the 3 black laws in time. What a shameful coincidence or is it Political Engineering as the Black Laws are repealed as the Sikhs celebrate the birth of Guru Nanak Devji the founder of Sikhism. Sweet Venom.
Modi tought this lesson to his opponent...
Rakesh tikait...you are gradually earning my respect!
Support from Maharashtra !!
Modi has not come to power only with the help of urban middle-class, farmers have a big part in bringing him back in power.
Farmers should not retaliate with violence, please, make it silent protest.
Farmers Protest | Aerial View | Harp Farmer Pictures 
We support the farmers.  say no to GMO's No robots. NO to BIG Tech. Love mother Earth!!!
If farmers were not allowed to enter ,then was this for Half pant karyakartas only  ?
Now, Farmers will enjoy their luxurious life as before when this law was not there.  Gold ki roti khayenge, fasal to crores m bikengi and saare kisan sampann ho jayenge
The farmers of this country have finally proved that India can still progress in the future and that there is no need to be scared of the RSS or BJP anymore! I'd heartly like to thank the farmers of this country for providing us food and being the actual back bone of this country.. Aap logon ke bagair hum in seheron main Kuch Bhi nahi Kar sakte hain.... And to the ones critisizng the farmers and their langars I'd like to ask yu.. What would yu do with yur money if there was no food provided...? The 1 hour hardwork of a farmer is far greater than modi's so called 20 hours of work.. ! Jai Jawan Jai Kisan!!!! Let's all join hands and May Allah bless them all and make these difficult times easy for our fellow citizens Ameen
We support farmers, Thank you Amit Sir for highlight three contentious farm laws.
We support farmers 
Farmers are innocent hard workers.... Hope government tries to educate them about the empowerment and benefits of the bill passed. Its only because of state government politics and misguidance which has lead to chaos. Not at all farmer's fault. Nor the central government's fault. If farmers are worried then government has to convince them and make sure corporate companies treat farmers equally as a business partner and do not exploit them. Once mandi system is removed only then farmers will be able to think out of the box. Hope we see farmers evolve and be the richest and happiest citizens.
I support only farmers
Farmers protest has created history not only for standing firmly against 3 laws but has made countless precious memories for people to cherish forever  Great show of fight for  righteousness, courage, tolerance, discipline and unity of humanity 
Support to Farmers.. love & support from Punjab Pakistan.. Sohaib Wahla
Farmers are innocent, they are under trap if Mandi Mafia.
Farmers are on there Right
Repeal black laws
Farmers can't go to court for such a bad bill but chutia Arnab can go.
Rakesh Tikait Sir is real Hero of our Modern Democracy. .
I support Dhruv opinion 
This repeal is a disappointing move by the govt.......I think winning elections is more important than country
Our farmers, the real heroes.
Punjab gov gets 13% of entire income from the Mandi commission. All corruption comes from there. MSP was never included in any past bill. Because government buys 23 crops, gov fix a price (MSP) to buy those crop.
Were the farmers not funded by the opposition?
Why the farmers are stopped to finish tractor parade peacefully?? As the farmers were allowed to held the parade then why the routes were blocked ?? Again police has charged on farmers , used tear gases and water canons . There was no motive of disrespecting constitution but farmers are forced to do so .
Do the farmers of India you must defeat this neoliberal takeover. You must
TIKAIT GUNDA NHI JOKERH
Why only farmers from Punjab, Haryana and UP protesting? What about the other states? Why didn't the farmers from other states didn't protested in their states against these bills? It's a high time to support and save our farmers from these bills.
I support you my beloved farmers. Don't afraid. Congress party come soon on centre. Everything favour to you.
Farmers are protesting for their rights
Farmers biggest march against Modi. Better than outsourced brahminical headed IT. Look at the unconnected losers muted: Narayana Murty Nilekani Ambani Tata who are day trading.
We support Kissan ...not goons n criminals who r trying to defame innocent farmers in d name of protest...we dont support weapons , attack n hooliganism...
Some farmers Union responsible for these protest has  apologised  for things that has happened on the Red fort  and withdrawn from the protest.
"Farmers Protests in a nutshell".....
That Modi is prepared to repeal the farm laws, clearly shows that electoral considerations triumph good policies. And it has once again shown that aggressive agitation by a few thousand will force a change in laws even though good. So much for democracy and the power of parliament passed laws. Highly disappointed.
Rally should be in discipline way. Breaking barricades not a solution. It is a bad thing.
#My support for all world farmers
Rakesh Tikait ,U'd brought those innocent kissans & U r solely responsible
Ravish Kumar Sahib, Salute you on your unbiased and intellectual analysis..
Why our farmers are committing suicide despite the existence of apmc.
Farmers or goons
Farmers are poor soul, don't do anything wrong to them, dear police.
I support farmer's protests.
These terrorist's were killing freely but people to show their anger is unislamic. How long they to carry on like this?
Modi is responsible for these incidents.
Farmers on road means revolution around the corner , which is most needed at this time in India ...
All farmers had was speculative fear, the communist implanted psyche still persists in the country that doesn't let good things happen . Many are happy that farmer won modis arrogance is decimated but  these regressive attitudes are hurting the nation. The repeal is taking the country backward and  don't feel bjp will let other parties to pass these bills if they happen to be opposition in future, in the end the nation suffers.
Farmers rocks always and full support from Bihar
The Punjab has had a.problem diversifying the agriculture Why Monsanto a d and other agencies did not try to establishother crops?
Modi Ji this was your best reform. Should have implemented it in BJP ruled states.
What about the other farmers of India like the poor states of India e.g Bihar, Odisha, Chattishgarh, Jharkhand. Are they also having anything on this agitation? I agree that BJP has a certain high headedness in talking to the agitating people. I will squarely put the responsibility of the Agriculture ministry, are they not able to understand what is the pulse of the people who they are representing. If Govt is saying it's good for farmers then the agriculture minister should be able to convey this to farmers.  We are not a developed capitalist society where you can leave everything on the market forces, the government should definitely take care of the people by providing them means to mind their business. Education is the solution for the majority of the problem govt should focus more on that so that we can fix the issue of so much of the workforce working in the farming sector and its also high time that govt should turn its focus on other poor farming states, where there is the actual problem. The majority of farmers here are rich farmers who have their farming laborers working on the field so it doesn't matter to them if they have to hold the city to ransom for 4 months.
Why are only Punjab farmers protesting, can anyone explain please?
Farmers are always strong and always will be no matter who ever tries to rule them amazing  My Salute all the farmers they are true Patriots 
Farmers ki 4 th demand smjh n ayi....
If Modi wins election from  now on toe laaanat hai  tum sab pr bjp hataaav desh bachav
Farmers se mil rahe hain ..
Farmers are  protesting  in India to protect their livelihood from the hands of corporates in the name of 'reform'. They were not consulted before 3  controversial laws were approved by the BJP. These laws were rushed in the pandemic.
Farmers .. spend 40 lakhs rupees ..for modification .. comedy... Karte ho kya ...
Farmers also feel, after implementation they will start selling their crops to the Corporates not the local mandis to get better prices which (in few years) might result in the end of local mandis. Once the deserted mandis are removed by the govt (shown as loss) the real face of the corporate would show up and the farmers will lose bargaining power to big corporations in the absence of MSP & APMC)
We support Farmers protest
% of farmers having land and cultivating themselves which u have mentioned is wrong and also 86.2 % is also wrong
Modi is smart in politicising issues but he will not politicise those issues which will put nations interest and security  at risk.
Modi is doing bad they are sitting from last 29 days peacefully and still asking for the same demolished these black laws. They didn't want that and they never ever ask for it. 
Then farmers get best price.
We support farmers 
Modi ki tapasya (violence)mein kami thi . after elections ye tapasya (kisanon ko samjhane ki police Violence) complete hogi. Ajit Doval's advice to police /IAS officers will subvert civil society including kisan . wait and watch new strategy of preparing IAS/IPS to take punitive actions against civil society including kisan
We support the farm bill
Khalistan movement must b destroyed put all this traitors in jail... recognize and see which persons do this nsa must impose on it 
Farmers may have some genuine concerns but these bill have been discussed over 17 years. 
If farmers have 1 month memory, they will vote for BJP. If farmers have 3 years memory, they wil vote for any other party. BJP completely lost the plot. Disgrace
Why a very few farmers came to thank???
Ravish ranjan seems very happy.
Support Farmer
Are farmers of the entire country from Haryana and Punjab? Where are farmers of UP, Bihar, MP, West Bengal, MP, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra etc.
farmers lost confidance in such mil batkar public ka  paisa khanewali team.
Rakesh tikket is criminal shame he represents farmers
I support the amendment done in the agriculture bill. It will give market access to the farmers and liberate the farmers from the old Mandi system which is purely exploitative and embedded with corruption. While every sector has embraced reforms and privatization, why the so-called intellectuals have been living on the bread and butter of private sectors are opposing this bill.
 When We farmers don't want this then why you are worrying about this.
#HARYANA  Thanks my all indian farmers love you all
Farmers brothers are visible today who were Khalistani yesterday 
Punjab also had a separatist streak, which the government sought to dispel with riches. That is one of the major reasons for Green revolution there.
I'm from punjab, I'm very sad from this government 
All the farmers who are doing these protests need to see this video.
Why Farmers still Committed "Suicides " before Laws ?
Support to dear Farmers from TamilNadu!
Ravish sir is way above any journalist in India. The way he presents the stories is just amazing.
Rakesh  is doing  politics,  it's  seem  2 b another Shaheen  baag  shameless  people's.
Modi will be portrayed as "Victim"...the person who wanted development of country but was not allowed to
I support farmers but at the same time I respect police 
Ravish sir you are world best news reader
They are the farmers they have human rights
 The farmers problems are not connected with production as it was in early days of freedom.But planning in production  marketing,  with planned economy, with insurance coverage needs.
Farmers, protest is no use. Learn from Naxalite to guard your rights.
Punjab problem was never finished, it was just under the carpet. It will remain until government face it at international level like J&K. 
Modi govt & BJP leadership has empowered Corporates & left farmers on their mercy. SHAMEFUL & PAINFUL
I am against Farmers on Staple Buring issue.
Ravish sir ap ko across the border log suntay hain aur hum samjtay hain k haq bat ap e kartay hain.
Modi Government fails in every fields
"FARMERS" lol do you seriously believe people are fools ?
I am from Punjab, and believe me these so called farmers derserve this treatment...
Support Panjshir in the interest of World Peace 
Farmers deserve respect and government must listen to them.
Ravish ji , The way you have described the movement ( Kisan Andolan ) is heartening . The question that comes to mind is why this kind of protest can't be organized by the employees of OFB , Bank & other PSU employees  .. unemployed youths and the common citizens asking the Government to stop talking about Aruanzeb and instead focus on economy  .. to initiate real development and not grand projects .. the need is to have a functioning system in health care , education , law & order , functioning economy .. the leaders can visit shrines etcetera and talk about it within their community  .. smashing of coconut and invoking Allah with a chant doesn't mean development,  real issues is to be addressed  ..questioning should not be countered by chants of Bharat Mata ki Jai , least we forget it our forefathers chanted it to question and overthrow the colonial rule - Jai Hind .
No Ravish  no ND TV
Modi govt: "Let's remove the roof. Problem solved"
Farmers * protesting in Delhi 
We support the farmers protest. Thanks for the informative video.
Where is Modi Government ?
Farmers are working in their fields happily.
Farmers are role model for all Indians.
Rakesh decat you go back we don't trust you...
Only those farmers (a small group) who deal with foreign trade should be on strike,  the majority of Indian farmers
The farmers have lost their Trump card now:(
Farmers need more support from indian government this is so pls support the farmers
Just because some farmers couldn't understand the positive aspects of the laws, the whole farmer community will have to suffer.
Now all Farmers will become Crorepati 
If the farmers themselves do not want any policies then why is the nemestic government so eager to issue those?? Please stay strong farmer brothers, we all will support you no matter how long it takes to get justice.
Rakesh Ji you are great. Farmers are proud of you. God bless you. Anjum ji thank you also for the continuous coverage.
I'm with farmers 
Rakesh ticket chor hai
"Farmers began tractor parade before the scheduled time, resorted to violence and vandalism. Farmers' protest led to extensive damage to public property, many policemen injured," - PTI
Modi is responsible for this chaos. FIR should be filled against him also.
Rakesh tikait Sahab real leader of India
Farmers- victim
Farmers don't only live in Punjab and haryana , no one is protesting in north east India or south India 
No Farmers no food
Ravish Kumar ji is an out spoken and straightforward journalist of Asian region..   jai hind.
Now our farmers will become prosperous again,,
Farmers are healthy because they do physical hard work and live in nature. Even if they contract covid, they won't even get a cough. Even old farmers will not die of covid.
Modi better to resign from the chair and go to kachajanjanga for meditation
This is all Modi's trick.
Ravish sir please get update youself india has accepted the policy of wait and watch. Like US and many other countries
Farmers need support of true media
Farmers are fearing that Agriculture  also has been privatised. Who is great in this country. People or people elect law makers.  If it is good and flawless why do you need promotion? what will the voiceless people of this country do now?
I'm with the farmers 
Ravish is anti indian...
Farmers from Punjab and Hariyana should be that selfish 
Up haryana punjab Rajasthan elections k jalwa hai yeh  bcoz of your decision innocent people died for no reason
We are with farmers who are feeding more than 100 crores citizens and exporting food grains to many countries.
Modi ji you have a large heart to beg for forgiveness in front of the nation for failing to implement such wonderful farm laws even though only a section of farmers were opposing it. But I am sure that you will find a way to help small farmers and bring them out from the clutches of rich farmers and middlemen who are exploiting millions of small farmers. May god bless you with abundant strength and health to serve the nation for more years. Jai Hind.
Rakesh has lost self respect 
Farmers would be joint partner retaining their ownership in land and hence no harm to them till they get higher to MSP 
I support the Farmers.
Rakesh Tikait is intelligent, never submits to no one, wards off the anchors, answers in humour, making fun of the journalist, and simply dodge them cleverly. One new very important thing hr has tossed, PM is not supposed to hold rallies for the party, he a national constitutional post responsible to country and not the party. This will trigger a new countrywide  debate.
I no support owasi and modi but mody 
Support farmers.. No farmers No food
For farmers only covid excellent?
Modi govt dserves this
 Now Modi is going to gift new Parliamnet to Taliban...
Farmers are right and modi wrong
Modi is great. Next UN seat for India.
Farmers all across India except punjab n hariyana have no issues with farm laws
No Farmers  No Food  No Life 
Farmers I salute you all and support you all.
In Punjab and Haryana Mandi system works well  But in south India its worst
Farmers are selling to corporates from years this law's just make procedure more visible. Corporates don't want to buy from small farmers.
farmers must not back down, solidarity with all farmers brethren, this is outrageous
Tikait go back  nothing is good good with him
Punjab, south india and Bengal must unite against corrupted Hindi states tryying to rule over the country. They split bengal cause it was a threat to hindis.
Because farmers market and freedom for price of grains decrease and poor farmers can't against any decisions , farmers laws only for richest man or business men 
Rakesh tries to mislead farmers of our country, but got success only in Punjab, he is trying to spread  a rumor about riot
Farmers & army is real hero's of our country 
Rakesh sir love you
Farmers are majorly misinformed..MSP is not getting stop.There is no deal of land but deal is on farming products.
Its Punjab farmers not Indian farmers dont spread wrong information.
Tikait knows the pulse of the people.
I am in support of Famer bill....
More than farmers middle class should have protested against the bills. Privatisation is not a problem. Its unregulated privatisation with crony capitalism is a lethal combination. Thats more likely to happen.
Modi magic is reaching the expiration date, next generation of leadership in BJP ( Yogi ji, Hemanto Biswas Sharma, Nitin Gadkari ) need to step up.
How Modi government is working for Ambani and Adani to regain power because Ambani gave funds to BJP
So farmers MSP is there not to worry.
Farmers victory. But should be cancelled in the Parliament too.
Modi is the best leader India has ever had. Jai Hind 
Support to farmers, but some people have crossed line between protests and politics. Keju bhi to protest chor k politics kr rhe hn na. Ya to protest kro ya politics.
All support to them from Tunisia
My farmers is god
Modi and his boyfriend Amit Shah jindabad.The joke is that no one case of Corona virus reported in this andolan.Bolo bolo array boltay kyon nahin.bolo.boltay kyon Nahin
Now Farmers of other states has to struggle because of this selfish punjabi and Haryana farmers
*Support AAP, CPI.*
I support farmers! But the voilence they did was too bad!
Farmers have a right to protest..to hit the streets. Protests are a part of democratic tradition. Rubiqa is echoing BJP's fascist mindset by challenging the farmer's right to peaceful protest. BJP wants to stifle the freedom to protest.
These farmers are going to wake up to a harsh reality. Contracting farming is happening all over the world.
Rakesh bhai well presented this episode. Thanks a lot
Modi has only time to meet actress but not farmers who is giving food for us all Indians.
I support your channel and thoughts Bharat mata ki jai vande matram
Modi has to change his ways otherwise nothing will happen to him but Hindus will have to suffer like hell Hindus has to rise on their own
Does farmers exists only in Punjab State? Didn't see any other states farmers protest against the farm laws.
- Rakesh Jhunjhunwala (the Big Bull of India)
Rakesh tikkitji you have wander full knowledge more then our pm
Farmers will force him to step down
It's just a khalistan and muslim and Congress aap sponsored game.
No farmers no food why are you fighting with farmer plz don't fight with farmers 
These farmers leave farming
Tikait chup you are right about the mam
Farmers can not do this extra job, they need helping-services. 
 Punjab if a Physically Handicapped wishes t work from Home then he is 
Modi ji hav given an example of Democracy The repeal isnt good bt wht can be done.....
Only Modi Govt had the guts to implement these. I didn't expect this government to take these back. 
modi ko pata hai ki jamanat japat ho sakti hai U.P elections mein. this is last ditched efforts but i feel its too late now to do this...
Farmers or Punjabi Sikhs only
Farmers income reducted to half acc. To recent report well done buddy 
Farmers done the biggest mistake
farmers always get their rights   in whole world.  what's happening to India.
Farmers WON AND MODI LOST.
 farmers misguided/
I Support farmers ....we are with you
Support of farmers
Modi and BJP AROGANCE has now crossed all limits. People should teach them their original position.
Support farmers and tractor 
I'm with farmers
We support farmers 
Ravish, you can try anything but can't build a leader.
Rakesh tikait you are really a fit person to answer godi media.
All the farmers from Punjab, Haryana, UP , Rajasthan, Tamilnadu,  kerala,  chhatisgarh, bihar, MP, AP, Maharashtra etc., are willing to thank the PM for these awesome laws ..,
Ravish ,can you tell me how bilde our nation
*Farmers Protests And The Court*
Modi forgot this!
If the all Farmers should sell their products to Private corporaters... They are completely collapsed PDS.. then there is no mean of Rashan Cards,Antodaya Ann Yojana, BPL cards.
Farmers aage bado ham tumhare sath h 
*Modi knew that he will face brickbats and ridicule for taking the laws back.*
Farmers had sacrificed their comfort of home and protested ,their perseverance has paid.
Is this repeal being done to eventually secure the Presidential seat by bridging the gap created at UP and gaining ground in Punjab ?
Support Farmers Protest 
Support farmers or you will have to buy onions at 500/Rs,Ata or Maida 200/Rs per kilo,others price you can not imagine.LPG is  already above 700/Rs
MODI IS JUST A NON SENSE. HE DONT HV BRAIN TO THINK OVER AT LEAST FOR THOSE WHOSE FAMILY MEMBERS HV DIED IN THE PROTEST. HE DOESN'T MENTION THEM IN THE SPEECH.
Support for those who feed us, not for who feed modias
The farmers protest will help AAP to win in the Punjab elections.
No farmers NO FOOD. Love and support from the Netherlands 
THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT OF PRICE ASSURANCE AND FARM SERVICES BILL, 2020
This farmers specially from Haryana and punjab are afraid that they will lost the money while in other states farmers will profit.
Rakesh cricket ko aur hero mat bnao please meherbani
Only farmers who understands this law,it harm or not harm them
Farmers are unitimg as a farmer without any caste,creed and religion.
Farmers are the backbone our country govt atleast listen to their demands it has been 9 months they are protesting branding them with other names is disgusting from indian media
Modi ji's heart has not changed, he and his team have done a thorough assessment and evaluation whether there is more electoral damage in withdrawing the law or in implementing it, then the swagger has reduced, but for his blind devotees. it's a hard time.
We Support our Farmer brother's n sister's ( khalsaaid.org ) please share our contributions towards our Farmer's.
Farmers restored democracy to some degree.
These farmers have been protesting peacefuly for 6 months
Modi is playing a role of a hardcore autocrat , shame on him and on all those who are against farmers ...we really need to get rid of such an egoistic and dumb PM #istandwithfarmers
Punjab is just a tiny part of India. It cannot be held whole of India as sabotage. BJP has to keep bigger picture in mind. Farm laws need to be thought out even more given it can give rise to other kind of black economy that cannot be tracked. Cash is still the king in India unless it goes 80 percent cashless, these farm laws would have increased black economy size.
We are with the farmers and the students please March for democracy the whole world is watching from the UK
Modi loves giving foreign leaders big bear hugs but this is his treatment of his own countrymen......shameful
*NOW ALL FARMERS MUST RETURN TO THEIR STATE AND WILL SURELY STOP THE PROTEST.*
The farmers agitation is not against the Govt it's against the Corporates , who are ready and coming for Procurement everywhere with cleverness (By clubbing with FCI & Govt)
No farmers no food no future jai Jawan Jai kisan
Farmers don't pay mandi taxes , it's  buyer who pays over and above MSP.
Support Indian farmers from Chinas Hong Kong SAR! 
MODI should be declared a clown
farmers here in andhra have no objection to farm laws... they always suffer with market committee lootings
If farmers are so called "KHALISTANI" ...that means we are being feed by khalistanis
Farmers should've embraced the laws.. but instead there is needless controversy in all this. Implement the laws which real farmers would want  and deal with the Khalistani and anti nationals movement tactfully. And Indians must unite and support the give and defend our sovereignty. No foreign intervention is required.
Support farmers support India
Modi has no shame about how the farmers are sitting out in the cold, shows what sort of a leader he is - one who cares about no one except himself.
Punjab Farmers very daring farmers they do not care of thier live ready for death.
Punjab and Haryana farmers are getting MSP because their state govt is supporting them , they have well developed mandi system there.   On contrary we the farmers of UP are left on the mercy traders- baniyas because our state govt is not supporting us. If we sell our crop at MSP in UP mandis we have to wait for about 15 to 20 days in mandi to sell it and than about 1-1.5 months to paid  for it. So we are forced to sell out crop at 1200 or 1300 contrary to Msp 1900 . Every farmer of India is entitled to MSP but its our state government who are not doing enough to provide us ,so correct yourself punjab and Haryana are not taking other states share , they are just getting what they promised ,on contrary our govts are busy in petty politics building idols rather than Making good mandi infrastructure so we can sell our crop at fair price.
If farmers stay united like this after laws then these laws can't harm them.
In Support and in Solidarity with the Peaceful Farmers Protest Movement in New Delhi, India.
Farmers..??? Reaily...
Modi cares for his poll victory MORE than anything else on earth !
Modi should support Northern Alliance, ban Taliban.
Modi can never help anyone except richest Indians. Good initiative, this should continue till PM resignation.
When Modi brings something then you guys bent upon to paint him as dictator but when he corrects / climbs down you guys don't want to say that he respects democratic values eventhough it was a bit late. He don't want to give leverage to opposition and get united under Sharad Pawar. He also need to break the Khalistani leverage within farmer groups. The farmer protest could have lingered even for years with their illegal money flown from anti national movement. Of course, he needs consider overall propects of his political party as a prominent leader of it.
 When Modi turned 21 in 1971, India was fighting its third war with Pakistan.
Farmers of our country will live poorly and the people that are here to support this, the Bill was to commercialize farming so that investment could be done and the tools that farmers of our country have could be mordenized for example combiners and harvesters provided to farmers ob the companies expense
Ravish sir fan from tamilnadu 
Punjab is on the way to Kashmir
Now all Farmers will become Rich millionaires 
I am with Farmers
I support my sikh formers they r over heros inshahallah very soon we will win
How is Farmers bill taking away anything from farmers?
Support farmers 100 percent
If Modi speak Bengali mean advertisement, when she will do dramas ...!!!!....
I support farmers.but this is a suicide mission
Rakesh tikait will be best farmer of Indian...let's make him next PM..HAPPY
I'm from Punjab and my father is farmer so i now how important is this for our indian people to now current situation of farmer or kase bo survive kar rahe hai. Or Mere dad muje kahte hai ki hum kabi farmers wali line me nhi aana kyonki is cheej mein prophit hai hee nahin. jo kost phasal ko taiyaar karane mein aatee hai, vah bechane par bhee nahin mil rahee. Ek outsider isako samajh bhee nahin sakata.
Farmers should b Happy
Then the farmers are illiterates they are new age farmer's don't fool with your baaayoooooo or beeehannoooo!! If Congress would also do it farmers would still protest
Modi/Godi mukt India. To stop jumla and wasting indian tax payer money on events
No farmers no food , simple how long we people live on flesh or meat.  
Farmers and student must protest against Bjp monopolies poltics...
Ravish sir please reduce the number of advertisement
If the farmers of India want to be poor than what can we do for them 
 Modi is agressive and patriotic leader who could go to any extent to safeguard Indian soil.
#support Indian farmers.
I support for our farmers
If these are farmers than 
The farmers are right that they don't believe central government because it's full of loopholes .
Repeal 3 Bill and make sure law of the MSP
We are here to support you 
Rakesh Dacoit. Looted future of farmers. Well done. I  my endia.
Modi or bjp  mooh ke baal geera. modi dont play with jumlas and joot. phoot shoot leaders beware.
I support #FarmersProtest
That you farmers and peasants for the food we eat.May Almighty God in Heaven gives you more energy and blessings.......
Modi for another 2 terms...
Modi belives in  wearing dazzling clothes on every occasion when he faces the camera, his intention  speaks for his actions.
Ravish Kumar best anchor in India
Y all farmers not protesting , that means something is fishy against this govt Jai Modi
Some farmers must have experienced the benefits of MSP and laws. Now with this withdrawn they will see the impact.
Farmers are back bones of India 
Haryana kam h as expect toh pb
Modi police remember, they eat wheat which is produced by farmers
Farmers missed a golden opportunity.
Modi g ne agr pavitra mn ce mafi mangi hai ar bill wapas liya hai to iska smman hona chahiye hamare pm ek great leader hai inke nirnay ka smman hona chahiye
Rakesh Tikait is a Docait he is working on the money of lootians congress party. I Kick him to Dustbin.
All support and respect to  Hindu leader is Mr Sarma.
Support farmers and sikh brothers...
Modi is a great leader
Terrorist group m Or Ninhng kya frak hai.... Government ko issko series lena chahiye
Rakesh Takait is a Haryana police inaction creation, he was a very ordinary thug, Haryana Police inaction made him a fake political farmer leader. 
If Farmers win as many fajeLeaders are claiming it, it means now farmers will be very wealthy without these 3 rules and getting any help from govt... so let's stop their all subsidies and freebies they are getting for last 70yr but their situation never improved... 
Modi repealed that law.......
Farmers lost.
Farmers won't drive dangerously  in danger ,there are people exploiting farmers
Modi's dictatorship is visible now,if you question the government you will be treated like that
Tikait insulting cap of Himachal who are very calm decent and never react like Tikait jinkee koi nahi sunata and always give comments which are not true. Tikait not getting intension as he thinks to get.
- Farmers unable to pay middlemen's money, isn't that the reason for farmer's suicides?
If Modi has guts let him change FCI into Food Corporation of Punjab & Haryana  and start another system for rest of India.
Khalistan should not interfere here
Rakesh ji, pl protest against EVM too. Present situation of India is because of EVM only. No EVM no EVM no EVM only Ballots only ballots only Ballots.
I will support full aiming party
I am Support Farmers. Because I am Now In Delhi In Protest
Modi is a very great liar and dramatist. No body believes his words and no longer can cheat the people. Very soon he will pledge the country to the corporates
Farmers have been protesting peacefully for 2-3 months and most of them still are. But minority did get violent however what hasn't been showed is how the police was beating up some protesters who were causing no trouble at all. Some even speculate that these riots were planned by the government to put farmers in the bad light but no one really knows. Farmers have been protesting to have the newly introduced bills back.
Support Farmers                
Modi Govt intentionally did this
I support farmers protest for the sustainability of future generations.
If Tikait succeeds in breaking this monopoly of the Corrupt then he will Truly unite Indian people into a multiracial movement and change Indian politics forever !
If all farmers stop  there farms then fix the price of all farming products with govt then start farming.
RAKESH TIKAIT JINDABAD 
Haryana's home minister is concerned about kangana but he isn't concerned about laathicharge on farmers in haryana.
Farmers are fighting for country
Farmers are smarter than Modi...i am mind blown by their understanding of the system
No farmers in protest they all left goons
Jab Farmers Protest tha...Jab BJP kyu nhi milne aayi...You are Mr Choudhary saab
Did Modi pull back from the farm law made some andh bhakts eye open? I hope so
Those who support these protect first study farm law before commenting or supporting any side.  No one open eye last 70 year when farmers doing mass sucides because there is no reform. Now reform is here ? Why protect?
If farmers can sell directly and farmers are given freedom, then that means the people who are protesting are the middleman or the agents.. then all this protests is for this agents or middleman in the name of farmers, as it's easy to gain sympathy over farmers name
Tikait ji is the crown of real India.
Farmers Bill's totally Rong ha , we read.... so sad farmers last  nine  months se andolan main ha.... We request to  bharti Sarkaar Desh ke KISSAN ke ahwaaz sune... bills cancel kare.... thanks
Farmers make your own army to fight with Amit shah s mafia ..
           Farmers also got trapped in Modi's jumla.  He also got upset in the same way.  The way citizens across the country are troubled in the future.
Farmers are not so smart but they have honest, experienced leaders + history
Punjab and Haryana ka desertification, msp guarantee se tax ki or mar jhelegi middle class, fir khege ye inflation itni kyo bdh rhi hai, yar democracy se to bharosa uth chuka hai
Farmers are turning out to be the doom of the Modi government.
Farmers r protesting just on the basis of forecasts or assumptions like ' this may happen or that may happen '. However farmers r free to sell their crops anywhere, if they think that dealing with corporates will lead to extinction of mandi system than they should stick to old system that is selling their crops in mandi.
Rakesh Takait has contested assembly and loksabha elections before, he lost both elections. He got a  irrelevent issue to start a agitation. Most of these laws already existed. He has consciously  taken the support of Khalistanis & other anti nationals to make it deadly.
*Farmers of Punjab
Why this punjab and haryana farmers are doing this. Their are many other farmers in india they are not doing this only Punjab have problem by this
Support to farmer movement!! You deserve this victory!!
The farmers failed to understand good laws... but when such laws are rushed ... they are bound to fail.   If BJP had asked Gandhi's Party to propose the Bill as their manifesto idea, that BJP will support as Govt, giving them credit for their idea and passed as Oppositions Bill with BJP's amendments. 
farmers go home make india great again
.... Farmers !!!! Even modiji can't help if you are not capable of helping yourselves.....
Ravish kumar.....to the point 
Support farmers because this is the time when they really need it
Farmers must withdraw only after:
If modi really wants to help he should keep the current system but get rid of the laws that himder selling freely
Modi is doing the right thing. The current laws were set up by the British and need to be abolished.
Farmers suffer nation suffer
This is how modi govt. Is transforming India 
This farmers agitation will be remembered in the hundreds of years ahead. Congratulations to our farmers. Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan.
I. support farmers 
Farmers are right on their place
I am with these farmers
Support to the ndian farmers 
Tikait can be a potential PM candidate who was able to hold all the religions together in a  protest.
Modi (thinking about up election)- for the betterment of farmers... 
(a)Farmers (b) Bharat (c)Opposition party (d)Dividend if any to be garnered in the coming UP and Punjab election (e) His Modiness gilding his image away from a mere politician to a statesman?
Modi is dreaming high and Speaking loud. But the poor suffer a 10t
Farmers are feeling insucurities that's the problem and opposition parties are misguiding our farmers and taking advantage of it.
Acha toh jab farmers peaceful protest kr rhe the to sarkar ne assu gas ke gole or water guns chlayi or bariketing ki or yeh democracy ke khilaf tha tab tum log nhi bole or ab jab farmers ko fir se roka to kya farmer nhi ldega.
And modi govt is totally focused on privatisation .
Ravish sir m ab apke sath h
Modi ji elite employee to Adani failed to serve or to make farmer slaves.
Le Modi: We're repelling this laws..
Farmers we support you 
Rakesh should be arrested for this.
ye modi pagal ho gaya hai,full support to farmers
Farmers: Demands the government to roll back the ordinances. 
Modi The Great
Just because farmers of Punjab are against it and there is election in up
Farmers won the match 
if farmers dont want to improve their situatio n just because of cheap politics then no one can do anything
Modi is sleeping or what
After all farmers who lost their lives while protesting and  who were in protest continuously,Big Salute to them......Jai Kisan....
Modi's arrogance will lead to the downfall of Bjp.Before passing those laws they should have realized it will face heavy backlash as the farmers or middle man who enjoys a monopoly will protest against these laws and slowly khalistanis are also  getting involved in this protest.
The Modi government is forced by the US to open up to the farming reforms, backed by big agriculture corps
Farmers r doing peacuful protest from starting
Farmers won the match
Modi's heart beats for corporates
- Farmers get subsidy (w.r.t grains price, fertilizer price, and free electricity water etc).
But why are the farmers protesting then? They're getting screwed despite MSP. Why don't they support the government's good decision????
Farmers need a teacher like you... Farmers will get their rights only if they are aware of it.
Farmers have lost- those who do hard work and does not get the share they should get.
Support for farmers protest
Khalistan best solution
Farmers will benefit from contract farming as production has to increase in the future as the population of India increases.
Farmers have right to protest against the corrupt police and government in India. Its our democratic right. our forefathers help to gain independence . Shame on the corrupt government.
Repeal farm laws..
Modi should give one more good news by resigning from the post n handover it to someone educated like Swamy or someone else. Next he will sell india to Ambani or some rich clients.
Modi govt done best work in favour of Farmers .
Punjab farmers are anxious for losing Easy money they have got so used to on the back of unsustainable farming practices supported by populist govt policies...
I support farmers. 
modi said us  Khalistan but he apologize
Modi government against farmers
Me with the farmers of my country
Modi deflecting blame by giving others credit. Very slick. He knows this has gone sideways.
Farmers can sell their crop as they wish with out intervention of third party intrest. Once upon time long long ago they use to sell crops directly with interchange of things. My doubt is U. S. A farmers how they sell their crops, European farmers how they sell their crops, Russian farmers how they sell their goods... After observing many developed countries farmers selling their products methods they should discuss with State Governments and then with Central Government without doing any violence.
Modi  breakdown totally constitution of india ..
Rakesh tikait you are saying right 
Farmers who have doing hardwork day and night in crop field but this modi sarkar breaks  hearts of all farmer ..
We are with our Farmers  Kisan ekta zindabad  full support from Delhi 
Farmers the true sons of the soil will remove the corrupt BJP government and its blind followers long live farmers of India.
Farmers Producer Organisation (FPOs) of minimum 500 farmers to be formed ( Central Govt has target of 10000 FPOs) - FPOs to be formed by engaging 2-3 Villages of Same Panchayat (in. Rajasthan) of nearby Panchayat (in Haryana).- All farmers should have same shareholding and no licensed traders should be made member of FPOs.
Modi have got no clue about Adolan
Rakesh Tiket Is totally Failure, Doesn't know anything.
But support it when it does something 
I support government of India for all the law and regulations implement by them to make India a better place. Strict action needed to make country better.
We support the bill
Only farmers that too landlords of Punjab are aggrieved by laws no other state farmers are agitating or opposing them.Entire episode is instigated and financed by politicians and agencies from abroad to disturb india.The speed at which SC has approached the issue is less than a snail 
Farmers now  splitting to modi govt and now modi is giving this credit to others .  Accha vibes only for modi and bad vibes for others 
So..farmers are protesting and it is justified .... 
Farmers income since last 70+ years have been almost stagnant but nobody raised a voice against it but when the government is trying to improve agricultural sector somehow the rich farmers/ middlemen are on roads protesting with the fear that they would lose their chance to make huge money from small farmers. 
Modi saved BJP's career over national interest. BJP is irreplaceable for working in national interest...... We don't have options other than BJP
Modi, Stop your parliament hooliganism at least now.. Please reform yourself first... Don't listen to Amit Bhai..
Now #rakesh Tikait makes each and every farmer billionaire
Farmers are dying of cancer from producing food  ; can government give subsidies for good health and medicines at low prices .
If all the farmers decide to cut down production by 20% instead Protesting, they will make more money because of demand.
Farmers having their Breakfast while sitting on chairs and most of them having western breakfast only. Businessman Farmers??
Farmers are basically ill-informed as is the viewer of these kinds of videos, at no point in this video the narrator simply explained/read those 3 bills with/without his opinion.
All farmers Boycott those products  show on zee news
# we support farmer
Our farmers have the power to uproot the Modi government out of power.
Modi and RSS is responsible for this
Modi should interfere immediately. Throwing cold water on humans in a cold weather amounts to torture.
Support forModi
Modi is surrendering infront of kissan and focus on U.P election
Modi and other political parties are enjoying the parade when the farmers are suffering. If farmers are not happy why don't modi take back his bills which farmers are unhappy and being pushed to have them.
Modi seen the power of farmer's. This agitation show the new life for democracy..Kisan Ekta zindabad.
I support farmers 
I support farmers 
Farmers from Punjab. Because this new farmer bill will now end punjab monopoly . 
Farmers should not interrupt political activities of a party.
Ravish Sir..is incredible
#we support farmers 
Only punjab hariyana and western UP farmers are getting MSP benefits
And I support entire protest.but, this event is bad. Tiranga should not be touched, replaced by another flag.
Farmers will win lol
Only Punjab should be excluded from Farm bill and should be implemented across India. If others are benefitted from farm laws Punjab would join the law.
Farmers protest have Justice
What about farmers in rajesthan or does NDTV only care about farmers who oppose bjp. Why dont they give same coverage to them.
I have been to punjab recently and vibe was not at all good. Some sense of superiority always present there.
We Farmers are also going  to collectors office...Against BDA(Bareilly  Development Authority) they are going to acquire Land of 12 villages.....
Tikait pura uneducated hay... Uski bath sehi ye prove hay..
Support the farmers 
If modi had discussed this laws with farmer before forcing it on us. It could never happened
Farmers protest is one of the  largest protest in Indian History
Farmers I love] you we would be dead without you shame on police acts shame God bless our farmers 
Modi is becoming an assistant to businessmen, not as an assistant to farmers.
If there is no farmers no food  nobody can work than no business no companies no cities  nothing can work without food how can modi forget he eat when farmers grow work hard  shame on modi
Modi is right.It is a rule for the welfare of farmers. Today L am sad to hear the farmers laws were repealed .I  amwith Modi
Y are some farmers covering their faces?
This farmers can teach the whole nation how to be united. May God give them strength.
No farmers no food modi down down
Haryana and Punjab have better AMPC system then other states
NOW farmers should not cry about middle men exploiting them because they themself stopped reforms
From where tikait is getting so much money
farmers are on right, govt should be held on negotiate with them
Rakesh jee give up Kisha leader ship and join political party although you are indirectly involved and you not success in you pseudopolticis
We support farmers. God bless them.
This is a punjab ,Haryana farmers protest not whole Indian farmers protest as no protest in 10easternStates 5 southern states and 4Western States also 2 northern UT.
Farmers exploitation is the main issue why farmers are protesting.
Farmers should be supported by all states
The farmers are destined to be slaves of Arthiyas..Let them be
the farmers bill (2020) is like getting proteins from supplements (sold at a premium price by corporates ) because real food is not available or it is available but "knowledge" about real protein rich food is lacking ... and the companies take full advantage of this lack of knowledge ...make the profits ....ultimately replace farmers with machines ....
Support farmers #delhichaloo.With the giver of sustenance..Law for farmers.Farmers do not want that law.Then why that law for Modi?
Support panchshil
Farmers in this country have got many loan waivers but then also they aren't able to meet their needs .
If Farmers don't want reforms then don't give any subsidy and other debt benefits from Tax payers hard earn money.
we're farmers right we really knows how to deal with those disloyal cattles 
Will Punjab and Haryana farmers now do a similar agitation in States that do not pay any MSP to their farmers like West Bengal, Odisha, Tamil Nadu etc? Because poor farmers from these states would have been the greatest beneficiaries of these farm laws.
Modi finish Law, Healthcare, Economy, Education and jobs modi Bol Bachhan Feku finish our country 
I support farmers 
We support farmer  
FARMERS protest can further rise the covid infections. Not playing politics but general concern.
If farmers don't want these laws then put forward there demands for any other law because farmers are dying in india and can't work with old laws. So what they need in new laws atleast show that. Can't support farmers if they only ask we don't want any policy, that's stupid
Modi has earned my vote.
Now the farmers will need to talk to the supreme court
Modi doesn't have the resolve and raw guts
Punjab is EXPORTING anarchy to UP, Delhi and Haryana for ..... pittance?
Support the Farmers
Farmers in the Other Parts of India don't have a single problem and why do these punjab farmers have a problem? Congress the opposition government is creating chaos in India against BJP and Narendra Modi. And the Farmers of the Rest of the India came to protest against these farmers protesting for no reason. Making innocent faces won't  make you great and develop stympathy for these fake farmers in no smart person's heart. These are Khalistani people and kisan andolan is just a name but they are the Khalistani supporters. These people protested with the Khalistani flag in USA also at the same time and they said it was all linked and planned.
all the modi bhakts , godi media , etc should listen that the dead man tried to did be-adbi of "guru granth sahib ji" . and many cases are coming of these be-adbis of guru sahib also thats why this hpn , so that galat kaam krne wala 100 baar soche .
So the farmers are 'dying', protesting vehemently, going through the extreme weather, beating police men(as they stopped them from moving in) because of the causes mentioned in the video.
But Modi Govt tried to exploit this largest sector in American concept which was absolutely wrong.
Farmers of these two states should not act in such a selfish way!
Is modi sleeping or do I india have a pm, or I don't think it happend but our honorable pm don't knows
These all farmers  are big bloody fools.They dont have any right to destroy the governments property and beat the plolice. Now 300 no of police has been injured by these fools (devil's). Even they are misbehaving with our national flag. When i saw this on news it made me aggressive. Every Indian should love and respect the national flag. This is humble request to the  central government  that to take serious action on them.
Farmers you deserve a big salute ! And my sincere support for your focused efforts and protest. The FAKE BJP govt is evil and they will continue with their diversions. Stay focused and your efforts will not go in vain.. Full support to farmers who are leading this protest for all of us patriotic Indians 
When Modi can buy two plains during a pandemic why Kisan can't have a comfort break. Try sleeping 107 days on the road. All kisan do go home from time to time for some break. What is wrong if they stayed in the hotel? They have not taken indian peoples money like modi
Modi has failed. People should think before electing them.
Tikait is crook anti national should be jailed at the earliest.
Rakesh Tikait is a goon who has the audacity to say "hum soochna dete hain, permission nahin lete"..pathetic..no way these goons can be considered annadata
Modi played well. Not surprised, if he can get away with something like 2002, poking farmers and disrupting their movement was never going to be difficult for him.
And does Modi think ,he can win Punjab by repealing the laws?
For Modi government, I believe this back off is gonna hunt BJP for long time.
Then what about the farmers of other states. The government should assure MSP for farmers of all states so that all farmers can take benefit of MSP. Then MSP assurance would be a valid demand.
Farmers protest, and tractor rally was peaceful..... It was provoked by bjp goons with the help of Delhi police...... Same script as modi and godi tried to malign Shaheen bagh peaceful protest..... Delhi gunda police deserve this
We support zee news
No more support to farmers. Shameful act. Govt must take strict action.
UP, Punjab, KCR and lastly farmers - effort to placate all....sabka saath sabpe raaj
Support to farmers 
I am modi supporter but the way they are protesting i think gov should take their law back
If he was from farmers family He would not tell them to turn away and go
Farmers & these people died not leaders son or Leader, Went to kill farmers, got killed too, sad news God is watching everything 
No farmers, no food
Only punjab farmers!
 When Modi turned two, India held its first general elections in 1952.
Ravish Kumar my friend, PLEASE PUT ENGLISH SUBTITLES TOO Ji
Modi thinks he is the owner of... Parliament 
Farmers Struggle will bring new era of Democracy
I support farm laws. Anti-farm law protests are itself anti-farmer and anti-national. Period.
Why the farmers vote for bjp? Farmers will continue their protest
Modi chaged neharu 370 act, don't it mean change of act and constitution
Modi ji all your good efforts are being detailed by this gunda Tikat
Will the farmers get MSP outside the APMC i.e. in the private markets as well ?
Farmers are everything.....please listen them......
Where is our some farmers to whom Delhi police kidnapped
Rakesh tiketh ase chair nhi miegi neta banne k liye
Support farmers and app party
Khalistan zindabad,,,we are with farmers
Farmers needs the assurance from goverment. Modi government is in favour of private players. 
tikait & others don't go to farmers committing suicide in Maharashtra, Is it because not getting any fund for going there & is congress ruled state???????????
All the farmers will stop protesting if govt announce minimum price of buying produce from farmers. 
Farmers are protesting peacefully from 55 days But the arrogant govt has taken no Satisfactory  action to resolve issue. 
We support Farmers. Farmers feed us food. Farmers now protest for every Indian and Indian's future. Protect our Farmers from Sanghis.
Farmers are not allowed to this farmer meet, whats the point then?
I support operation blue star 
The farmers are just asking for certain assurances.
Punjab saved Indian Democracy once again.
Can farmers stop the work and how can we eat ?
Modi should resign and he should go back train station..and sell tea or go modi barwae gooo
But farmers are not getting the MSP  outside APMC for rice and wheat.
Support from PAKISTAN
Support you Modiji on your every decision. Great PM of our country. Proud of you. Small farmers will now understand the benifits of these 3 laws.
Ravish sir hatsoff u,,
Farmers protest nhi h ye ab anti BJP propanganda chla rakha h.. enke leaders k pass koi meaningful talk nhi h.. aur political harktein karni b hain to peacefully krlo kyun faltu m jagh jagh road block Krna h enko..
PUNJAB MAI BHE BIJLI K RATE BOHUT JADA MEHNGE HAI
farmers protests is a slap against NDA.
Farmers only decides selling price....
Rakesh Tikait is impressive.
So farmers eventually turned out to be khalistani on republic day now we can say some news was true on tv news
Modi just pushed farmers back in the colonial era.....
Modi , shah Eyes are on punjab....as capt amerendar singh resings... but something is happening behind 
Why only punjab farmers are unsatisfied with the farm laws. I am from Uttar Pradesh and here I can see no farmer support this protest.
Modi needs to change his actions and laws for panjab and Panjabi farmers.  He must not do what the british did to panjab.  He has been elected to look after his people.  That means panjabis as well as gujrati.
Ravish Kumar ji, I am from Tamil Nadu I always watch NDTV and I respect you sir,we all fed up with fake news  God Bless You all Sir
Farmers income should go up Salaries earned make more money Farmers protest support from canada Trump Modi are going home
Khalistan is coming. You can't stop it now.
Farmers will always remain poor and Middle Man will be in Profit.
Farmers victory
I will support peasant and farmer 
Rakesh tikait is a brave  leader.
Where was he when all these farmers were killed?
Modi has laid all his eggs in one baskets and that entire basket is on the run now . Complete failure of foreign policy
It's just Punjab and Haryana farmers which are unhappy
If farmers are not happy then why bring it now. Anyhow they are the ones who are going to struggle In farms. Nobody else. They know what needs to be done
Now modi is doomed. He is doing the same mistake what Indra gandhi did with Sikh brothers. He messed up with wrong people for the corporates.
Modi speaking on Capitol Violence and France attack is Foreign Diplomacy
Support Dhruv on most topics but disagree with this one. I dont think there is any country which implements MSP successfully. We think we are very unique among all the countries? Do we know of any budget estimates?
Farmers are farmer not terrorist
Modi government has started mapping land by drones... Now the government should start imposing income tax on the super rich farmers..
Ravish kumar is happy with the new improved taliban.he can go to afganistan and report true picture from there
Modi finish Law, Healthcare, Economy, Education and jobs modi Bol Bachhan Feku finish our country 
we are with the farmers who are feeding more than 100 crores citizens and exporting food grains to many countries.
Haryana and punjab are to of the biggest agricultural states but people in there states have been taking up loans and sending their kids abroad so that they dont get into this vicious circle where a farmers has more to suffer than anyother in the society. If agriculture would have been so good in out country people would have not been sending their kids outside. 
Punjab is not just 1 state its a very important and sensitive  border state since BJP lost another very sensitive border state West Bengal which was very essential for internal security of the nation the BJP was not ready to loose another. thats my view on this subject matter. coz having a nationalist government in all border states is very essential for internal security of the nation. This is the major problem in a modern democratic system that the fate of the nation lies in the hands of voters among which more than 90% of them have less or no information or understanding about the security necessities of the nation they just vote on their personal petty needs and demands.
As before farmers win congrats guys and shivas
We are farmers 
We support kisan from Punjab from Nagpur Maharashtra
Modi-Shah won't not commit mistakes like late Vajpayee ji. That's why he got re-elected in 2019 unlike the NDA in 2010. Statesmanship is not required all the time. It is more important to get Yogi re-elected in 2022 and also help Amarinder Singh to keep the Congress and AAP out of power in Punjab.
Modi scard about 2022 up election 
Farmers celebrating republic day
It was the farmers' honesty and integrity versus the government's lies and dishonesty.
Modi and Monsanto are spawned from the same devil . Down with both wish our farmers fought Monsanto the way these brave Sikhs have maybe a strawberry would taste like a strawberry instead of just look like one #iremember buy organic.
I will support farmers 
Modi govt should start with tax reforms like abolition of Income Tax and Capital Gains Tax.
Ravish sir UPSC IS NOT POSTPONING THE PRELIMS  EXAM WHICH IS GOING TO BE ON 4TH OF OCTOBER. DUE TO INCREASING CASES OF CORONA VIRUS, IS IT RIGHT TO TAKE EXAMS. PLEASE RAISE THIS ISSUE SO UPSC SHOULD PAY ATTENTION TO THIS MATTER.  AS AIIMS DELHI DOCTOR SAYS CORONA CASES IS NOW GOING OUT OF CONTROL.
Farmers are great you can not Stop them modi
Farmers should not be swerved by the fake & swallow promises of the govt.Those farmers lost their lives in due course of farmers 's agitation, their relatives must be duly compensated!
 Farmers don't need degree for it.
Farmers are being called a terrorist, khalistani, and whatnot by these top-notch media houses.
Modi shame on you, hope you get the pain you are giving to the farmers.
What about the farmers who lost their lives? Those who work for goons are?
Modi bowing to Farmers protest against Law  which was claimed to be very help ful to  farmers.  Good precedent to Modi haters lobby and  to celebrate .Heavy Insult to genuine farmers who were appreciating the law.
Do farmers want to languish in their poverty to enrich the middlemen?  They should come out and protest the withdrawal of these three farm laws .
Farmers should not sell to any private player, go to apmc ...why going to private player
Support farmers and stand with Farmers
I  am in support with farmers 
Same on modi you are give year prime minister you make country transhcane
Support farmers 
Rakesh Tikait ji squeezed lemon on the wound
This farmers protest will bring down the modi government, The government should stop showing favouritism to Adani and Ambani. This will be BJP'S Waterloo. Mr.Modi is very much required to be in the center as we have two hostile neighbours, China and Pakistan, only Modi can Stop them. So please solve this Farmers protests ASAP , drop all the EGO and find a solution with these so called Farmers. If they don't farm then there will be a shortage of Food.
I support farmers!
The farmers want the following things from the govt.:
Is Modi going to enact national security law against these farmer protests as China ccp did to Hongkong protests?
Farmers are the backbone of country not BJP. 
Farmers are right bcz privatization always be expensive than govt
The farmers who are protesting for the 3 laws we are not going to support farmers we are going to support the 3 laws
Rakesh Tikait is an Honest & Solid Leader ..Farmers should stay united and get MSP Law and all other issues resolved
Punjab ex cm captain has advised our PM...after Up  and Punjab  elections farm laws will be back
MODI SE GATIYA INSAAN KOI NHI H
Modi is doing an excellent job but the lower cadre which is ill-exposed and the sycophants surrounding the top levels block the sane voices in almost all the institutions.
Ravish kumar has true and honest mind and heartsalute you ravish ji
we support #Farmers..
modi governments very very good decision, Now farmer's have to concentrate on organic farming 
i support gov they came up with very good bill
Farmers want under middle man control 
We support our farmers....Godi media go to hell
Farmers carry seeds and fertilizer . Farmers don't carry Swords, Iron rods, Stones . Only rioters and hooligans carry Swords, 
Ravish sir vl give you a good credit reporting at prime time, waitting for it ... 
farmers were crushed to death, BJP workers were beaten to death matter closed.
Ravish Kumar sir  best anchor
When farmers get angry, it means things are really going not well
Rakesh is a Old Jackle or a Old a Fox have u ever seen about research in agriculture field  he is talking have anybody seen him working in a Field  does he talk about Bhumata and  doesonly in 2/3 states and only in some pockets are farmers in Bharat only sugar,wheat are the only crops in India also about power does only farmer use electricity what are the businesses of Rakesh and his family has he paid Income Tax legitimately
We support farmers.
Farmers had some doubts regarding farm bills and BJP government held talks with farm unions like akali dal etc. And BJP government ensured that farmers will be protected against corporates. 
Farmers- criminals and terrorists.
Modi govt. : great in reforms, disastrous in implementation. But even if only one of their reform (Agriculture, Labour, Education) worked properly it will be a masterstroke.
Farmers are not protesting for no reason they know wt is it with farmers laws so only they protested for this long and had wt they want 
Farmers are hardworking. WHY CANNOT THEY SETUP AGENCY AND SELL THEIR PRODUCT DIRECTLY CONSUMERS. BYPASSED THE MIDDLEMAN THEY ARE THE ONES MAKING ALL THE WEALTH. SOME INTELLECTURES NEED TO COME OUT TO CHAMPION PROGRESS AND HELP HIS COUNTRYMEN.
If farmers are no happy then there must be some problem with the bills, this govt can't keep even the farmers happy, they are giving us the basic food, it's necessity and more than any other commodity, do hell with govt bills and policies
Modi where are u ?
This farmers stir is an example of how the stir/ agitation should not be done  and also it show that without any backing of any political party, the stir is just a big ZERO.
Farmers dying pm modi is responsible for farmers dying in FARMERS PROTESTS.
We support farmers  
"The farmers do not want to cause any violence, they are here for peace."
Farmers from Punjab should remember that they are getting free taxpayers money in the name of MSP. 
Modi next election i bet ur not going win ba bye makeup man
I will support farmers 
These farmers protests are taking ugly turn now. Farmers should not participate in dirty politics by reaching to states having upcoming elections. Punjab's Farmers were earlier in Bengal and now they are in UP for upcoming elections. Those farmers not giving any statement about the incident are acting more like a political party.  Such heinous crimes of killings and doing politics over it is not going to benefit in long run to anyone, be it for farmer or for normal citizen.
No farmers No food No life
Tikait jee seems to be very shrewd and cunning.
Tikait Zindbad.Andol Zindabad. My best respect for Tikait Jee.
I support farmers......
Why farmers of states other than Punjab, Hariyana, western UP were not agitating against these new laws?
All Haryana people r our brothers sisters
The farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab and Haryana there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers. In Punjab and Haryana, the farmers are not only from jatt caste or sikhs, there are also pundits, Brahmins , and dogar farmers in Punjab. Farmers feed the nation, big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Abany, Adnany . These big companies are controlling Modi. These bills are designed to make each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmers will have no option to sell to another buyer due to logistics and resources , and the big companies have the logistics and they will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and export to other countries. This will cause food shortage in India,because big companies will be able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the business tycoons, and big companies. The GST is hurting the small shops, small factories, and Modi needs to be removed from his throne
But what about us??? We farmers of up don't want these laws to repeal.....
Farmers are god 
Farmers need Swaminathan  Report recommendations legalised so that they can get a fair price for their produce. Nothing else!!!!
Haryana govt no less than Taliban. This SDM should be suspended
Support Farmers !
Farmers feed us not like modi ji, ambaani and adaani who want to attain top positions to fulfill their worldy desires. Modi govt is suppressing their voice if farmers are saying they don't want this law then why government have passed it. Today they need our support. Jai Jawaan Jai Kissan
Ravish I love youuu come north korea
Farmers r protesting, for more than a year; WITHOUT BREAK  
I support Taliban .Now go for pakistan and win there also .
Farmers are neglected in an agricultural dependent country. Authorities are ignonarat.
 When Modi was just six months old, India had hosted the first Asian Games in New Delhi and Jawaharlal Nehru introduced India's first five-year plan.
Farmers unity zindabad
Only punjab and hariyana ke wajah se other garib states ke kishano ka kiya hoga..ye chahe..congress ho ya khalistani ya Chinese..sab ke pichhe ..oppositions ke hat he... yesab topiwalo se..beware...
Modi se Bara India me actor koi nhi Hai 2021 Hai award modi ko Dena chahye or award jooti ho I mean shoes or hona gold ka chaye akhhir pm modi jo hain
I am support always farmer
Now I support for Hindu rashtra.
Rakesh Tikait answered well.
I support farmers 
Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar is responsible for this
The farmers need to understand the laws and policies of the govt. and The Government has to be patient.....
Farmers wins 4th time, 2 times under British rule
Is Rakesh is talking about poors from villeges, cities,Metros, farmless farmers agnoy ,Is Rakesh is going to distribute his extra land to landless farmers .
Modi is the opposite of what Gandhi stands for
Rakesh tiket urf terrisrst comedy achi kar Leta hai 
I am with farmers 
Farmers are real heros
Rakesh tikait is more intelligent than the anchor . He destroys the Godi media agenda.
What about farmers from MP, Maharashtra, UP, Rajasthan? They go in the dust bin, I guess.
Modi has played a trick card. Keep watching this space.
Modi ji come and have debate on it with ravish u will come to know what you did. Always u alone speaks let ravish ji get chance to speak
These farmers should flee the country until learns it's lesson
I support farmers, Jai hind
Now those farmers should protest who wants to pass these bills.....not only farmers I think everyone who supported these bills should come forward and stop this repealing of bills.
We too are farmers, 90% farmers are with govt.
After all the farmers deaths... Curses shall come upon this man.... God speed.
We support former
These farmers are justified
Ravish  ji  is  a  great  man  of  India.
I support the farmers of Punjab India from the Pakistan Punjab side... respect and support farmers
Why farmers r protesting?? This bill will benefit them..
Rakesh tikait is brilliant minded person.
modi media will not show it
Modi want to make vote bank stronger for U.P election.
We support all farmer with tikayait
we support family !
MODI will ruin country , who consider like below.
Modi should win again
Modi is a such a brave leader . Even for elections also we should have bend infront of them like this.
Farmers are the real life Ironman
Rakesh Sir sach bolte hain aur sach to karua hota hi hai
Khalistan future of sikhs
We support kishan
the farmers protested as the govt now refused to buy the non basmati paddy which is purchased by only the govt and when it is sold directly to traders they give a very low price as compared to the price which govt pays for the non basmati paddy. The farmers would have occured a heavy loss due to the law and only after the protest did the govt agree to purchase that paddy
Modi Ji is the Best PM.
Ravish kumar, you are my heartbeat Sir love you Ravish ji,
The farmers has just tested blood. The will up the anti
Farmers 'organizations are breaking the trust of the people in the courts of India by raising their voices against the law. The farmers' movement has done great damage to the country.
I support you farmers in
Modi should rather ban some Indian organizations like AIMIM , separatists in Kashmir, which are  communal and whose ideologies are bordering with that of Taliban
 Modi was just 14-year-old when Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) was formed.
Modi Ji was last hope, I thought he had 56 inch ka seena, but it seems like he is a coward.
Ravish kumar ji you and Rakesh tikait ji are really fighting with these demons
Modi is rejecting the earlier setup installed by earlier govt regimes.
Tikait is harping only one word MSP MAP now where was he before 2014,Govt doesn't have magic band for all the ills of previous Govts
#Support the farmers! #Support the farmers!! Support the farmers!!!
If Farmers will not leaving we also fon not talking food.
Support the Indian farmers 100%
Tikait is planning on coming election 
Support Kejriwal for PM of India
Farmers dont sell your food commodities to town or city people...Let's see what these town or city people will eat.....???
Farmers needs to be told about the impact of over production of wheat and rice. Why should tax payers pay for wasteful production of wheat that nobody consumes?
Modi : Breathes
Punjab election is near , what about the farmers who lost life in this process
Modi is spineless and isn't taking action on roadblocks as he knows that he may lose votes...
All farmers will become rich 
Reject modi's govt! Reject modi's govt. May it rott in Hell .
Modi is ushering in the NWO at the expense of the majority of its people.
That's why punjab government is protesting in the name for farmers 
I Support Farmers. National Media can learn from SU. All those who disliked this video belong to Godi Media or Andhbhakats.
ya  ya modi everything you say is good for everyone but others are fools so they dont understand . ifyou have courage then go do a press conference first. from an organize sector to make it more unorganise only for the good for the corperate
I support Farmers!
Punjab and Bengal  will be a headache for all the govts at the centre.
How to support  old acts
The farmers bill affects all of India. I dont understand why there are only protesters from Punjab. There are other Indian states that have far more farmers than Punjab however theres no objection from there. wonder why , seems like they maybe incentivized by the the Congress government in Punjab to protest against the central government of India. 
Farmers protest
Only farmers 
Tikait and others should be arrested and jailed (for Aajeewan karawas) in murder of innocent kisans and other  crimes.
I SUPPORT FARMER'S
The farmers are very much justified in their protests.
All the farmers congratulations and hats off
Why repeal? Leave it to the states. Farmers in some states are entrepreneurial like Gujarat. Farmers had the opportunity of contract farming, raise investment and share risk of farming with large companies. All that gone. 
Farmers are most important people and major sectors(I would say all sectors) are depending on them and if they are in trouble then I would say government are not working properly and all politicians are begging votes before elections and then they are not working for farmers!
Support for reality and honestly. AJIT ANJUM. SALUTE.
Rakesh ticket ji bohut ache inshan hai 
Modi government should have done what it did for GST. Try and build consensus rather than steam rolling the reforms.
       support for Nepal 
Farmers == Humanity
Farmers who are overly-dependent on Mandi system has become feared over some hypothetical situation which is created by some people to spread panic. I belonging to farmer family, still having active farming of wheat & cotton (both falls under MSP), my father & others around him sees more opportunities with new bill. I would bet on my father who is also engineer as well maintain our farms than any other...
Farmers turned it Violent after they promised it would be Peaceful 
Do only Haryana and Punjab bandh. People are protesting there not here.
Modi has sold his self respect and our constitution together at one time.....
Modi BJP govt is trying from there side, now farmers in remote villages also have to understand about the opportunities
Repeal the farm laws and stop catering to billionaire
I am with farmers
I support farmer but you guys are  best you are neutral but I want to tell u that those swords are nihang singh part GURU GOBIND SINGH provided them so that's why they carry  I hope you understand before judging people you have clear all the points from all the prospects  and I see many videos where local punjabi reporter interviewing some modi bhaks who claims to be local people  but he shakes hand with police when cameraman record that the police man ran away thats showing some police man not all and some Delhi local bad people came together and you know 30 police man beating one Sikh boy until his unconcious by hitting is turban that's inuf then any Sikh comes to defend himself Godi media show that was terrorist  please see local news don't see any other
What about farmers in rest of India who didn't have a problem with the revised farm laws? No farmers protested in Maharashtra, West Bengal, Tamil Nadu or in states where non-BJP governments rule. I agree that the government should have extensively discussed the laws in the parliament, took the stakeholders' interests into account before passing them. I find it curious that role played by "opposition" to mislead farmers to teach Modi a lesson, isn't being discussed in this episode. Probably they're now gloating over after Modi rolled back the laws but farmers will realise their folly in the near future. Lose-lose situation.
Farmers cannot go to Delhi due to Corona but Amit Shah can go to Hyderabad hipocrisy
Modi should telecast this video in live interview, it will must reach to many people.
Farmers our heros
Farmers are not God ! 
Rakesh tickets zindabad
I support this farmers...
Farmers are not stupid
Punjab election is coming...that's why he took this decision. Great achievement of our farmers  support to dear farmers from Tamilnadu.. Vande Mataram 
Farmers can punish this govt by not selling anything to them...starve this govt...it ll be bent on knees
Modi govt may be wondering, which gang should we name them any suggestions, RSS??
I am with the farmers but not with the state Government of Punjab and some 400/500 Artiyas who ruling the roost.This protest is by,for and of Artiyas who fear they will lose 5K to 7K Crore annual income to them and the state by way of Tax charged,which is 6/7%.They are trying to create fear that Corporates (Ambani Adani) will take away their land and what not.The Artiyas/Bicholiyas are also private individuals and everybody knows how they deal with the farmers. The fear of the Artiyas is that the farmers will be free from their Chungal
Farmers will feel cheated.
Acha hota UP and Punjab election pahle ho jaate . 
Ravish Kumar! What an oration. 
Repeal the 3 farm law and make new laws with consensus with farmers and other related specialists .
Repeal of Farm laws = Loss of Farmers
MODI is MODI....he is one of his kind ...he know's when to move forward or REPEAL  and when to defence or attack .....Jai Hind Jai Bharat .....JAI SHREE RAM ....
*We support Modi against this Deshdrohi*
SUPPORT FARMERS .... THE ANNDATA .... 
The farmers had the right to protest... but there are certain norms which need to be followed while protesting against any topic or issue..
Farmers says I can take guarantee for your marriage but how can I take guarantee if there will be no child birth after your marriage.
We support kisan andolan, they are fighting for their right.
Farmers we know what is the limit of you and what is in favour of country we will never accept your choice not to vote BJP but we will vote BJP ok
Farmers keep united n every demand will be met because the urge for power will bring down any person on it's knees
Ravish ji aap great ho.
Modi stop killing them please
#Farmers are feeling insecured.
Farmers Agitation will not have any impact on Modiji Govt.
Rakesh Tikait was so savage. Loved it. 
Farmers power
Ravish kumar ji aadab. You are the real son of india. You are a great human being and above all roll model of jurnalism in india. God bless you.
I support farmers culprit should be arrested
Farmers do have an issue which demands the attention of the government, but they need to realize the limits of their agitation lest it should boomerang.
We support real KISHANS,not Tikayat type gunda kishans.Boycott Congress&opposition .Jai Bharat
Farmers should get their rights and justice ..we vote and pay taxes to have rightful benefits in our country, what are we getting? This is unacceptable behaviour of government. Farmers are core of India and are part of major GDP contributing sector of India. In support of farmers rights    
FARMERS HAVE THE RIGHT TO RESIST!!!!
We support farmers 
Were the farmers in the first few weeks ready to talk to the Government?
If farmers don't want this. Just remove this law fools. Jinke liye hai unko nai chahiye. To thop kyu rahe ho
We are with our farmers from tamilnadu
Modi Hai to mumkin Hai. Bharat vishavguru bn gya Hai. Too much democracy. Kisi bhi politician ka bacha nahi mrta. Pr hamare log samjte nahi Hai. We are responsible for this because we gave them chance to do so.
Modi never realised that we voted him to take decisive and firm decisions, instead he preached high but delivered substandard in some artificial fear of rejection.
Farmers asked permission for "tractor rally" ( that's why they be driftin) as a form of protest
We are farmers. Our brothers r on boarder. If we can sacrifice them for nation then imagine what we can do for our rights. My 3 cousins r in Army n soon I will join to n it really breaks my heart when people call us anti national or Congress supporters. Its heartbreaking..
Farmers stand your ground . Do not allow the corporations to take over.
RAKESH TIKAIT KO EK BAR AFGANISTAN  BHEJANA PADEGA .
Modi please do something!
Our farmers should be go and stand with new farming rules 
Modi is a politician at the end of day. He thought of doing something in his capacity for the farmers and vast majority were happy with it. But if a vocal minority of rich powerful vested interest group with strong PR is denting his image worldwide why would he care about farmers?  But when the silent majority actually realize what they lost, it will be too late. They missed a golden opportunity. If they are so naive to comprehend who their friend is and who is their foe, they are better off being left to their fate. Modi will find a way to win election but the farmers will never find a solution for their problems.
Farmers or terrorists?
Why only Punjab Farmer, every indian must join the peaceful protest, Please support our farmers.
Farmers protesting for past 6 MONTHS 
So the farmers apprehensions are genuine.
Modi. Jee. Har. Hee. Nhe. Skta. Hai. Jayhind
These are no farmers. They are the same middlemen who has caused farmer poverty in the first place. These middle men are politically motivated and must be crushed at all costs.
We all are with Farmers who protest on Delhi Border Jay Jawan Jay Kishan
Modi ji were also calling kishan khalistani,  terrorist. Anti national,  even killed the farmer,  you can not believe this govt
Farmers should not forget that they were called Khalistani and terrorist.
Modi is a gift for Pakistan, he will destroy India with his own hands
UP farmers are also protesting
We are with farmers..
Modi & Amit Saha are servants of Industrialists of Gujrat. They together planned and create andh bhakts to come to power in 2014. Because Congress Government is  common man's Govt., Industrialists didn't get support from cong. Govt and planted two chappus (Modi & Saha), who knows nothing about running govt, to support them. Ye ek Gujarati Adda banarakha he.
Modi/Sha played every dirty trick in the book to dismantle farmers protests, but they failed to realise that they are fighting farmers not politicians...kudos to farmers they have shown the way forward...
Repeal the law, simple as that. That's all they've ever asked.
RAKESH  TIKAT  JINDABADD
Ravish bhai excellent
We support Kisan andolan
Farmers and  there next generation will always remember & thanks lallantop for this documentary .
Punjab has one of the most fertile lands in the entire world . It's not only ambani or adani but European  big agribusiness companies BASF YARA BAYER  that's why world's largest protest don't get much of international media coverage
Is the only Rakesh Tikait good advice for anymore poltician party good deals in the nowadays. Ourselves know, that Rakesh Tikait is good not knowing any knowledge good handler for country. 
Farmers should get Free education that's it. 
Rakesh tikait and khalistani are now unemployed........ 
We are with you Farmers of India
If the farmers don't want it why u r trying to impose tht laws on them  thy know what is good for them
I support Indian farmers 
Farmers do have their own interests, and we want them to have and demand for that.
Why are farmers from only punjab and haryana protesting not from other regions??
Modi should pay Tribute to The Shaheed farmers and apologize instead of still trying to prove that he was Rite.
Farmers power
Punjab and Haryana have very good market system for farmers thats why farmers have better income compare to rest of the country.  Indian farmers allowed to sell their produce anywhere in India from many years. Owner of 5 acres in Bihar works as labourer in Punjab. Why ??  Cuz open market system exploits the poor farmers in Bihar and other parts of the country.    Second  law allows unlimited stocking privilege to big corporations  so they can control the price  so farmers also fighting for middle and poor class of the society. Contract farming is already failed in Punjab.
Farmers are the life blood of the nation.....we all support your demands....go ahed for the right cause...
I support Farmers 
Is it modi talking direct support from tv
Farmers 
 farmers were protesting against a meeting of the BJP over the upcoming municipal polls chaired by Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar
Farmers lost, opposition won
I am with farmers. They are absolutely right and sensible. Look at that arrogant policeman and want to declare its riots created by farmers. It is sheer politics.
Farmers' Day is an annual observance in various countries to celebrate the national contributions of farmers and agriculturers. In India it is observed on December 23
farmers are better than congress  in terms of opposition to government
Farmers are not fools holding ground in such cold for 2 months...where BJP politicians sleep in their AC offices.
If farmers requests to #RejectFarmBills are not heard then remember Kisan Se Desh hai aur Desh se Kisan hai  When injustice is in a nation then public anger rises to throw off the Tyrant like #chineseChaukidar
Farmers have become new Kashmiris.
We Support Farmers & people like you as well we need the politicians more like you
Farmers 
I support kisan andolan but I also support government on caa and nrc
These farmers have stood up to heartless neoliberal capitalism and won!
I SUPPORT FAM BILLS
The farmers should stand up nd speak the goverment dont want to do things the nice way repeal those laws nd end of the story why is the gov so stubborn
Such terrorist minds shud be banned from India
 When modi was learning to ride bicycle, india had already started manufacturing aeroplanes and helicopters.
Modi is in Lucknow, quite oblivious to the horror he has created.
Modi degraded PM postion of India
Modi has dug his own grave. Comment by Governor Malik of Meghalaya has been taken serious. Bad to see country suffer due to politicians.
Why farmers are only from Punjab,Haryana &  western part of UP ???
These are khalistan sympathizers attempting to take advantage of the situation
Are Modi ki pari milk mai or fruits vegetables and crops mai difference h example to sahi lati
Farmers lives matter.The 159 Indian farmers who died in protest against the anti-farmers bill paid a silent tribute.
Punjab and haryana are the least productive state and they use both alarming amount of water
Modi is doing bad by selling his farmers to big companies. Privatisation of crops is not a good policy until the governments assist their farmers financially. His God might not forgive him. I request my countrys government to stop helping India until they cancel the black bill.
Q: Why farmers are not accepting farms acts with changes
Farmers will win. Modi's hatred will loose 
Rakesh Ticket"  per "KANUNI"   Kaarvayi,     ho,
Will these farmers vote for you now,BJP,modi?Ask them.
farmers is best
TIKAIT a great Gangster must be kept behind bars. Punishment to tikait must not be delayed.
Modi govt. is trying to unite and strengthen the country through his reforms. In All 29 states there should be one law, one tax . that 's why he bring GST ( cutting all other taxes and making one) revoked 370 article of kashmir, one rank pension for all soldiers, one single gas pipeline, one ration card, one entrance exam....
Modi is great leader !!!
No farmers no food
Farmers.. Protest.. 
Farmers deserve to make a living. Dont let the rich take everything like they have in America. Big business put the little farmers out of their land. Bought them up.
Ravish Kumar you are the best God bless you
Modi government is anti farmers ,because before this policy farmers get the prize of maize 1600 per quintal but now  due to this policy farmers are getting prize maize  500 rs per quintal ,now think farmers gave 400 RS to the labour and fuel consumption is 500 RS now calculate the numbers farmers expenses are 900 RS ,but they are getting 500 . I'm very unlucky because I born in India where the future of farmers is zero . Hope I born in other countries where the future of farmers is bright . Jai kisan ,
I support farmers, people are now believing that farmers are being paid by the higher parties of India and Canada. One question for those people who believe this, if this is so then why didn't our PM Narendra Modi care to go to talk to them and to hear what they wanted, why wasn't a press conference held in a situation like this. Because our PM is an utter failure and he won't be able to face any of the question of the media.
Farmers who defeat our slave mind Pm )
Farmers are the backbone of India. Protect them .
Farmers should be educated...
Tikait is a fool who is an agent of political parties...he does not even knw a word of what is written in the so called anti farmer laws...
Farmers 
Farmers in delhi are lions of india do not back down stand ur ground
Support Northern alliance 
How can I support farmers protest pls give your suggestions
We support farmers...
Farmers - MSP can't by guaranteed. Guaranteeing MSP means the money goes from taxpayers or Corporates pockets without any quality evaluation. A MSP range per year can be proposed based on estimated demand by Govt. (Govt.and Corporate can use data analytics and set MSP range based on historical and projected demands and make the process transparent and visible) but Kisan cannot go to court when MSP is not within the range. And no guarantee. Nobody knows accurate regional demand in advance.
I'm with Farmers 
Modi will not listen to these people.. He has more important things to do. They are anti Modi. Anti national
i support kissan andolan but not road blocks, yesterday i saw live death at toll plaza a patient of heart attack. I was very sad moment.
Rakesh Tikait more popular and useful than Modi for our Democracy. He is so cool in the interview, whereas Modi is damn scared of Interview. Only His Mann ki baat whether anybody listens or not. What a democracy under Modi
Farmers were given permission to conduct tractor parade on republic day and on contrary police blocked the entrance of rally, farmers removed the block. This cannot be called as violent protest, this is resistance. Police provoked farmers intentionally by blocking their entrance.
No Farmers are involved in these road blocks and illegal agitations.Tikaet is getting funds from Khalistani supporters from abroad. Congress   party is fully behind hese illegal irresponsible  meaningless agitations by goons who just plan to block India's developments which are very rapid and remarkable  under Modi Government.
We support farmers proudly
Farmers have never asked for such a bill
Support farmers...Go back Modi
Farmers are fighting for Country
Modi government needs this kind of protest because they ignore Farmers. Ab sab chhanga lag raha hai mujhe. Jai Hind Jai kisan
If farmers stop farming there will food emergency just like in Sri Lanka .V.Bad adminstration by BJP.
I am from punjab i've seen my relatives working day and night
Farmers 
Modi is responsible for all this mess
Ravish  sir  very good
Farmers's grievance is still one of burning issue which needs quick redrressal.
Modi's Covid distraction is over, so no need for farm laws.
Farmers should come to court..,.they live with facilittle staying and obstructing public adamantly....bad courts...this kind of protest if followed then Delhi be always see these
I support farmers first but after they put khalisthan flag in red fort with our national flag, i just hate them..
We support the Farmers!
We support Famer
Farmers are so innocent  they can't understand but the politicians are using them 
Punjab used to grow everything too but it was the center that asked Punjab to grow more wheat for green revolution
Haryana police can try cordon off the the blocked road area and stop supplies like food and others. This will force protesters to desert  the agitation slowly.
Haryana farmers must protest against this Modi Government.. TAMILNADU will always support honest Haryana farmers to uphold truth and justice. At the same time Haryana farmers must take care of themselves against covid pandemic.
Punjab will burn like wat happen b4 operation blue star..I dunno think we have officer like KPS gill
Farmers of Punjab, haryana are also rich and pay zero tax
Rakesh Tikaitji  put down your cap. Be ready to go to the jail forever .
Farmers are protesting against this bills for last 2 months but GODI MEDIA didn't cover this
Modi hataoo Desh bchaooo byai to the
Farmers should stop producing agriculture products ,,india will thrive and then government will realise .
I support Farmers Not government
I am with the farmers in spirit.  When I see their faces my heart goes out to them. And truly this is about more even than the farmers.  Farmers are the backbone of any country. We need to make a stand for the common people.  The suffering of our Brothers is not separate from us. God Bless them and God Bless us All.  May we all prosper and have a right to live our lives with dignity. The lock downs are not achieving anything but creating great suffering and poverty.
I support Farmers 
Now the farmers bill must be implemented.. This incident proves that government is not wrong. The so called farmers doing it for their own dignity not for all Indians.
I support the protest
Modi reform was required as they system was creating debt for the farmers.
Rakesh Tikait is a seasoned politician and may soon emerge as the Chief of the All India Kissan party that may topple the corrupt Politicians who only survive on the british policy of "Divide Hindus /Muslims/Sikhs/Christians and Rule"! 
Modi HAS shown his true colors and His DAYS are numbered.  No food should be served to all BJP people for as long as they will not repeal the laws! Let's see the impact on them!
Modi needs us now.............please control your emotions
Ravish, take a big break...
repeal law farms. 
The farmers need their voices to be heard and if they were doing peaceful protest it wouldnt get media coverage to be honest
Tikait is so cunning and ganwar man that he is shining and.politisizinng the matter to win election. Nothing factual content or reply he.has.
Modi should sell tea again, it's cold and I like tea.
Support farmers shame on you Indian government
Only Punjab, Haryana and western UP have MSP thats the reason they are protesting. 
Modi should have  barricaded and water and electricity supply stopped long back
Now Tikait should say sorry for the death of 700 farmers on whose dead body he has gained his political mileage.
Farmers can not go to courts. They will go to SDM and DC.
Now ,farmers have a responsibility of not betraying those common people who have supported them by not voting for BJP.
Support  for Kiwan's (Farmer  )
For those who support farm laws blindly read above lines. Bihar had already removed APMC Mandi long time ago and see the difference between Bihar and Punjab. 
I support the laws and the protest are wrong.
Those who support/oppose  these bills plz give your review. (In short)
Rakesh tiket chor hai
Are all farmers in india sikh??
While the farmers fears are legit, why fear about something that hasn't happened yet? How do they know for certain that the pvt companies will exploit them when the bill hasn't even been put to practice 
Farmers have won. But what about the people who has lost their livelihood because of these farmers protest at boarder
Farmers are first priority over anything #shame on Government & #Police
Farmers 
What farmers? Why are you still calling them farmers? This is a anti farmer movement...calling these people farmers is insulting real farmers
I AM WITH YOU ALL FARMERS.
Support from Andhra Pradesh 
If Modi govt likes farmers so much our Amarvathi farmers are protesting for the past 2 years, why did repeal the good farm bills, just for Punjab elections?  Modi bent his head for the first time.
MODI IS GREAT LIDER
So if farmers sell directly to traders , how does it gonna exploit them ?? Cutting out mandis and middle man's profit , farmers can get there true value of products and not the recession by mandis .
Ravish ji we slute your courage and journalism.
Tikait is absolutely right
Modi gov taking same approach as JP and untimely it will fall big time.
WE SUPPORT OUR PM..LONG LIVE INDIA..
Farmers are the backbone of the country , keep going and no one can stop you for your rights , the three farm laws of modi and bjp should be repeals , otherwise protesting will be never end, even after the death of modi ,another Bhagat Singh will arise from Punjab , to repeals the farm laws of modi .
Farmers are the backbone of India and now it's time show solidarity for them.
The farmers pelted stones on car and everybody inside the car was beaten to death by this peaceful protestors just because the people inside belongs to BJP....Shame
Punjab lies with you
Farmers should be a little sensitive about what is happening in the rest of the country. Sirf aap log nahi desh chala rhe...
Rakesh Tikait says so simply and straightforward about the situation
No farmers no food 
Farmers would get abundance of opportunity
Ravish Kumar, in fact, you are claiming the right to journalism
Those farmers who want those 3 Bill's should start protest now. 
Modi will not ban talibaan, he will ban pdfi, sdpi and amim too
Farmers should not be poor. They feed us. Without them we will starve.
The farmers should have carry some JCB
Support farmers. Somebody has to fight this fascist government.
Farmers hai toh food hai, food hai toh desh hai
Farmers 
Farmers has to pay.
Farmers are only protesting because the "feel" msp gonna end..??
If farmers are not happy, change laws as per their will
With farmers ..
From all the farmers a big thank uh to show truth to everyone
Support the poor and peaceful Indian famers 100%!!!!!!!
Punjab has started the revolution against this oppressive government.
Were with you Ravish kumar
The farmers must now wait for its formal withdrawal and inclusion of MSP as per Swaminathan Committee guidelines which take into account the inputs of the farmer like his labour etc should be included as law. 
We support kisan andolan
This modi governernment seated its own men on almost every big position. 
Modi govt is wise to repeal the farm laws... But it was foolish to have enacted it in the first place...
if they are farmers then they can do a negotiate with the government to finish the protest.
We support farmers protest
Ravish ji hope your problem sorts out soon...please don't let your confidence and patience be let down...
I support the farmers
We support farmers,
Farmers even served meals for the very departments that hurt them like the police shown in video pelting stones . What more can be self less than this . If such situation happened to be in one of the delevoped nation with developed mindset and vision , such act would have made the head of the state bow down in humbleness.
Modi is actually clever. He take topics which are sensitive or important. But the things proposed in the new bill or amendment are disaster.
Punjab has the highest average farming household income in the country at Rs 2,16,708 per year. While Bihar has the lowest at Rs 42,684 per year. 
Farmers deal in favourite concerns of need    kamaal
Rakesh ticket or Bajat specialist.
Farmers issue has gone too long  and  Congress and other parties taking mileage out of it , as a farmer myself   And n kernels we prefer  option  to sell out products where ever we want,  I think middle man sponsoring the agitation.
Farmers have every right to protest, but they should keep it symbolic with less people and follow the protocols.  This way the struggle also can be sustained until success.  They have shown how they count in WB elections.
Modi wants Bharat to be a Hindu Estate: So let it be. Let Khalistan come into being, let Kashmir come into being , let Asam come into being; and let Nagaland come into being: What is left over is Modi's Hindu Veresh: Enjoy. What is the problem with that. Modi is a Pakistani Agent: He has more sympathy with the late mother of Nawaz Sharif than those 140 Farmers died because of the severe weather sitting in the Andolan. Shame of this type of treatment. Farmers are Andata, they are not Atanwad: But Modi has treated them as terrorist. Modi must be removed from the power and must be trialed to get a sentence of death or let Bharat be divided into 5 parts. That is the end of this RSS Terrorist hijacked Bharat and created a situation of hatred and marginalization: against the policies of Nahro, and Ghandi. This is the start of the movement of Khalistan. Now it is out of control. Jai Kisan; Jai Jawan: Jai Khalistan: is what I have been hearing from the participents of this rally.
Tikait sahab EWS reservation mein age relaxation,scholarships ka issue uthaiye
Modi is the new or even worse Trump
Modi u will pay for dis poor farmer so sad fr dem
Farmers have right to protest. Please give them passage to go.
I support Sikh farmers from Indian occupied kashmir
Modi is very bad the formers fight their rights one and off year 
Haryana government madrch***
Modi ki bjah s bache kitne samajdar ho gye, congress k raaj m kanche khelte the bacche
No Farmers No Food No Lives
Rakesh takit ki property- 80core he 
Modi         .... Such a shame!!
Rakesh Tikait says so simply and straightforward
Modi is weakness because I want to power for law.
farmers are of father of national ......
Support to farmers .
Farmers should stick together for their rights dont give up 
Terrorist organisations has no fixed policy. They must change at any moment. We must support Afghan govt
Support our farmers the pain they are ongoing are not expressable
Modi mess with wrong state I think he forget history
We support farmers rally for their democratic rights.
Modi work for reliance and Ambani and our farmer work  to feed people's ...and  nobody can't  defeat them ...
Farmers and soldiers are our back bone very important. We have to support both.
Support the indian farmers! 
Modi government let Anti Nationals win .
Support to farmers
I support farmers  but not only in India but also in  whole region
Farmers are backbone of India .
Punjab and Haryana farmers got succeeded in their agenda, now the farmers from other state can't compete with them and became as much rich as they are, because of just 2-3 states now whole india is suffering.
Repeal of these bills is good but I think CAA & Article 370 is necessary for our country.
BHAI RAKESH NE TO APANI GOBHI KHUDWANI H YOGI SE, ISNE BHAGNE KI JAGAH NA PAVA INDIA M TO.
Farmers are fighting for every ordinary Indian citizens. The whole country should be supporting them.
support from nepal
Farmers: We r the Nation. We are the strongest and we r those who made u  PM . So Mind it
I support farmers... ... In this case... Y coz..... Y don't this police stop the farmers to enter into the gates of redfort... Don't they have the strength to stop them... Then what they have
Farmers died and cars were burnt. What is more important? Human lives or car ?
Farmers ke sath galat ho rha hai
Ravish kumar is the best Anchor...
I support Indian farmers
Farmers   or
If farmers decide to stop cultivation.... What to doo
Up and punjab people don't forget people how loz thair life for u don't wot bjp again moodi is more clack then lombri ya Bjp no good for indin people believe me...
Modi's decision on reversal of 3-kissans laws is taken while keeping in view of security of India. Modi ji would never compromise with nation nor for winning election in UP or in Punjab or elsewhere. There is deeper secret underneath which he could not disclose for security reason. India is in danger from internal enemy within. Please keep your support or faith in him as welfare of citizens & security of nation is first for nationalist, selfless, hardworking karam-yogi PM Modi...jai hind...Jai Bharat.. .
Our farmers feeding to our nation
Farmers are getting fatter and fatter and richer and richer.
Modi and cabinets ministers wanted more shares from those working hard decent living Indian farmers! Shame!
Our Farmers need help so please Support them
Support from Kerala
We support Farm Bills ,which is important for nation 
Modi should negotiate with the farmers, bad handling. When you disturb their livelihood, people tend to be angry...
Support farmers need justice for farmers
This farmers protest was going way to far not looking like farmers protest but as dehli riots or Shaheen bagh
why farmers are not telling bads in the bill..and just wanted to took back it
Yeah farmers watch parliamentary debates. They follow the political procedure and have knowledge of law making process.
Farmers also killed drivers , that is not in the news
If farmers are in trouble then so are me and you
Modi is doing everything for two corporates....he is selling shamelessly Each Govt and national sector to them. ...he is not a brave rather a puppet in the hand of some corporates..  
Modi is himself gandhi2.0.he is not just admirer of gandhi but also follow in his foot step like hidden msl appeasement by spending rs25000cr on shantidoots, 37%  share of msl in free housing scheme etc.
Modi has destroyed India.. a tea man can't know wt is farming..
We support the farmers protests
I support to this police officer.
Farmers' rights should be the top priority of the government. But are the real farmers aware about the benefits of the new Farmers' Law  or they are just carried away the propaganda of people with self interest ?
All farmers dues should be cleared in 2 weeks. this will boost the economy.
Farmers have done what opposition couldn't do these many years! Hats off!
If the Farmers decided to stay poor, Let them be.. Who cares?? Let the status quo get maintained and people like Rakesh Tikait enjoy luxurious life 
Farmers are backbone of the Indian economy
The farmers modified their tractors to use it as weapon! 'Patriotic' 'poor' 'farmers'...!
Modi is YOGI super power full hero up mein per Yogi Adityanat Cm hi bane ge Jai Shree Ram 
Support farmers #ourfarmers #ourindianfarmers
I support my country farmers who provide food to us and stand with them in their protest.
Farmers ensured country doesn't die of hunger..nehi toh jis rate se keemat bar rhi hai cizo ka Maggie v 80rs hota,tea v 50rs hota
Modi government is treating Farmer as terrorist
Farmers are for their right.  ...
Farmers have lost their growth potential
I support the farmers' protests. May God bless these farmers.
I support the bill  from west Bengel farmar
I am with  farmers
rakesh dakait took money from canada, china and pakistan..uske khilaaf kai saari FIR darj honi chahiye ..declare shoot at sight of these modern day terrorists 
*Farmers want high prices (producers)*
We are farmers 
Modi planing for UP election.
These farmers attacked police by cutting their hand
I support the farm bills 
the farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab and Haryana  there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers.  in Punjab and Haryana, the farmers are not only from from jatt caste or sikhs, there are also pundits, Brahmins , and dogar farmers in Punjab.  Farmers feed the nation.Big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Ebany,  Adnany , these big companies are  controlling Modi. These bills are designed to   make  each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmer will have no option to sell to another buyer due to lack of logistics and lack  resources , and  the big companies have the logistics and they  will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and  export to other countries. This  will cause  food shortage in India,because big companies will  able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the  business tycoons, and big companies. The GTS is hurting the small shops, small factories, Modi needs to be removed from his throne...
Farmers should feel ashamed after doing this kind of act
We're with farmers
Rakesh tikait a real problems solving leader
Haryana Zindabad. National integration ho raha hai.this is our true Hindustan.
Farmers are fighting for us
But farmers are NATIONALIST 
The farmers already have choices to sell thier goods to whomever they want... Only thing is that corporates wanted some legal documentation for them.. Thats why Modi government didn't even consult the farmers.. Only consulted corporations... Don't share this video....  Misleading..
" Why Only Punjab+Haryana and UP farmers were vocal against the laws, while other major state farmers were unaffected? "
Farmers should resist this law.
Tikait chor h or kishan Aandolan
So these all farmers and people are stupid? Who are protesting.
There  are farmers who are old age ths is not the way to throw water on them
Rakesh Tikait zindabad. Jai jawan jai kisan. This anchors is trying his best to please his masters. Chatukaar pattalkaar.
Modi version of jalian walabath
We Support You Farmers#Love From Kashmir 
Farmers have right to protest... Sing is King....support from Kerala.... Jai javan jai kisan.....
Farmers proves they beat goverment . Win new Delhi.... Rise there falg on new Delhi.. Wait soon sikh makes there own country khalistan
Farmers are working on fields ye dalle hain sb
Those who support Taliban should be sent to Afghanistan 
Kya rakesh ticket nahi lagata just waiting their time.  Take other option
Tikait is unreliable and often makes casual statements without giving due thought.  It is important for you to reduce his coverage.
Modi is the true hero of India , he has awakened whole India with his circus govt...now public is more aware of the govt and it's dirty ways! Modi ji ur the true hero
*TIKAIT DALAL IS JOBLESS NOW*
We farmers from South India are extremely happy by the decision of the government..
Farmers are right..
Modi: Hold my lassi
Farmers cannot do it, political party are non violent therefore today it was proved that it's Khalistan and anti-national rally
Khalistan is only solution.
Modi: abb underground hone ka time aa gya... Matlab hadh fail foreign policy
Farmers have better knowledge of what's right and wrong for them.... Bjp Government needs to stop forcing laws up their throat... Bjp is just a political party today in Power tomorrow Won't be... you don't own the Farmers bjp
Now the farmers will again be fooled..will vote again for this jumlababa and then will again suffer after elections.god save the farmers
Farmers with their hard work helped in lifting poverty and malnutrition ,they have to be given justice and not treated in such inhuman way ,as some are seniors citizens who have still not retired, from working
I am with the farmers
Haryana Govt must fall, after that all Govt which are anti farmer should fall
Ravish 
We support farmers and all farmig leaders,,,, x
Ravish sir apko sunta hoon magar problem ye ha k ap bhot tough hindi boltay hain jo mojay theek se samjh ni ati
Rakesh thikait great speech.
Farmers are very productive members  (More than 50% Indian population) of the country.
Farmers with land would jointly with those knowing all about world agriculture in my opinion would be able to fetch more
Both farmers and consumers will have to suffer under these farm laws
I Support Free Market, End The Big Government
We support farmers. But not Voilence. But still full support to brothers. Im from Haryana. We were there. Not in chaos. In peaceful rally.
Farmers  after laws repeals 
Khalistan is only solution,nothing will come out of protests
Its only Punjab which is protesting why cause its all Khalistan movement Nd the middlemen who are making good money Nd not paying taxes he wants Punjab Nd Muslim votes votes
Farmers should hit back
Khalistan guys why involving
Support khalistan from nepal
Modi was winning some elections even when the Farm Bills were in existence. Therefore wrong to say Modi backed out because of elections.
MODI hve time to visit Kalkota, b. Coz of Election, MODI don't hve time to see Farmer now MODI hve to face this
Farmers are right..There is nothing  wrong in their protest turning  violent..
Who is here after Modi repealed Farmer Law ?
Ab to ravish ji say hi ummed hai ki wo poora sach dikhayein
No farmers no food
Can farmers protest without income for so long? Who is funding for them?
Tikait saheb, please co-operate with bjp for big win.
Modi should leave n pave way for Yogi
Farmers need justice 
Modi shame on u
Farmers are not accepting the act. Why the rulers are insisting ??
With farmers
Modi has said consultations have failed to convince the agitating farmers. Consultations should have been done before the laws were passed and by debating in parliament. Not by rushing the laws within minutes where nobody has clarity on the laws.
Rally was for farmers so the decisions should also be taken by them only . U eat something that is just grown by farmers if someone catches a piece of chapati from ur hand then what will be your reaction .the same is done with farmers by the government
Farmers from other states have never fought for their rights and thus MSP was never given to them in first place.Now that we are doing that,you are calling us anti nationalists.Secondly,we do have intelligentsia we are not fools that we cannot see the bigger picture.Just because the flaws of this bill do not affect you ,you are ignorant.This is real selfishness.
Modi is  good  actor  in Indian film industry ,,,   ,who says Modi can't change and play the roll,, Modi's acting killed a lot of people that"s why he become a , I want to present him Padmashree, cool
Now farmers and police both suffering
If farmers don't want these laws then y are you implementing these laws???
Modi and bjp trying the best to not happen a national debate on this issue. 
Farmers broke the pact, farmers also insulted to police personel and again Storm the Red Fort ...... time to arrest all the violence supporters
Rakesh  ji is very respected Kisan Leader
MODI JI APKI HAMESA JAI HO 
The farmers laws are a great way to reform the agricultural sector but it lacks risk mitigation/safety net for the farmers.
It's about farmers please make video in farmer's language. Don't be like govt.who give English advertisement . @Newslaundry
farmers with weapons?????
Then only modi will withdraw the bills
modi what goes around comes around...even Putin couldn't escape his fate.
Punjab me 2022 me election hai 
Rakesh Dacoit and his goons need to be taught a lesson
If modi is so confident of farmer profit 
Modi ji is not a dictator as someone has told here but people of India need to understand that this country has be sold out for 70 years , today it needs to be governed by an able leadership & that is modi ji
Tikait has tasted blood. Squatting at borders will be permanent and Tikait wants to become CM of U.P.
Farmers Angels ,corporates Devil's.
The farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab and Haryana there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers just like rest of states in india.  and the farmers are not only from jaat or jat  caste or farmer are from all castes,, there are  pundits, Brahmins , and Dogar , Jats, and Jaat  farmers. These  Farmers feed the nation, big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Abany, Adnany . These big companies are controlling Modi. These bills are designed to make each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmers will have no option to sell to another buyer due to logistics and resources , and the big companies have the logistics and they will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and export to other countries. This will cause food shortage in India,because big companies will be able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the business tycoons, and big companies. The GST is hurting the small shops, small factories, and Modi needs to be removed from his throne. 75% of india is farmers, and 80% of those are small farms with 2 or 3 acres.
Our farmers are facing inconvenience sitting on roads for last few months in such cold , rain with their kids  and people who are eating at their homes still criticising them, shame on such rubbish people
Modi feel the after shock of 2020 referendum 
Rakesh Tikaitji is so careful, precise, mature and to the point in his responses. It is heartening to see a good and balanced head, and not spouting whatever comes to mind.
Haryana and Punjab are the states that produce highest number of Armymen and farmers. Gujrati chors are mistaken to take them lightly.
Rubbish statement from Minister 
Farmers won after many sacrifice with cruel govt
This is Punjab farmers isue not Indian farmers isue. Free punjab.
Modi is great!
Modi resign power to the people.
Q - why are the farmers protesting ?
Now those farmers who are in support of this three Law should come out in street in protest of Modiji's decision.
I support farmers with my heart and soul..........Please everyone understand problems of farmers and give support them in this fight against the rude/impolite behavior against our FOOD PRODUCERS.......
Modi government will and should be brought down
I support farmers fighting for their rights , but now it's no longer farmers movement, 
Tikait was correct about fir
Farmers are graveyard for BJP, that is why they are trying every possible way to dipress their voice. Get ready to face the heat!
Modi works for the welfare of the farmers.
Punjab farmers has save india from acute hunger and now it is time for entire India take a stand for India farmers.
Khalistan unchained
Farmers asking to completely repeal the 3 farm laws despite the Govt. agreeing to most of their objections is making  this entire protests as politically motivated. The farmers behaviour is making them as part of the problem now and not them as part of the solution.
I support farmers I stand with farmers
What about farmers protest?   U beat them up so badly..you forgot about that   ?  Answer indo patel's.
Farmers don't even know what's going to be the selling price. They just assumed it will be lower than msp and went on protest.
The farmers won.
Why Punjab n Haryana farmers r only enjoying this facility from last 50 years.
We support farmers 
Punjab soil fertility has decreased highly bcoz of rich n wheat cropping systems n decreasing  groundwater level. They used 5times more fertilizer than our Odisha farmer bcoz of our rice pulses cropping system and organic fertilizer.
To support the Indian people in their struggle for freedom, and corruption in India will make the common people more and more miserable. Fetch
Is that Khalistan Flag?
Modi hataao Pakistan and China wants too, why do u think they r worried if Modi is there ? What puts them at discomfort if 370 is abrogated.?
No farmers,  no food , starve. Simple.
Support to farmers.  salute!!
Modi lost his game.
Our Farmers will decide whats good or bad for them.
The FARMERS R OUR SOUL they give us LIFE n they're like GOD n we have to full support to them....
Support frm Malaysia
We are with Rakesh tikait ji
Farmers unity zindabad.all opposite party.leaders zindabad
Ravish kumar ji you are very near and dear to our heart's.
The farmers have the right to use the vote politics  card to get their legitimate demands met by the deaf regime of Modi-Yogi-cronies. The government has used every dirty trick to malign, weaken, scare and harm the farmers. Vote politics is the only appropriate tool left for the farmers to use. It is democratic, it is legal, it is non violent- acceptable in all Democratic countries.   So they have to take that route.  The media should not question or blame them. This is different than entering Politics or contesting elections.
I support farmers.
Farmers were right
Punjab and up elections are the reason. 
Modi must have lost his mental balance. Primary stage of Parkinson can not be ruled out. His team of Doctors might have detected it but afraid of speaking. Similar things happened to Hitler too.
Ravish and Sandeep real super hero
i support the farmers because govt violated the principles of " parliamentary form of govt"..without discussing the bills with all stakeholders including oppositions and farm leaders...and passed these bills with "voice votes". and i am farmer from baghpat(UP)..mahri ganno(sugarcane)  ki payment nai milti 1 saal tak..ar rate 3 saal te 325/quintal hi h aaj lo despite inflation rate is very high including raw materials. just implement the recommendations of Swaminathan report. Atleast dont labell us terrorists, tukde tukde etc..please...just do live  debate with us..jai hind jai jawan jai kisan
I support farmers, 
Ravish ji very good hunan being
Farmers don't know how to produce effective
AAJ TIKAIT AUR UNKE SAATHI
I support Farm Bills. I support *free market capitalism* .
In punjab MSP is given on wheat and paddy only.
modi thanks for putting india on right track
Modi forced to.take a retrograde step.
I support farmers and also aap
Rakesh takait and yoginder Yadav are behaving like Kapil Sharma comedy show even at this time and is behaving like ...........whom
Only farmers can unite us again..irrespective of religion...
*Modi cuts the root, does not cut the branches.*
"Modi Government has been wise in cutting their losses and retreat", OMG the completely unnecessary CAA crap that Modi threw on this nation ended with Delhi Burning. What was very wise about that retreat? The Print has lost its mind because of the repeal of the farm laws.
Farmers only present in punjab
This Modi Govt don't care two hoots about any farmer issues
Farmers have to be treated good. Without them, there will be a food crisis and many more issues.. This is unacceptable. Shameless politicians.
I am with farmers.
We support farmers always , if really worked for former,government spend money on Research &development  ,there health &Education .
Modi follows trump, so it's just a common thing. Why don't they take action to do some favor to the farmers. Uneducated leader.
farmers are not agreeing for MSP cofirmation which govt agreed
They are farmers not terrorist..
Now farmers of India  will be able contribute % in GDP
Farmers suicide is high among farmers those produces  crops that are not covered by MSP. This facts is good enough to understand why India failed its farmers in South India. Bill essentially said that now onwards state will have sole responsibility to protect their farmers with a parallel system of procurement of crops when market price falls down. States such as West Bengal is doing it for quite some time and by passing FCI procurement systems to supply food to other states such a Tamil Nadu or Kerala. Food deficient states will have to have forward trade agreement with food surplus states in order to establish a new equilibrium in crops supply. In other words central government has minimised its responsibility for procurement and redistribution of food in India.
Farmers of india unfurling the tricolour and hoisting khalsa flag if this is farmer's protest how is it even Communal
I support the farmers of India and no to corporations..There must be a new govt for the people
Farmers are backbone of country
Being from farmers background and currently a practicing lawyer, I can definitely say that these farm bills have the power to revolutionize the entire farming industry. It will definitely be helpful in advancing the farming industry. We should have open mindset towards these bills.
MODI JI DOING GOOD. IF THESE PROTESTORS HAD FAITH ON USELESS CONGRESS FOR 70 YEARS THEN WHY CAN'T THEY HAVE FAITH ON MODI JI. MY QUESTION IS WHY MAJORITY OF FARMER UNIONS FROM DIFFERENT PARTS OF COUNTRY HAVE AGREED. ARE NOT THEY FARMERS??????  BEFORE BLAMING ANY ONE " BE THE CHANGE THAT U WANT TO SEE AROUND U.JAI SHREE RAM, VANDE MATARAM
MODI in power everything is possible, Gujarat riots are never forgettable.
Farmers defeated religion politics let us see when we others can do it or impossible for us, try your best.... 
Farmers don't need our sympathy . They need our respect & we owe them that respect :- Maharshi actor Mahesh babu
Are farmers protesting new bills because of MSP not included?
Farmers protests is very important in India because the new agriculture laws against former to lot of suffering.the new agriculture laws benefited to the corporate
Up and haryana both are not buying rice at msp.
Haryana and east punjabi people beautiful.
Farmers will be crushed. This government is too powerful. Farmers should tread carefully. I suggest to go back home.
Farmers are protesting from long time and govt is not listening to them. Govt should take back these laws
I support this Bill 
Only with farmers .... Govts comes and goes farmers don't...
Farmers do not.. Handicapped Punjabis do not get even a single paisa 
Ravish Sir.....we proud of you.....
Who's here after modi repeal the laws?
Ye farmers ke liye bhut bdi Jeet hai aur bhut acha hua .
all the Modi supporters are super happy with your video SG. I think it will be good if you get a very competent journalist like P sainath who has been reporting agrarian crisis for decades and you both have a live conversation in YouTube. It will bring both sides of the protest together rather than monologues on one aspect by either side
Modi ji is doing a great job for the country.
Farmers will never forgive MODI for centuries for what he did to them in the last one year.
Farmers tight slap to police.
I am with farmers But whatever happened today, it was shameful. Those who are behind this incident should be punished
Modi has made a disastrous decision. We have to get modi out of power in 2024. Unless vote politics will ruin the nation. Vote wisely in 2024
Farmers should get msp law passed..dis is the right time..modi will listen before election , not after election...
I support farming these pictures cnt give judgement to whole protest tum 2crore se zuyada kisan ko bura nhi bol sakte
The farmers as very intelligent when it comes to their interests and voting. Time will prove it again. The states where these these laws get implemented will flourish
Modi ji aap kuch bhi kar lo a drama up election Tak chale ga . Agar kisan chahta to  3 din me kanun bapas ho jata .if farmers stop food chain supply. This film is making by Congress till up election
Farmers, for the time being cultivate for you and your family only.
Farmers or middleman?? These Mofos are middleman who earns million just by doing nothing 
Farmers i thought they were Khalisthane
Rakesh ji ,My Brother Farmer community get together United Again & now students Also need a Leader like you to fight for their rights 
Modi ji swore on being truthful when he said he is repealing the farm laws for national interest. By national interest he obviously means national security. Now, if he really was being truthful then he will be consistent with the "national security" reason, won't he? National security threat emanated or originated or was focused or was spreading from the protests. Therefore the first sign of the threat disappearing has to be complete call-off of the protests, hasn't it? Now, if the protestors do not call-off and continue the protest making other demands before calling off it will mean that the national security threat will not disappear. At that moment Modi ji has to come back to announce that "since the objective of repealing the laws was not met I do not feel the laws should be repealed, and I reverse the decision to repeal. We will proceed as per SC committee report and further hearing". 
I will support you 
Modi God of the India
TIKAIT SIR SHOULD BE THE NEW LEADER...
Our Farmers has missed the take off. 
Farmers are right.
Than you for support farmer
Farmers unite all over India and give a befitting response to the oppressors
We support our kissan brothers ...
No farmers no foods
Repeal or written guarantee but no response ,make this agiation in farmers...... Jai kissan Jai javaan
I support farmers as a delhite
Repeal is for elections sake not for farmers. No talks simply withdraw after more than a year.
We are with our farmers
Modi should sack Ajay Mishra from ministry. What kind of response to it is who can accept.
Modi: Where is my wife?
Modi came to power riding on these mobs
Modi, Yogi & UP police: Yes ( and will always be)
farmers will never find a solution for their problems.
Modi is very rough and tough but he havent guts to give a interview without godi media.
Farmers done a great job
All farmers should United.
Rakesh Tikat is a living legend
Modi ji can say after this hypocrisy ki bhi Seema hoti hai
Now it is Khalistan & Kashmir turn.
As if only Punjab and Haryana have farmers. The rest of the country's farmers who were to benefit escaping clutches of the Mandis. Screw them right? Political exigencies over ride the legal, factual and overall high ground the Govt had held. You have stand for ideology and aims. It what brought and keeps the BJP in power. This is weak.
Modi every law is filled with confusions and controversies. He never seek the advice and interest of the people while making law.He only consider Big firms, tycoon businessmen.I think he is saving his income with these businessmen in the form of providing them benefit.
Farmers Keep up the good fight.
Farmers of Punjab and Haryana are protesting... Why PM is addressing Bihar, where there is no mandi system? (Laagta hai BIHAR me election hai )
Modi is best leader and pm of 
Our farmers are more intelligent and rational than the educated bakhts living in cities.  What a shame the people who bring food to your table are tortured and called anti national.  How low can any country go .
It's for farmers and let them decide for themselves. They have every right to protest against it.
We support farmer 
What about the farmers who have given their lives (750 farmers)
I support Farmers.
All farmers of the country all the best don't fear of police you can go ahead.
Support Kangana she is Right
What Modi did today is the same thing that Narsimha rao told to Arif Mohammad at the time of Shah Bano case when he was resigning from congress"agar unhe gandgi ki aadat hai to rehne do" 
The farmers agitation is only troubling  poor public and Govt appears to be least bothered. 
Modi knows what a general strike could do to him. India already has millions of farming communities who had to migrate into the cities.
Modi got big alliance with election commission, so he no need to worry
I am from punjab,  In starting i feel that there is really a issue but now its only political interest. People who join this protest from my town is anti bjp, many of them does have even have piece of land for farming. That only political drama by anti bjp.
I support farmers  
Now modi supporters should regret
MODI government.
Modi & BJP for electoral gains can do snh number of summersaults. Not trustworthy PM , party.
We support you modi ji best pm of india
Modi = M , Amit = A , Devol = D ---- MAD Policy the only problem
support every body to formers, bcaus  we gettig food from them.
Modi police we want to ask one thing when Modi and Yogi gatherd several people in Ayodhya Ram temple foundation and BjP Amith Sha conducted rally in Hyderabad violating covid protocol what our police did?
Only modi best
FARMERS SHOULD NOT BE SUBJECT TO PRICES SET BY PRIVATE BUYERS BECAUSE THEY CAN FORM AN ALLIANCE TO GIVE HARD WORKING FARMERS WHATEVER PRICE THEY SET. DO NOT GIVE UP FARMERS
Ravish Kumar and kisan Union
Punjab was divided in 47 with the majority hived off to PAK. Then in 66, we had the created of Haryana/Himachal. 
Ravish good anchor compare  to all Godi media Anchores .
Why only farmers from Punjab, Haryana and UP have problems with the farm law.
Are modi you are not a great leader you support corporates not farmers
Modi's high on diplomacy.
Farmers decorate you with the custodian of forth pillars of democracy.You are good retort to Godi media. Hats off to you Ajit bhai.
Our Farmers still not adjusted to liberalisation that's the reason farm Law failure
Modi was tea seller he dont know what is farmers issues.
Farmers, never forget the hardships they put you through  Never ever vote for this gobar party
I am  Modi supporter all these years . I only can thank him that he repealed those laws .
Who are farmers, goons of Cong
No farmers no food 
modi messed up with wrong ppl...farmers
Are they farmers or goondas?
We all with all farmers
We support farmers 
Farmers who has lost their
 farmers had done a wonderful job in the initial years of the Green 
Modi = M, Amit = A, Devol = D ----- MAD Policy only problem
Modi is the most fashionable PM ever. No one dresses so well. I just watch his speech on mute.
Farmers you deserve a big salute ! And my sincere support for your focused efforts and protest. The FAKE BJP govt is evil and they will continue with their diversions. However what they need to understand is propogating same lie in different versions doesn't hide or change the reality. Farmers
Modi and Amit Shah should resign. It's a shame . Second riot in delhi
Modi - Says its a historical bill
The farmers have defeated the government by agitation now it is the time to defeat the BJP in the election.
Farmers must understand that this is not up to the R govt to take any decisions. Policies are made by their corporate masters. Those who are funding and backing the R to remain in power. Protesting will achieve nothing anymore.
So if Punjab & Haryana protest & no other major states are protesting then might be political influence. Else, entire country is mostly into farming. So country should have been burning if all are not happy with it!
Modi is trying to make businessmen from Gujarat rich hes trying to make his state rich and make rest of India poor. Jai Kisan Jai Jawan.
Rakesh ji will be next PM
If farmers are not happy with the bill then why implement it.
Rakesh Tiket is best comedian, jobless and is democracy ke liye deemak hai, yaha jitne bhi log is dakait ke favor me likh rahe hai sirf itna answer de dena ki Haj house se kitne jobs create huve hai, main comment karna band kar dunga......
Modi has betrayed its own supporters....now we don't support Modi...he must resign...
Modi is ONLY concern of Gujarati Business men, Rather than Farmers of India
ravish kumar is great journalist and good human being. He must be sent to Afg so that we can get live reporting of events happening in Afg.
Ravish.g.you.or.my.real.hero
I support farmers!! Every sane Indian citizen must stand in solidarity with our farmers!!!
Farmers are good 
Modi is enjoying the show grooming his beard I guess 
Punjab election is gonna be interesting
I support farm laws. Anti-farm law protests are anti-farmer. Period.
And these farmers protest exposed by great iceberg 
#Farmers win today 19/11/21.... Thanks so much  The Daily show ....
Farmers have not been killed by police or in encounter.Old farmers were brought to the border and died due to illness and declared martyrs.
Farmers carrying our national flag and protesting ... I think now it's enough, government should accept their demands and should not take it too far...
I support farmers..but why did they turned a Farmers & workers protest into...a religious protest? What was the need to throw indian flag and host the flag of nishan shaheb? Where was your salogan of "kishan majdoor Ekta jindabaad" during that time...and lastly what was the need to damage public property? 
Rakesh Tikait has given appropriate replies to Ajit Anjum's twisted questions with wit and cleverness of a Farmer leader he is famous for.
Farmers is right
I support farmers, 67 died on Delhi boarder and CM going to another village to do talk . Not acceptable, farmers did the right thing.
Farmers needs to be more cooperative with present society needs and they should produce more other crops to meet countries needs. Not unwanted wheat and paddy and demanding MSP price, free electricity, water which are coming from taxpayers money. 
the farmers of punjab and haryana are wealthy because their crops are brought by fci, while in other states crops go from farmer to many middle men and then to consumer. if fci starts to buy from other states than punjab then punjab also goes through same system of farm to mandi to arhtiya to wholesaler to retailer and then finally to consumer.
I support Farmers.. They are completely right..
I support farmers but now I realised they are not farmers
Modi jee exposing media .Compare same news debate on same channel from  last month to today's
We're with farmers, they are right.
Farmers backbone of India
Tikait the fraud
The FARMERS R OUR SOUL they give us LIFE n they're like GOD n we have to full support to them  ....
Farmers  ko yhi krna hota to ye phle he nhi kr diye hote . Kyou he itne din se peacefully protest krte.  Ye sb politics hai. Unko tractor rally ki permission dekar gair kisan utar kr.,apni image ac hi aur kisano ki buri  bnana chahte hai.
*"Why are farmers protesting ?"*
farmers end). And at the same time, if mandi agents can be corporatized, or
Modi ji agar apne chote kishano ke khate me sidha 1 lakh 62 corere rupey dale hain toh apke hisab se chote kisan 10 crore se jyda hai hain na chalo 15 corore man lete hain 16200000000000150000000 =1080000 rupey per chota kishan .muje toh nahi mile mere pas 1 acre zameen hy toh me chota kishan nhi hu kya 
We support as a indian
It's a khalistan protester when you don't know the truth don't put your nose in it
Modi media is Crying 
No farmers no food.  Thank you so much sir.. 
I'm support my army
Farmers will protest and ready to die because it is said to die once in honour is more worthy than die daily out of fearmustbe clear to MO-SH rulers because BJP was on Ventilator in ICU since 2014 when seniors were packed in decadent Mandal.
Ravish Kumar the voice of the voiceless goad bless you sir
Farmers are the worthy sons of Idia, their grievance is a worth to be consider
Modi is trying to be secular and peace loving and police and common people are facing the wrath
Terrorist always support Terrorism.
Only Punjab's farmers don't represent farmers of whole India. Farmers from states other than punjab are welcoming farm bills(various videos are there for proof) & even some set of farmers from punjab are  proponents of the bill. Moreover there are people in protest who are actually middleman but disguising to be a farmer.
Tikait Ji is Right&Great Kissan Leader God Bless Him
Modi - "I think we need to move on to automobiles for efficiency like the developed countries" 
Ravish Kumar the real reporter of india
Punjab is essential for the production of rice in country.
I Support farmers. you all know how much we can trust a government either Congress or BJP
If Modi n Shah think they can use this violence as an excuse to crush the farmers protests by using their old tactics then they again will be doing a grave mistake. They should give what farmers have been requesting.
No farmers No food
Modi regime is worst than dictatorship. Independence for Punjab is the only solution
Tikait exposing himself, was politically irrelevant and will remain irrelevant!
Support with farmar
Support Indian people
Farmers give also that compensation to minister's son
Tikait is behind this
Farmers=God
Modi looks pissed in the thumbnail 
Punjab government has given a report saying farmer protests can't be covid hotspots and they can continue with out following any guide lines...atleast prioritise and give them vaccine captain singh
Modi already said bill is not forced it's Choice,it's set back for kissan and Victory of middle men of Punjab.Time will speak.
Oh modi, please stop playing. You have bood of all those innocent farmers on your hands. I wonder how you get sleep at night
Yeh Rakesh tikait sirf gol gol ghuma ta hai....he is totally confused.... not at all clear about anything....
I support these two agriculture bill. 
I support the farm laws.
Ravish Ji you show the good prime show we proud for your work godi media destroy the democracy but you try live democracy this is tamtacha on bjp and godi media
And why were Khalistan flags being raised on 26th Jan
Farmers are on right path and they are united.
Farmers will not forget
Modi thrives in these sort of conditions. He's always been in the last 20years.
Punjab and UP election on way so...
I support your channel and thoughts and Boycott Muslims peoples shopkeepers and companies product actors and actresses films and Chinese communist Marxist foreign ideology supporter person&companies products Bharat mata ki jai jai jai hindutva vande matram
Modi's motive and intentions will destroy the livelihoods of the common man.India rise up,overthrow this government!!
These farmers protests have been more political than about farmers fighting for their rights.
Farmers can use commodities market to hedge the risk by entering into future&options contracts!
Modi lost in his governance. Sad to this step
Haryana people are with Punjab
Farmers struggle definitely triumphs. Fascist rulers will be defeated.
Modi is Greatest PM
"Farmers are well educated i would rather say much than our agriculture minister narendra tomar"
Modi 2.0 = East India Company 2.0
All the farmers,soldiers students, labourers  & daily workers love you & may God blase you.
Before :Modi take your laws back .
No farmers no food shame on Indian police Nd india government ani k sance ki food den walea nu izat diti jandia lathia ni jlaeaaa jandia
 When Modi was about 15 years old, India's had fought and won the second war with Pakistan in 1965.
Modi ji is leader thinking of winning election, not statesman think for national policy for good .
All support ing MPs are fool
Rakesh ji Dehli riots, UP riots, CAA, NRC, Minorities rights, Mob lynching ke ke baare me boliye phir chacha-bhatija kijiye. Hum aap ko support krenge.
I support farmers .....from Canada
When Modi Arrange A Rally For Bihar election Then NO COVID 
The farmers are protesting against system not against india
Modi's farsightedness is this level,when own country drowning in poverty,gifting others for claps
Or are those farmers also into same turmoil in the hands of a big company?
Now farmers can live happily, I need my money not to be wasted on them.
We're with farmers, students and neutral media.
Farmers win, Government losses
Farmers are true citizens of India and true nationalist, RSS/ BJP is dalal party that divided want to do divide and rule. India stands with farmers. #GODImedia #kangna #itcell ka upayog kar ke sare sikhs ko khalistani keh diya jo farmers ke sath hain.
Farmers dont forget. Its RG and PG both converted this as an  international issue and brought victory to you...
Modi ji bhut hi achche actor hai aur jhut bhi bhut confidence se bolte hai
Farmers who are protesting against this laws are not seeing the benefits they will be getting in the long run.... It looks like they want to be dependent on the middle men and govt. subsidies but the current bill allows them to free themselves and grow more....
Ravish the Hero
Its Modi police against minorities of India.
Farmers Victory
Modi withdraws farm laws, Godi media going ga-ga on how he is caring the national interest.. Then how about withdrawing fuel prices on "national interest"???? 
Modi Shah will find a way to ensure Ambani Adani and other cronies will earn at farmer's expense. All policy decisions lead to profits for Ambani and Adani
We are support formers
We will support you 
We support them
I support this SDM and anyone who cares for INDIA will support him
The farmers were provoked by BJP as they haven't taken any action against culprits.
We support farmers
Support the farmers!Farmers feed the world!
Repeal t Bills indian govt
No Farmers No Food No Future. May almighty bless the farmers always. This is the most peaceful protest in the history, The government should repeal the laws. #Isupportfarmers
Tikait needs to b put immediately in kabul to know more indepth first hand studies of taliban . What farmers protest something else going on under that head .
Farmers shouldnt go back untill Law is actually been repealed and implemented.
No farmers. No food.
We support farmers 
In Punjab if a Physically Handicapped wishes to work from Home then he is charged electricity at Penal Rates euphemistically called ' Commercial Rate ' Physically Handicapped Punjabis also get Free electricity , may be .only for their work places / factories  . And Physically Handicapped Indians ' income is , also ,exempted from payment of Income Tax .
Rakesh tikait answers  question  with poise,which is a  positive feature, people say.Notwithstanding his popularity at this stage he  is untouched by arrogance which normally infects many, people say.
For the farmers, without a strong MSP foundation, its going from the frying pan of APMC to the fire of big corporations. 
Ravish much love and blessings 
The Farmers should not celebrate so early. I hope  that this promise would be kept and not like the 15 Lakhs 
Farmers protest is revolutionary and historical.
what about the farmers killed by the law , this type of governess will kill the contoury
Farmers must get protected with MSP  in private entity.
Repeal the farm laws and stop catering to billionaire corporations.
I support farmers 
I support  FARMERS PROTEST from ITALY, your Pakistani VEER 
Why farmers can't go to court??
Ravish kumar sir best reporter in india
Support farmers international,national and local. They feed you. I don't think that needs to be elaborated on much more  
But why Modi has to address the Nation, just to withdraw the Farm Laws. He could as well have given the job to the Agriculture Minister, who championed it in Parliament. Socha National Television meh credit leh lo. This guy is hungry for cheap publicity.
Farmers fight is not only for themselves but for every common person. If they wont survive then how come common people will get food.
If farmers are stirred to anger, then they might commit some mistakes by which government will gain the confidence of people for the laws passed.
I am from Punjab and let me put the limelight on the issue.
I support farm laws. Anti-farm law protests are itself anti-farmer. Period.
Farmers rally me government ne apne gunde daldiya haa
Farmers point: they are worried about price of their crop, MSP gives some reliance , so they are demanding for it.
Modi does not care about the sikh farmers Punjabi farmers. Its the truth
Modi repeal 3 Farmers law immediately.Bow down to democracy.Nothing wrong
We support taliwan
Only from punjab and haryana and maharashtra
Farmers  the real heroes of India... Who are ready to die for our future.. 
Now Farmers are my inspiration for determination and discipline.  Their spirit and generosity is applauded
Farmers want losses
Jab rally ki permission mili , route decide ho gayie tab yeh backchodi kyu 
RAKESH TIKAIT JINDABAD 
Modi ji ka Kon sa decision public interest Mai,note mandi, lockdown,GST
Modi and Amit Shah have also done "PALAYAN"
Rakesh tikait is ghereat leader
Modi drama vote for congress only
Farmers are really innocent. Vo hum Sab ke lie hi dharne Pr baithe. Modi g pls mat pareshan kro innocent farmers ko. Aapko bhi bhgwan ne bnaya h. Aap toh khud ko bhgwan Samjhne Lg gye
Farmers should encircle Parliament and force the government to withdraw law against farmers.
Farmers of this two states get the most out of it while the farmers of MH, WB, KN, MP etc are left behind.
No farmers no food 
I am with farmers 
Why is it the farmers sells his tomatoes for rs 2 and I buys this tomatoes at rs 30 in GOA. Who is to be blame where does the Rs 28 go.
The Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Ordinance, 2020 allows intra-state and inter-state trade of farmers produce beyond the physical premises of APMC markets.  State governments are prohibited from levying any market fee, cess or levy outside APMC areas. 
Modi does something - problem for opposition.
Rakesh ticket chor hai videshi sher ki khal pahan rakhi hai Odia only Yogi Modi vote for BJP
Farmers for Freedom
Now farmers are also termed terrorist... Jiska khate ho usi ko dikha
support protest support for  unemployed people  , not talking about farmers though
I support farmers . But national flag nhi utarna Chahiye thha.
modi ji u are the greatest leader in india's history after independence !!
Farmers sport
Modi is wrost pm in the history of INDIA
MODI KO UTARO INDIA KO BACHANA HAI TOH
Support to farmers and sikh brothers... God bless you.
Punjab should become independent State
Now farmers
Farmers were crushed under the vehicle of dictatorship....we want justice...
Farmers were never bound to sell to APMC. The farmers know that APMC & MSP option will disappear soon.
Punjab and Haryana farmers- this is not fair....let's protest
Support to these farmers .
Farmers are siting peaceful in Protest in Dehli more than 60 days , more than 150 farmers died due to Dehlis cold.!0 meetings between Farmers Unions and govt failed.I pray govt comes  farward to solve farmers crisis.
Our farmers won!!! It was indeed the longest protest after freedom! Wish spineless people around supported them rather than calling them Khalistani/terrorists. Indian farmers and their movement is going to be remembered forever around the world. Salute to the Indian farmers and SHAME on Government and Godi media!!!
So once the farmers commit suicide the debts are forgiven? Do all farmers have life insurance that will pay out the family to cover all debts, and feed the family?  I call the people who leave behind the women and kids cowards.  The men of Punjab consider themselves Lions.  I think not.  What will happen to the family when you commit suicide Lions?
Farmers feed the nation. They are not hooligans.
Rakesh saheb is Intectual kesan leader, Deserves Bharat Ratna
Farmers should go to bjp mp's bunglow
I'm from haryana.unemployment increase day by day.
farmers should be able to sell their crops freely
This farmers bill 2020 forcefully passed by bjp in rajya Sabha .
Punjab already has contract farming and ppl r really happy. Govt has just expanded to other states.
modi also asked MSP as CM nothing  wrong if farmers ask
Modi should understand  the importance of declaring OROP now with out any further delay.
Farmers bill out 
farmers defeat the fascist Modi.
When farmers have freedom to sell at price they want, and at any place they want to sell, why farmers are still protesting?
Punjab Elections aarhe hai 
Farmers should fight for decent pension and universal income too... they are souls of the nation not mere voters...
Farmers are the mainstream for future India....
Farmers will create new History...
Our farmers, our heroes like our brave Indian Army soldiers have proved their mettle. They are simply unstoppable when their just rights are trampled upon.
Rakesh tikait the legend of india
These farmers are fighting against fascism named modi.
Modi weak prime minister..Congress is much better to deal with these pet
Where were you  Tikait  before  70 years  or before  honorable  Yogi ji and Modi ji
Rakesh ticket tumhe . ghar bhejege
Farmers are right. There are tons laws  aginst fraud, corruption,murder,rape. There are laws for not following laws. But how many of these are actually implemented ? How can farmers believe they can fight against giant companies in courts or tribunals for years and years???
Tikait and duplicate farmer's are responsible of  farmers death' jai Hind
Farmers are done this for their future  generation.... Congratulations farmer ....Sorry Godi media and adani-ambani
Ravish Kumar ji,true journalism,true Patriot, sincerely concern about future of India & Indian.May god bless you more courage, more energy to bring true picture of common people.
Modi tried to contribute something to each and every sector be it foreign policy,education,trade and commerce,etc.
Punjab ki shan ho tum. Tum zinda ho tu punjab zinda hay. Ghayrut mund marshall race    from this side of the divide
I support farm laws. Anti-farm law protests are middlemen protests, so they are itself anti-farmer. Period.
Modi just played the vote card
Farmers-0(since independence)
Modi ji please make a strategy by implying these laws in a new bill. It shouldn't be direct, it should be hidden in facade statements.
Farmers have the right to protest as long do not disturb other pple activity  request MODI govt.will do sumthing to help this farmers demand our daily food is from farmers all of us should give respect to farmers
Modi is CEO of Adani Group , he doesnt know India social fabric.
Ravish kumar is a lengend
I support Farmers
Farmers should have the right to fix the price himself
punjab's so called poor farmers are either mislead or they are afraid that they wont be able to exploit farmers by manipulating prices and sell those crops at higher prices in the trucks they are living in.
All farmers are united n only Punjab farmers are targeted for leading the agitations n the way they pushed aside the barriers is clearly suggestive of genuineness of their concerns.
I SUPPORT THE FARMERS OF INDIA DEMANDS !!!!
I support farmers 
Tikait is not fool like you. Do you think he will say what you want him to say. Ask some sensible questions. All decisions are taken by kisan sangathan. Protest is all over India but concentration is at the borders. As he said all ststes keep organising protests. Farmers are poor and all of them cant come to delhi.
# we support him ..
If the farmers can utilise the good factors properly it is v.fine.   but my question is why the govt. Got it passed without having proper session of thorough discussion in parliament? .
I support the farmers. There is a vital  difference in the statement of BJP leaders & their practical performance on the ground level. They & officers in their ruling states are unresponsive against offence followed by corruption despite written request with evidence. Hence they are liable to be rejected for ruling in future.
Rakesh tiket is a biggest leader in farmer's community
Modi blind supporters secretly stalking the comment section end up getting depression .
Modi is just using his fanatical Hindus to keep Hindus together in a short time and look combative and organized against his Indian counterparts. Modi is facing not only turbaned farmers, but also the landlord class, a plethora of domestic opposition parties and foreign NGOs that are sending rice and food, and a year's worth of COVID-19.
Ravish Kumar Sir - The Nos 1 Reporter
What about that farmers who died in protest 
Support indian farmers 
Most of the farmers even don't know 
Punjab farmers had done a wonderful job in the initial years of the Green Revolution but gradually , massive subsidies , no income tax and MSP, free electricity , wrong entries of Khud Kasht- Actual Tiller status in Revenue records by corrupt Patwaris etc ,.turned these once hard working farmers into super middleman and brokers for small farmers / Artiyas - a sort capitalist -absentee land lordship exploitative form of functioning . . New farm laws gave small farmers to an opportunity become independent .
Farmers should invest in risk insurance policies : say the weather patterns predict the harsh winter or summer, instead of blaming god , how about predict the weather patterns and not cultivate crops sensitive to harsh climate.
These farmers has forgotten the Flag that they have raised on Red fort.
I support  farmers & stand with protest and against government policies
Farmers and selective Billing , in Punjab , of Electricity charges on 
Farmers need 
farmers should get their rights in sha allah ......i support to mmmy country farmer
Ravish zee: Great coverage your NDTV is really 4th pillars of Indian great democracy. ND TV is a voice of the people and speedy harmony and humanity. Thanks for great job!!!!!
Farmers must be given health support money even if they are healthy after age 65 in India of at least 6-9k a month, if they do farming for longer.
Why tikait is continuing the agitation.I doubt about his integrity and he should be brought under the  scanner of NIA to find about links with terrorist groups which would helps to know which political parties instigating the violences
Ravish Kumar the great man original PatrCar.Zindabad. you are right sar %
How rakesh tikayat is a farmar ?
Ab repeal ho raha hai to inhe discuss krna hai
Rakesh tikait is himself a big anda so he has no moral  right to give anda to others. Moreover he is self proclaimed Acconomist  who thinks that everyone else is duffer and he is only knowledgeable person on the earth.
When farmers are more smart then dumb celebrities of India
If farmers  don't want the law, why  Modi is forcing?
Support Farmer from Pakistan
Rakesh tikat is just another expension of bjp
we have to support our farmers
Modi ji why you are unable to control this antinational tikait
All farmers have gone from delhi to UP suddenly to register their protest as there is poll coming in UP soon 
We are all with the farmers.. i swear i am never going to vote for bjp in my life.
M from haryana state i know updated news
I support farmers, but also known congress can't improve anything. So no vote for Congress
Modi government is doing every thing for vote bank ...
farmers good power show
Modi / yogi should fight gor for us.
Modi ji app ess desh de pm ho ess desh de people ne Vota Paia tanu par ajj jo up vich hoia thik nae
No farmers no food 
Modi Better to Sell Tea on Roads again otherwise you won't survive the heat now...
Support farmers they are innocents  people  and  its totally  planned by government of india
Farmers WERE, ARE & WILL BE the foundational & core asset of Indian Economy. So need to focus on empowering  & prospering our farming community to see the strong economy & growth of India  on the global platform.
Farmers alway king,
I support to farmers 
No farmers no food 
Farmers don't settle for less than indepenfence. Period.
Farmers are not terrorist they are the one who feed this whole world . It is their right to protest you can't hit them support them
If Modi realises that giving official approval to the new government made by Taliban in Afghanistan will be beneficial for his image then he will do it and all the andh bhakts will then also find excuses to support him and some will even call it Modi's "doordarshita" to one day include Afghanistan into Akhanda Bharat 
When Farmers of tamilnadu  run nakedly pm not Concerned how can now
Modi rss terror group are doing same what is done in kashmir
Rakesh Tiket is dramebaaz. He should be arrested& put in jail  for life imprisonment
Farmers are true hero. They try to divide amongs farmers
Modi defeated! Zindabad . Long live small farmers!
We support farmers 
Modi  ji realy  we are all thank s to u but what about the several  former dide what about that going to tell modi ji ?.
The Farmers of India Won. Laws have been taken Back  by the government . INDIAN ONCE AGAIN SHOWED THE WHOLE WORLD THROUGH PEACEFUL WAYS DETERMINATION AND COMMITMENT PEOPLE OF THE COUNTRY CAN WIN. MAHATMA GANDHI'S IDEOLOGY ONCE AGAIN WORKED IN THE 21ST CENTURY TOO  Love from India
Modi creates a rift between Kisan and Jawan. Ex-servicemen protest and tents uprooted in 2015
Farmers win 
Farmers not from Pakistan &China
If some farmers Union will go it will be disrespect  the sacrifices of life people have given and a punishment to people who fought with all spirit and have cases registered against them
Farmers protest now cold war,only wastage of money,without hardwork.
Modi tere se to aacha pappu hi tha jo tanhashah rule to na chalata desh mai
khalistan is the answer
We support farmers 
Modi was telling sabka sath, sabka Vikas and sabka biswas but it appears that he is with the arthritis/middle man. Today is the black day for small and marginal farmers.
Farmers' Protest., 
FARMERS READY THE CABIBAGE CATAPULT LET OUR CABIBAGES BLOT OUT THE SUN ("; ;)
RAKESH  TIKAT  JINDABADD
we support our beloved farmers
Modi... pretend to be the cleverest among world leaders... liar ....
Farmers should go to election
I support this Kisaan Bill.
If Farmers are not happy this bill must be reviewed or held back till all concerned are reasonably assured and happy. Let us not destroy it completely.
No farmers not food
Rakesh sacha andolon choro,desh key liye kush kro
Why this repeal before elections  Is it for political gain. Politicians are working for their own selfish gain rather than for country. Let them do agri reforms  by democratic means rather than by arrogancy of  authority rule.
Support our Sikh brothers from Hyderabad.
@Stand with farmers
Modi is a Trumper.
I was a Modi bhagat but how can one be assured when on your govt words when we have a example of GST, you talking about Value of rupee in UPA govt,  smriti irani ji talking about gas and petrol prices in UPA govt 
Support farmers please
This farmers strike should not continue anyway since it will have adverse effects on our economy in the long run. Those who are lovers of our Motherland should come forward to have a speedy settlement of the issues.
Farmers demands are genuine. The govt has thrown a blind eye for the past 11 months on farmers protest. The centre must withdraw the Farm Laws with immediate effect.
Modi Ji is enough for the Taliban...!!!!
Modi needs to be voted out! He is the worse PM our country has never seen. Just a talker no value in his words.
Farmers must postponed there protest immediately...For there own life safety and for others... This is not the time for protest... Sikh community is known for helping in difficult times, lets postpone... protest can be done after pandemic as well
Haryana sarkar pe to sb swal utha rahe the ab chup kyu ho bsdko
Modi's New India 
 that Modi did this cuz of the protest. For BJP, I believe this is definitely part of a strategic long term move of some kind.
They are the farmers who came with tractors and injured public and police officials. What we expect form them.
Farmers are wonder of the world.
No farmers No food
We support farmers...Jai hind..
Ravish ur the best and correct ndtv god bless u all please conti
RAKESH TAKAIT IS A PATRIOTIC AND BOLD FARMER LEADER. HIS SALOGAN HAR HAR MAHADEV ALLAH HU AKBAR UNITED THE INDIANS. KICK OUT COMMUNAL POLICY OF BJP GOVERNMENT.
Modi looks so handsome and empowered when he talks with the posture like a Televangelist in the US.  
When farmers are against this law, why the hell Modi government is forcing them to accept this law. This itself proves that this law is not for farmers and for corporates like Ambani n Adani only. Hats off to this brave farmers.
Tikait must do his pleasent movement in Afghanistan. He will have better taste of laws
Where is the support..no body came in support of government in last one year...jab opposing party ek saal se baithe the to support wale bhi aate.
Farmers from now don't call yourself pour or you have nothing to eat, because you choose your own path, middleman's crushed you government shows you a path but you won't need it...And clowns let start your show in comment section, jai Bharat...Har har mahadev...
If Tikait have some confidence then why he is not fighting the election?
farmers sell potatoes 10-20 rs per kilogram and chips company sell 50 grams potato chips for rs 10. Means 200 rs kg.
This Modi Govt wants to operate like a Trader/Businessman, and,not like a Social institution. Simply handover the profit-making govt institutions to corporates like r trying with MTNL, BSNL, Railways, Air-India etc etc
Down down Modi, otherwise solve this issue; Salute for all formers.
Farmers protest is successful as farmers have a bit extra time than middle class. Unfortunately middle class cannot go on dharna indefinitely and that is why there are the least taken into account by politicians. Having said that, still it requires a big big effort and well deserved win for our farmers.
But I support whatever farmers want ,I don't understand laws so don't know who is right or who is wrong here.
I am from punjab.. Thank you so much brother.. God Bless You 
- If it only the farmers who are protesting, why are they not coming to a negotiation with the govt?
Modi the politician!!
We support farmers
We support farmer
These farmers are good example of terrorism
no Farmers no food remember it
Haryana , Punjab especially are going to be heavily impacted , but instead of slowly assuring farmers about the laws and properly consulting about it , listening to what they want , the way they hurried and passed this bill and labeled "Every protestor" as a "Terrorist". You can see where this is leading up to.
We support in farmer movement..!! and Diljit..!!
Farmers those who are in support for this laws should come and protest.....
I'm in the support of farmers but today's act was so shameful and all the focus from farmers bill shifted to khalistan matter
Farmers are real ruler of INDIA 
The Modi nationalist trolls in the comments are being pounded down by people who see the reality of the situation: all you trolls should be ashamed.
Modi is taking blessings from indira.. Just watch now,,
Farmers are not criminals. Feeling bad for them.
Rakesh jjj is. Victory.. ....
If the farmers can sell this milk directly to customers with private transportation, it can help them gain more money. 
Modi sir your move can only bring u goodwill. Please work on MSP.
Farmers are the back bone of India ..... I support farmer's 
We are farmers
Farmers are responsible and real and royal for democracy
Tikait is saying absolutely right. Ganadaram Amit Shah is going to run policy of breaking castism like English govt has done earlier. Divine & Rule
Modi sir please conduct railway group d exam my humble request please try to understand our problems
We support kISHAN...
the farmers did right
If only farmers understood the overall benefit
PUNJAB GONE For congress!
Rakesh Tikait has become seasoned politician, his home work is deeply researched,Modi has bit more than it can chew, he thinks, every body is Anpadh like him. RT gaslights him.
We are with farmers
Modi ji ko strict action lena chahiye, public aapke saath hai
Farmers, the sons of the soil, rooted for the repeal of the laws, know what is good for them instead of politicians. Pray for those crusaders who lost their souls. Farmers are no fools.
Because only Punjab farmers get FREE ELECTRICITY/WATER
Farmers not demand for protection
Modi Govt should give Income Tax exemption , also , to Physically Handicapped and Punjab Govt should give free electricity to Handicapped Punjabis too . We do not support the demand by Physically Handicapped for a separate Wikilangista
Rakesh ji you are a great kisan leader
They are farmers they are just protesting for themselves .they have no right to beat them . I really don't think that India has the biggest. Democracy in the world .
Where is Ravish kumar ?
Most farmers are satisfied with the farm bill
Rakesh tikayat  and congress party , Prashant kisore making this programme  2024 election s stunts in up
Modi ji is only leader who can save India from corrupt parties like Congress and its allies. We are proud to have PM like modi ji, God bless him...
Terrorist is minister of law
Haryana Punjab brotherhood 
Modi ji don't send the fake news.
Now farmers can sell their produce and where but these people want their old derogatory system. What is wrong with them, let capitalism take hold. Free the market!
Modi didn't wanted the kisaan andolan to have a tag of 1 year complete that's why he did this repel announcement in such a hurry
Rakesh tikkat now we r not support you only..and Rakesh tikkat ne mujfer dagga me muslim orto ke sath inke aadmiyon ne batmeeji ki thi...case withdraw kerne ke liye rakesh tikkat apne logo ko bachaya tha
Rakesh Tiket is to blame for this chaos.
All support to your team
UP and Punjab elections effect. 
Farmers have understood how these laws will destroy their livelyhood and give away everything to ambani adani corporations.   Even BJP lawyers are not able to respond to farmers in debates.
Farmers are more than police
Farmers should be Categorised, 
these farmers need to ask for america to intervene the indian government policy, sent a representative to talk in america media and then later american senates can also encouraging the protest in new delhi's street, like seriously
Punjab should get the same to attract industries being a border state bordering Pak. So where does it generate assured revenue from? 
Repeal of agricultural laws is a strategic move by BJP.  80% Indian farmers who did not participate in the year long agitation seemingly didn't hate the bills.
Farmers are struggling against these black laws . Government should repeal these laws . kisaan ekta jindaabaad 
I  support  the farmers movements 
We support farmers head and heart.
Modi has backstabbed farmers of harayana  , my family voted for him in 2014 and 2019 , now we won't vote him .
Farmers and their Sons at different  borders Delhi and China border!
I support to you always for given true news.
Rakesh Tikait has led an arrogant Delhi Sultante to come to its knees
Farmers peacefully want to come delhi.. polive starts put water
We support modi ji...his move is always meaningful ...we will wait watch next step...
Rakesh Dacoit and his peaceful protest
if Modi is serious for apologies he should compensate all farmer for their 1 year suffering each farmer family 1 lac rupee... give reservations in govt jobs to all farmers.....give free electricity.... give farmers education quota in all colleges.... farmers are the only true God ...they are annadata... jai kishan parivaar... shame bjp govt
Punjab started first haryana is starting to follow now
Support kisan  because they are right
Tikait and his anti-national elements in disguise of kisans deserve such harsh treatment.... Laatho ke bhoot baato se nahi maante hai..
Farmers(Labours from UP&Bihar work for them) in  Punjab &Haryana are more financially sound than farmers in other parts of India. Most of them don't solely depend upon income from farm produce and run other businesses. Now Farm is a tool for avoiding Tax. One can show income from other business as income from the farm. This might be also one of the issue. Because farmers from other part India not opposing it. If they are opposing it they have different motive for opposition. In most of the countries farmers have their own unions to do the same job govt do here. Why depend upon govt? Considerable part of  the produce is ruined due to govt's bad management and storage and got wasted. So this waste of produce is stopped. This is not pure farm protest but different groups(political,religious(anti hindu), separatists, left) under one umbrella of emotional word 'FARMER'.
Only with farmers # the one who provides food to us 
Farmers sleeping in road side whereas ministers sleep in cusin bed.is it happing any where in the World?poor Government.....
These farmers cannot afford to drag massive corporations to court when they significant underpay them. The entire agricultural industry of India cannot be dictated by 2 or 3 laws alone. Each subsector agriculture has a different process of producing, selling and managing the crops. The ignorant media are misconstruing the real intent and purpose of these farmers.
Farmers don't know about rules.
Rakesh Tickeit chor kidhar mar gaya
I support Farmer's agitation against govt
Modi ka jumla, just like 15-15 Lakh , Amit shah will announce later that it was an election jumla
Modi will know soon the power of Guru Gobind singh ji's khalsa ...
Because of farmers, every household get food and because of them we are alive and it's really Shameful that farmers are not getting good support from Government. Farmers are ignored. When election comes, they say they will help farmers but after elected this is what we see as news.
As if there are farmers only in Punjab . Moreover , they do farming which literally damages the soil and uses a way lot more water. Some serious changes are required to help the farmers.
Modi :  You want 5000/month or 10,000/month 
Modi will meet the same fate as Rajiv Gandhi
Farmers Won...
They had a rally in Sacramento Ca few days ago, it was massive
Farmers mauled over by BJP vehicle : True; shown by The Quint : Yes
The farmers have been there for months. All away from their families. No one wants to be there.
Modi has to be  called to Siri Akaal Takhat  Sahib for doing wrong meaning of Deh Shiva Bar Mohay by Siri Guru Gobind Singh Jee especially on the Gurpurb of Siri Guru Nanak  Dev Sahib Jee
Modi run media labeled these protester as Khalistani, Maoist, Pak China backed and anti national and now modi decided to repeal these laws with apology .  This clown will be remembered and this great protest will also be remembered in history.
The farmers are struggle for everybody including for police families, then why police  don't understand nothing, really this is very terrible
Modi listen to farmers, Stop the agitation..
Support panjshir pls
Modi Government work for few oligarchs not for 130 crore people of India.
Ravish Kumar, the last man standing.
Farmers won bz they were right , salute to farmers who sacrificed their lives for their rights. Modi should have taken black laws back while back but he tested farmers. Farmers are warriors who stood their ground , congrates to Farmers of Punjab n Haryana
      .Modi ji showed utter humility and greatness. You have  to read between the lines of his short speech
Farmers Right
Rakesh Tikait you are very active  and quick answer everything it is God given gift. I like you as a traditional culture with Uttar Pradesh. Could you put Punjabi colorful turban on your head every second day on Kisan  morcha. I am from  Punjabi Sikh family. I lived in the USA as is young but never forget winding my turban on every weekend going to the Sikh temple. I  deeply miss you. Berkeley,, CA.
Why farmers not been allowed to protest.?
Why only #PUNJAB & HARYANA....
this is khalistan protest not farmers protest
Farmers ko agar really help karna cahtahe sarkar Toh Government ko fertilizer, pesticides ke cost low karne ko kaho,,,,Main Kissan family se hoon pera pitaji Kissan haa
With the farmers untill last breathsupport i
Support from Kerala
Rally to the embassy breaking car windshields and not paying for them along the way!
Farmers  ofcourse  very important. 
RAVISH KUMAR JI YOU ARE TOO GOOD,   I SALUTE YOU,, GOD BLESS YOU
We support Modiji, we support BJP only who can take India to a new HORIZON
Why is only Punjab protesting?
Modi told criminals will be kept away from politics but nothing is happening
Haryana chor police
WHERE IS THE FARMERS??
We support farmers  modi is wrong about the bills as its unethical
No Farmers meand  No Foods
Are Punjab Elections Coming By any chance?    Btw Wise decision Sir.
Farmers apprehension are right! 
Rakesh the cat
We have to support our Farmers....well done people
Modi does not want repeat of post Bengal voilence in Punjab since China at our border. It may look stupid but real possibility. Otherwise why he appolozied instead just revoked. I don't think right to criticize modi but we lack unity that modi has confident he will come back power.
Modi ji should bring back the laws,no matter what.Small farmers will be benefitted.
Modi is a living nightmare
Modi now been considered as "Manhoos" in global world.  Reason when he supported Trump " Trump gone". India supported Sheeroon (Israel PM), Sheeroon gone. India supported Ashraf Ghani, he had to leave Afghanistan,  supported  Armenia    ended up in breakdown of Armenia  and list can go on and on
Modi and Amit Shah's SS hit Squad.
We are farmers who r very down 2 earth  not politicians like u kangna  who barks everytime. speak that much which others can tolerate otherwise u will have 2 pay for this
modi is non other then a actor
Khalistan The Punjsb Annexe report from the British government has been sent to UN and from UK supreme court by SFJ and nothing can stop the dream of having our own land back. India had its opportunity for 70 years to work with Sikhs and respect our freedom and beliefs but instead, we were treated like guardians of Hindustan Shri Guru Granth Sahib Ji was disrespected time after time after time and one generation of Sikhs inPunjab were murdered by the indian state, For decades our people have lived under threaten by the Indian central government. If they thing Farmers will clear the decks of Delhi then they are even dumber than the previous guardians of indian government. Modi will be hung and his entire chain of command coming as far as CABAL and Billionaires will all be extinct withing the next 12 months just like Mughal empire and general Odwer.
What about them? Modi will lose votes in up election unless he retain these  laws.
All farmers demands should be filled any how as they are our India future
Farmers have taken correct decision. Jai Sri Ram.
Modi government forget history or bravery of HARYANA & PUNJAB   that's why it's over now  modi government shame on you
Rakesh tikait showed us how to deal with Godi Media 
If Modi wants to divide wealth of rich.
were farmers not allowed to sell outside the mandi earlier? I knew they were free earlier as well.
these farmers protests will be there until the Punjab elections. After that, they will shut down.
Farmers are also coming from Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar are also coming please check your facts
If these are farmers i would prefer to sleep Hungry but won't Compromise with dignity of my mother
Rakesh end the nautanki. What you  are waiting. What is yours programme in UP. Yogi ji waiting for your welcome. Come immediate.
Farmers are ryt and i support them . 
If all the farmers come together with force this police and entire system won't be sufficient to stop. Its quite easy to stir and create ruckus Which BJP is trying to do from day one but failing miserably. Imagine entire farmers went for it SDM will run to his house.
Modi is weak personality  up to now
Farmers(Labours from UP&Bihar work for them) in  Punjab &Haryana are more financially sound than farmers in other parts of India. Most of them don't solely depend upon income from farm produce and run other businesses. Now Farm is a tool for avoiding Tax. One can show income from other business as income from the farm. This might be also one of the issue. Because farmers from other part India not opposing it. If they are opposing it they have different motive for opposition.
Rakesh Tikait ji you really great.
Farmers life matter
farmers are protesting for the livelihood of all people. Many understand and some don't understand this. If there is no farmers, then there is no agricultural development and not even food for all. Withdraw the new laws and support farmers without smashing them..
Farmers bill will be benefited to farmers, the commission agent's no more role in selling of farmers crops. 
Because Punjab elections are coming so farm laws have been repealed
Support democracy 
Farmers 
The Farmers Produce Trade & Commerce (Promotion & Facilitation) Bill
The farmers protest is the messiest protest movement I have ever seen.
these farmers r supported by bjp
I support their demand, but why desecrate our national flag and why the security forces allow to happen?
Modi and Shaw either do not understand or are deliberately helping the traders and the corporate owners by privatizing everything. In a corrupt environment, Punjipatees will become infinitely rich after eliminating the small professions/professionals, the corruption, greed and fear in the system will help in exploiting the corporate employees and workers to no limits. They will use greed/fear, reward/punishment tactics in hiring/firing and controlling salaries of their employees. They will exploit the self desire for existence to the extent that a PHD scientist may be forced to work as a Clark and a janitor may be hired as his boss. People will destroy each other while fighting for their existence in order to make their monthly payments for medical, vehicle, home and retirement insurances, house tax, state tax, federal tax, house mortgage, vehicle payment and on top of that the fear of losing job, breaking marriage not being able to pay for their children education will remain every second they live a life of slavery. That is the future in a corrupt system where politicians will have to beg the corporate owners for their existence and the corporate owners will keep on doubling their wealth every year regardless of what happens. This is the extreme picture when corruption, fear and greed exists in the  society to extreme limits destroying the freedom and democracy of the country. Wake up Rashterwadio it is already too late drop your religious differences and save your childrens future. It's in your hands today and farmers are showing you by protesting and fighting for their future existence!!
Modi was telling sabka sath, sabka Vikas and sabka biswas but it appears he is with the arthritis/middle man. Today is the black day for small and marginal farmers.
Modi is a great leader without any ego he gave away for sake of farmers great leader
Farmers are so underrated in this country!
are these farmers capitalists?
Modi serkar become evil of this Era
Most of these farmers are from one state Punjab, very few from Haryana. The state government has full right to implement or stop the laws enacted by the center. 
.... Where are those modi bakths?...
These farmers can never succeed, because there is no iota of truth value in their struggle for regression into land lord feudal caste based class structure & struggle against parallel  competitive market. Actually, a fraction  of desert land is enough to produce food than so many of them inefficiently do. They can use the high capital intensive techno-agriculture, which they cannot opt within the outdated regressive government  supported expensive cultivation of unwanted crops using bloated employment patterns that flourishes only narcissist identity cults... media uses it to fuel hatred for somebody like Ambani, Adhani... not at all related. The media Punjabi vs Gujarati because Modi is from Gujarat, even Mahatma's statues are defaced... They spin narratives phoophooing nationalism because  Modi represents national interest, they push hatred for hindutva because Modi is a Hindu, they even sell dislike of chai wallas as they dislike modi... to what nasty distance narrative pushing can go?
What these farmers were doing for last 2 months... when punjab and haryana farmers started the agitation.... these farmers are being cajoled to participate in the morcha... purely political...no substance...
support to farmers
Tikait and anjum cannot understand why modiji withdran kisanbills . They keepon changing their priorities. Oi
Modi represents the East India Company 2.0
Khalistan will be free very soon. our Sikh friends we are with you. love from Pakistan
 punjab and Haryana stay strong and together now please please. All india farmers stand up together now 
No Farmers No Food 
Modi track record  is better in all aspect  from previous  ..
Farmers are thr real heroes  to hell with this govt  its time to show them the true meaning of democracy and power of the common man 
Farmers has lost an opportunity to empower themselves
Punjab farmers are richer than up and Bihar farmers
Only Punjab&Haryana should be excluded from Farm bill and should be implemented across India. If others are benefitted from farm laws Punjab would join the law.
Which modi government Bill useful for common man.
I am from Punjab and farmers here are quite rich due to fertile land. They don't represent marginal farmers. 
Farmers of India
rakesh tekawat was a farmer ??? 
Modi is the best
Rakesh Tikait is absolutely right in countering the tricky questions put forth by the journalist with appropriate narratives and information on hard ground realities.
If so then the farmers will loose out to cheaper priced imports.
farmers launched 'SIM Satyagrah' on Thursday. In a social media campaign, they destroyed Reliance Jio mobile SIM cards in protest against corporates over the contentious farm laws.
no farmers no food I sort to farmers
Ravish & parkash are more than cnn, bbc indian pakistani media combined . . . Hats Off
Farmers are not stopped to sell APMC then why so much opposition
Farmers are our country bone so 
Farmers Bill is not restricting the rights of the farmers. It is indeed helping farmers to sell their goods whom they wish to.
Support and respect farmers 
Farmers are the Heart  of India.
Is the farmers are not indians.they will.go to Delhi.jai kisan.modi moordhabad.
These farmers are whether so innocents or evil mindset goons
Farmers from the past 70 years have paid no taxes. Just want everything for free. It's us the middle class that needs to bear brunt of all these farmers. Now as they have been repealed. Still why protest. That means these farmers are having a lot of money. Just want protest. But dont want to pay any taxes. sad and shameful for farmers
all farmers are very awared and full of knowledge. And BJP says they can't understand the bills. 
Punjab farmer will become more rich and prosperous if they carefully understand the bill like Western Countries' farmer. Farmers should be little patient instead of assuming as if MODI is some representative of Ambani/Adani. Modi is 70 year old and he doesn't need money from Ambani and Adani. Stop blaming Modi. Modi is transforming India so that farmer's generations in future can continue to be proud farmers of India with richness and wealth. Modi is bringing India at par with Western economies. Farmers are misinformed. Modi is cleaning up mess of Congress and Corruption. Modi doesn't work for any Ambani and Adani.
I SUPPORT  #FARMERS #PROTEST   Your Pakistani VEER from Italy 
Just support farmers 
Farmers should teach khattar a hard lesson during election with their votes.
We support farmers 
Farmers will show the true feelings of every true Indian...
Farmers are in getting in Dehli for thier rights.
We are with farmers, and every Indian
Farmers win's  because they have help to each other
farmers in india are facing bigger problems than this
Farmers are already going to different mandis/cities to sell their produce. They are not restricted to just one mandi. The farmers are themselves saying that they are already in a way free to sell their produce across different mandis. However, many small farmers do not have the resources to sell their produce across the country.
Farmers land belong to corporate. Jamakhori is legal now.
I support punjab farmers. In india villages are more required den cities. Respect farmers...
Ravish Kumaar the only one journalist whom I love the most in India.....even if I am a muslim.
Modi categorically said " farm laws were for the benefit of farmers & repealing them for national interest " he must have some security information
Up and punjab mai election aane waale hai
Punjab hariyana gets more schemes for farmer then why doing this natak etc
We support BJP..
Farmers of Punjab get free water and electricity at the cost of taxpayers. If you're not a farmer, the cost of electricity in Punjab is the highest in the country. High electricity costs mean that no company will set up a modern industry in Punjab.
Punjab congress party government provoking and fueling the farmers protest...
Punjab needs to lead in other crops like oilseeds n vegetables and invest in research of post harvest manage n food processing.
I support this
Farmers always win.
So the farmers can get a Saficient deal for there hard work.
Modi should be thrown out of power immediately.
Farmers please:-
Ravish the Mahapanchayat  was,  mark my words a day history of this country will remember when we look back in the history of India. Naturally the historians who are writing the present day will try to write otherwise. The farmers have given the message loud and clear and even if for graceful exit if not for politics the government should pay attention to their demands. If not,  Vinashkale Viparit Buddhi will be so apt and fitting a proverb.
I support this protest, if they don't want this law no way it should be forced.
Support farmers. Boycott reliance jio and other ambani adani products
Farmers is very important 
Farmers are our last hope now
We support kisan brothers. Jai kisan
Farmers Are Soul Of Our Nation They're Poor But They're Not Alone Every Indian Are With Them
Modi watching this from the comfort of his sofa in heated AC room.  Lanat hai tere te.
I support our farmer. Shame modi government
Now I support new farm laws
Modi should be out
Farmers are backbone of India but the real farmers are in farm land
modi ji pllzz try to send those farmers  to their home who lost their lives just because of yoyr ego... their families are waiting to welcome them
Farmers' revolution will be a success. Long live farmers' agitation.
About Punjab rate of electricity
We all with farmers
Modi is finished. End the fascist regime soon.
The Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Bill does not give any statutory backing to MSP.
I am with farmers....
Modi vomiting garbage as usual, real  content starts from 14:09
Modi Repeal 3 farmers law immediately.Bow down to Democracy.Nothing wrong
Farmers in our country now get Independence in earnings,this law would make farmers happy and those opposing are DALAL.Procession in Punjab,Haryana are not real farmers but they are Bichaulia.Sukhbir of Badal Akali has Sukhbir Agro comprising most of places doing as Bichaulia so they are opposing bill and one minister of Sukhbir Badal party resigned.Sukhbir earn 5000 crores as Bichaulia per year and Sharad Pawar earned 10000 crores per year by grapes,onion
Modi is a politician at the end of day. He thought of doing something in his capacity for the farmers and vast majority were happy with it. But if a vocal minority of rich powerful vested interest group with strong PR is denting his image worldwide why would he care about farmers?  But when the silent majority actually realize what they lost, it will be too late. They missed a golden opportunity. If they are so naive to comprehend who their friend is and who is their foe, they are better off being left to their fate. Modi will find a way to win election but the
Modi pls hear voice of farmers
Farmers can't do such things
Modi Govt Should Take This Farm Bill Soon.  
Farmers being almost half of all workers have a lot of power just as long as they can hold out until their demands are discussed and hopefully met.
This Punjab domination is not acceptable by country.....first get out of delhi stop threatening govt
All the support to the farmers.
We support farmers from tamilnadu
Both farmers and police suffering due to modi govt
Modi has ruined the country!! Its time to throw him out ..
We support kisan  only 
Modi government take this decision due to elections, but there is possibility that this will backfire and increase the problems for BJP. Let's hope for better 
Our farmers are builders of the India nation 
What modi is trying to do. Nation want to know
Tikait ne marwaya hoga... This journalist was an eye witness.
And now farmers from all states across india are coming up in support of protest but bhakts will say only punjab and haryana as they are congress ruled and this gives them opportunity to call them 'politically motivated'
But farmers still won't give vote to  bjp....that would be the real win of farmers
Now all farmers will vote for the b.j.p. and appreciate the central government.
Farmers are the main mass of India. There needs must be met,
*Farmers >>>LOST*
Tikait is a chor
If farmers get concessiins  they are taken away by farm labour and others
All farmers should be understand this law and govt should be ammendment in this laws
I'm with farmers 
Support to farmers. They are our life
Farmers have won the battle but they will lose the war  most farmers will remain poor forever until they realise farming only contribute to less than 10% of gdp
Farmers demands has to be addressed on priority ......Warna kya khaogey ??????? I don't see anything wrong from farmers side .....they were really waiting patiently....also police ppl do not know how to talk and resolve issues ..... police are public servants ....they always use disrespectable language towards general public.....this has to be corrected soon ...
Modi simply displayed his cowardness, sad
Why did Modi apologize, did the BJP party know that these laws are not good for the farmers?
Modi want javan n kisan to fight shame on this govt
This is no more a farmers protest 
Farmers said that their agitation is not politically driven 
Farmers ko faltu me badnam kiya jaa raha hai.. har saal itni tight security hoti hai red fort k aas paas and delhi me bhi itni force hoti hai pr iss baar itni dheel kyu??? It's a trap !!
I SUPPORT FARMERS
Haryana Punjab people have always been warriors they have always raised the banner of revolution and led from the front !!! True warriors of India they never bow down in front of anyone
No farmers no food thats it
No farmers No food 
These farmers have dug their own grave 
They are farmers who feed us not a slave of the capitalist.
Haryana me sir tuta he.. UP me hota to g@@nd tod deti yogi police. 
Punjab ka nam jada highlight mat kro..we know iske piche Govt or media ki intentions sahi nahi h.
Support farmers govt failed today badly
My Support to farmer,  from andhra Pradesh
Support farmers.They are the backbone of India 
Modi came for the Muslims and no one spoke up for them. Then he came for the farmers, soon they will realise that there were fewer to speak for their rights. The next one to be targeted by the tyrant will have no one to speak for them.
Farmers come first.
Modi the private companies dont give money for years let farmers do whatever they want. Let them have an intermediate
Modi is the best PM.
We are farmers
RAKESH TIKET. GREAT MAN
Farmers protest is one thing but its being politicised slowly which is dangerous
Support for Indian farmers.
Khalistan is the only solution....
Tikait, now you shown your real color. You are a broker of Mandis in Punjab and Haryana. 
Modi the Great
I support farm laws. Shame on such opposition for insisting fear and violent situation. They haven't read those laws and unnecessarily insisting such activities. I want these laws be implemented ASAP.
Our farmers has sacrificed everything, they have won the fight. They have saved India from corporates and famine. May God bless and be with the poor and righteous.
MODI JI IS A BEST
Farmers is right their protest against this ordinance
Support n prayers from lehnda punjab 
Farmers' 'commission agents': How dare you give them other options??
No farmers no food 
Modi wants to reform, ask himself three questions first:
No farmers no food  son of farmer 
 farmers in Andhra and Telangana are in worse conditions but no one wants to protest because the state has broken their confidence from the root. Shame on dirty politics.
Farmers son is a soldier who fights for the country
Farmers bill is clearly advantageous for the middle class farmers!!it must be passed,,,,,y is the issue taken to a completely different direction?
We support New agri bills
These farmers acts are in favour of farmers but some farmers are misguided by opposition parties to ruin farmers
Modi selling farming to co-operates after selling govt banks and companies
AP farmers support this protest but its very far to reach and difficult to live in that cold weather, they are not used to cold weather due to geographical differences, locations, language is another barrier. They have never entered Delhi , far to reach capital.
Farmers protest is right because if trading started outside mandi then Minimum support Price(MSP) will be not there and initially they will get high price but the mandi will collapse soon and after mandi collapse since there is no MSP the farmers exploitation will start and big companies/traders will purchase in very low cost outside mandi without tax and legal support /pressure.
Modi is a petty tyrant and therefore no exception
Modi chore. Basted . We will see congress will come
And the farmers cannot lose their land as under the new law, the land of the farmer can neither be sold, leased or used for any purpose other than those related to agricultural trade activities. 
Farmers have been heavily exploited over there for a long time. Even on the certain paper test this cold truth s used as the material, which indicates pesticides and seeds are so expensive and they can only afford them by borrowing money from companies who sell pesticides and seeds.
Same on haryana Government
i am with farmers 
Yeah farmers need more help  our parents and grandparents were born on land.
Farmers of Punjab have kept their greed above everything else.
But farmers are not receiving their share
Modi ji, Agriculture income ko income tax ke daayre mein laakar as a taxable income treat hona chahiye, ye maang hmari taraf se hei.
Farmers protest ki piche desh birodhi agendas hai Congress and aap etc party ki saf saf nazar ara hai
Farmers are not getting the deserving rewards for their sweat & toil. Small farmers are very poor and unprivileged. Only processors of food & agro products and Wholeseller are making money with scoundrels & corrupt politicians.
Farmers are not only from Punjab and Haryana, they are from whole of India
Modi ji ,you are great and knows how to fool Indian Public .....Great dramatic character...it is a suggestion to open a Drama School to train students for politics and NSD admission as a part time business ,great...Modi ji really you are a very clever and a different type of chracter ,uderstand it without saying...... We support our farmers not a puppet of Capitalist.... Jai Kisan Jai Bharat
I myself support the farmers...but this isn't what i supported for... I'm ashamed... No one else could be blamed for this... No one else is responsible...
Punjab election se ankhe khuli hain.
What farmers need is proper understanding and diversity in farming
I support gaurented MSP atleast for poor farmers having farming about 10 acres.
Modi sent his gundas to destroy this parade. Modi is sabotaging this protest
farmers dont have to pay any tax while selling their produce at the APMC. it is the buyer of the produce mainly FCI who pays that tax !! please correct !
Haryana government should be ashamed of themselves.
I support  framers .. But today we not support farmers .. Ja galat kya kisano ne ..
We are farmers 
Only farmers (?) Of punjab are protesting...rest of the farmers in the country are doing their job "farming"
Support Ravish kumar and real reporting
Punjab stand for whole nation  msp Punjab never go back godi media
After this, that Tikait  guy will contest lok sabha polls from Congress or AAP then lose...only losers in this game will be the poor and honest farmers (if there are any) who have nothing to do with politics.
The farmers should hold the protest in a democratic manner. They should act responsibly.
If farmers will expoliated then whole industry will effected as agriculture is base of industries 
We are with farmers
Modi ji all waise right Jay Hind sir apke fesla wapas lene se hame dukh hua hai
Now farmers will suffer for next 70 years
Why are the farmers of punjab and haryana in particular protesting ????
Farmers are right for repealing of laws but patienly listen them. Those who last thier lives their kin should be adequately compensated.  Kisan Zinabad
The farmers are more educated and Intelligent than our Prime Minister and Home Minister...What the farmer said are all well said...
Why farmers are not allowing BJP to do panchayat? It's farmers fault. Don't blame police n BJP for the sake of blaming.
farmers and get control of their little lands, and make you and your children enslaved for ever.
Ravish ji, your reporting as usual is excellent the problem has been rightly identified and Mr Prakash is absolutely right when he says a country which aspires to be a member of UNSC keep mum to the happening in its neighborhood - intriguing.
Farmers from 27 out 29 states are happy with this law. Itll be unfair to those states if we remove these farm bills. Ideally BJP should recommend these law to every states, explain the benefits, and let the state decide if they want to implement the law.
support farm reform 
Farmers unity long live
But for farmers...they selling tomato 2-5 per kg
Modi: Where is my husband?
Farmers have rights to protest against the government. And
Now farmers can live in poverty like Congress era like in old days and news channel can reports farmers suicides daily.
This is for punjab election
Punjab should stand with MSP guarantee law...
Support from london tamil
Farmers already could sell ( before these 3 bills) to private sellers dude , in which world are you living PRATIK?
Be with farmers  we wanna wipe out the extremist party BJP in india
MODI SHOULD WAKEUP AND TAKE STRICT ACTION. WHY PUBLIC AND MEDIA ALSO SLEEPING ON THIS ISSUE
Khalistan Zindabad . .the Flag of Khalistan was raised high over the red fort
Farmers?? Sachhi me ??
MODI and Shah Fall To The Knees BEFORE Farmers Hats of for Farmers
Modi may appear to be losing some battles here, but he is clearly allowed the dissent to happen, allowed debates. He is on the path to win the war. That is what counts. Loved the way this government is handling  this potential crisis.
Support Maoist and farmers of India
Farmers will win because they have god blessing 
Farmers will ask for these bills themselves in a few years
I will support the farmer protest when real farmers come not UPA workers
Farmers win government loose "truth"
Modi's next step will be to withdraw from the WTO; otherwise, India needs to pay billions of dollars as compensation to the EU, the USA, and Canada.
Farmers Want their Earnings high but they doesn't want any modification and Laws...Basic Infrastructure like Cold Storage, Irrigation etc are important...By repelling these laws Farmers may lost the freedom to sell their crops at their will....Also Some Modification is needed in the laws...Wait and Watch for the next  Move.
These same farmers who most benefited from green revolution 
No farmers no food .
Modi government wanted to improve farmer's lives. If they do not they would not risk their vote bank.
Modi has shown his spinelessness. But still, I will keep voting for him.
Why the farmers don't have a cooperation?
Farmers, protest is no use. Naxalite is the future of India. Support country Naxalite and its government. Naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights.
The farmers of India sheding more tears than the tear gas can make.
Tikait ji has great understanding of farmer and all other issues and of politics. Nagpur se hi yeh naag jhooth bolna, zehar ugalna aur unmaad failana seekhate hain. Yeh 2 rupaye wale chote saanp sikhate hain
No farmers no food 
Farmers will gherao ur republic tv office very soon.
Against the terrorist Taliban . If the world support Taliban one day Terrorists will conquer the whole World
TIKAIT DAKAIT HAI
Dekho farmers ko environment ki bhi baat karni chahiye not only political stuff
Farmers of North India 
I support Indian farmers.
We support farmer protest against three black law
If no farmers no food in our
Farmers will benifit, but common people will have to spend a lot. govt ll not educate the farmers
Modi: I am the Nation . I am the strongest 
Farmers              Subsidy 
Ravish sir just hitting with soft slipper
These are farmers?? . they are doing such gundagardi .The farmers in my state are taking care of their farms.
Modi needs to resolve my town water problem rather than building a dam in Afghanistan
Ravish Kumar you must clear what you think of Taliban! Taliban are terrorists or political party in your opinion?
Farmers contribute about 16% of GDP of this country. Bycott new laws
If farmers want to live decent life they should go for industry status.
Modi government only cares corporate all the rules and regulations they liberalise to favour corporate,Indian media also with there pocket so they are not giving importance to such news
Support From Maharashtra..    .... 
Khalistan all the way
Farmers, no need to talk much.  Since the police whack you, just whack back.
Farmers will win. There is no other way.
RAKESH DECAIT CHUNAV LAREGA HAREGA
Are farmers only in punjab and Hariyana? farming of Rice and wheat only?Canadian PM poking in Indian affairs, why he was silent during hongkong protest, because did not want hurt large Chines population- vote bank, he speaks for punjabi- aanother vote bank. If there were farmer protest in any state other than punjab then he might have not. He does not consider Canadian Indians but only punjabi canadians. bahut farmers ki padi hei to farmers bache Canada mei tin guni fee leke padhne jate hei- hypocrate, he opposed india's MSP in WTO
Farmers annadata hai lekin free me nahi
Farmers pelt stones..what are they supposed to do they are being hit by water cannons..
I support farmars..shame of politicians...
Modi solution. Farmers cannot go to courts . They will go to SDM or DC . Corporates again happy as they can bribe them 
why farmers are protesting this ?? plzz explain me
Modi has proved that he loves votes instead of country
No farmers no food, if you think about this quote because of the new law that they made stuff has gone up in prices, which means everyone is affected so it is either you stand for farmers or start paying higher for products
All these farmers leaders are responsible for this terror
Rakesh Tikawat.. Is like Vashmashur?? He blocked one the biggest reforms in the history of Indian  n some changes could have been far better .
Farmers Never believe   Commitment of Feku , he is 420 about his commitment , we seen so many times . After bill pass only stop this protest .
I with farmers bill
No farmers no food!  Leave the farmers alone. God protect them . In Jesus's name.  Amen
Rakesh ticket 
Now Modi Ji just have to take his wife back 
Farmers will still vote for BJP.
Farmers should know that this clever govt will never think  in the favour of farmers.Controlling over protest by farmers is just entrim  relief to make elections viable in the favour of govt.
The farmers should invest in. Futuristic technology, alternative toppings or seeds.
The farmers who works in their lands or  bjp party ..if the farmers didn't want this law who else they trying to pass it for ...this bjp government is trying to sell our country to cooperates
Modi govt. Is playing with 
Modi gee, he is Youga purush, u first think about that
I am support farmer, I think that the all demand of farmer should accept
Farmers shown their strength.....
Farmers unity Jindabaad.
Modi knows give bashan in pages but zero action...
If modi failed to reform,i dont think they would another primeminister who would gather courage to reform agriculture. Its a big loss to country. I believe state should be given freedom to implement law. Big good changes always attract resistance
Farmers won't wear jeans...t shirts
Modi bhahk might be thinking these are Congress workers and not farmers...
Farmers Don't have IT cell, so they become victim of the Propoganda, unlike Political parties, So we have to stand for them to become their voice.
Tikait Phatoo tu election tho ladle 
TIKAIT CHACHA KI BAT SAHI HAI
Farmers of Punjab will show the meaning of democracy to India 
There are farmers of every religion in the protests sikhs, muslim, hindu and christians.
Farmers are selling tomatoes onions for 1rs per kg and we are purchasing them for 20 rs you decide whom this current system is profiting and I think  free market may help farmers get their fare share of price cause free market can't have lower price than msp if farmer has a choice between APMC and free market.  And clearly if msp and frp were helping farmers why farmer is suffering so much.
Where are those farmers who are being exploited and abused and are not paid with the fair prices.....why richest farmers of Punjab only ...... Where are those farmers from other states , why aren't farmers from other states protesting .... Ever asked these questions to yourself...
These farmers voted for bjp once now they are reaping the benefits.Hope they get the justice they deserve
these  farmers didn't see the virus but saw the harmless from the centre govt.
Farmers agitation is highjacked by militant groups, creating law& problem. Parliament sessions are there and many bills yet to pass. Punjab election ahead and captain wants to with drawn these lawas to join hands with BJP. Now opposition has no mudda and in discussion they have to show solution for farmers suicides in India other than punjab. Hence the government is withdraw the laws. 
Our support to students community for supporting   our Indian Farmer's. Three cheers for students. Community.  Jai Kissan Jai Jawan, Kissan brother's Zindabad
Modi is great man
Are they farmers?
Farmers never demand ed since,,1950 during last congress government n Janta Dal govt when late
Farmers are grate, they are fighting for every citizen of the India.
Modi was India's curse
All the farmers can do this farming system and growing your income.thanks for our honorable teacher Dr.Tripathi sir
Modi wearing a saree?
Modi want to increase profitability and productive but....
 farmers into super middleman and brokers for small farmers / Artiyas - a
Modi God of the India he
The farmers are rebels without a cause. The don't understand what the are fighting about. They are the shame of the nation
Ravish sir hats of 
Modi ji I'm feeling so sad, low and defeated (reg. farm laws repeal), though I know you're the most intelligent, most selfless, nationalistic and most experienced leader in the world...
We farmers oppose this antifarmer. Bill
Farmers were not alloted a place to protest. It was an open jail, farmers who went there were not allowed to come out
Farmers Protests was peaceful
This is what modi and his parties attitude towards farmers...
Farmers should have small meetings in villages & educate people. Farmers need MSP garntee law on 23 fassals. Vote ki chot. No vote for bjp. Bjp will loose state governments. Indian from UK.
Support for the farmers from Alabama USA!
Farmers - dismiss it otherwise we will destroy indian property as it costs nothing and we will ruin republic day which meant a lot respect to India
Rakesh Congress ka Chala Hai
Farmers have been committing suicide in India since the 1990s. What is the govt doing to help them? And why didn't the govt talk to the farmers before passing the Farm Bills? Is India a democracy anymore?
Why only Punjab farmers, why not farmers in south India and other states are protesting? This looks all politically motivated!
Who is Rakesh tekayet ?
Farmers be like : till now we've provided rice , ab humare lathi bhi taste kar le
Modi prepared->Hindhu-muslim ..... while farmers protest ->out of syllabus....
Farmers are asking for govt. help which is called regulation which govt. can not provide for the sake of corporates.
Farmers:Protest
Farmers poors Students workers have no idea about the power of Modi...
why are farmers building their own homes. They should make parliament their temporary residence.
Farmers are really hardworking, very strong and powerful. I hope they bring the change.
Farmers are simply asking for an assurance that MSP will continue and that they'll get electricity subsidies. 
What? That's a farmers union flag for you? Are you blind?
Farmers from other areas are not farmers!irony!!only haryana and Punjab have farmers ,do not find anything logical,SC is true and rational
Modi for is 2 Brothers , ADANI and  AMBANI.. not for  our FARMERS...if FARMERS  ask for they 3 UNLAWFUL FARMERS, MODI and His BJP  Gunda, will Ride a CAR'S  on them.. shame on you BJP. Jai Hind Jai Jawan Jai Kisan. 
Ravish Kumar is a Legend ...
FArmers want govt to BE WITH THEM, GOVT IS SAYING THESE PRIVATE PLAYERS ARE WITH YOU to take care of your exploitation. WAAH!
I support farmer protest, please keep on doing this or else i will have to leave my job and start doing journalism thought i dont know how to but atleast i can show truth
Farmers are given full freedom to sell their products to any one of their choice.
I did Rally on Route Given by police
Modi earned shame for India
Are Farmers only found in one state Harayana
Modi has to show iron hand 
Farmers hiting them is good but then police cannot do anything to these fraud anndata these are not farmers they are goons
Modi can't do anything on the wist of his ego otherwise his ego will always be breaking.
Farmers have been used by all political parties. 
Now punjab need freedom to india
There are some who do support Khalistan on the inside
Support truth support farmers support india
Support from Maharashtra  MarathaSikh
We are with farmers of punjab
MODI JI JINDABAD YOGI JI JINDABAD RAM RAM JI JINDABAD JINDABAD JINDABAD is 
We support farmers, will support them forever but rejecting good laws in not in national interest. Also, once this government loses majority (for good) next time, such watershed laws will once again become a dream. Plug the lacuna and move on !
Farmers deserve more respect than this.
Modi is indeed Extremely Shrewd Politician 
This modi's democracy!!!
I support Farmers 
Modi ji has failed once again on farmers and Sikkim village of India occupied by Chinese PLA
We all Support farmers 
The Farmers (Empowerment & Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill
Farmers subject to severe hardship and suffering, away from home for more than a year and stay in Delhi borders.
Who support this bill
Modi shame on you
Why MODI NOT TWEETING ANYTHING WHY HE NOT RESPONDING..
Our farmers are protesting for there rights since from the last 8 months without caring about the pandemic situation on the other side goverment and out beloved PM doesn't care about those people who covers the major part of over country the ordinances must be roll back and the MSP must be legalise by the Government of India with protection to there MANDIS.
I support Indian farmers 
Haryana and Punjab have joined hands , once again the two states are united more than ever . Such unity tells us that Punjab and Haryana are the same and incomplete without each other.
Now these farmers should also supports protest in Canada as emergency is imposed their.
Farmers never be a Murderer..... If they are real Farmers then why they killed 4 persons?
The farmers are so kind and wholesome.
Farmers suffer due to:  Dependency on rain, middlemen, unorganised market, transportation, labour, aversion by younger generation, fragmentation of land, No bargaining powers, victims of politics, drought, flood, landslides, low return on investment, fake seeds, adulterated fertilizers, No fall back insurance in case of crop failure, traditional methods of cultivation etc.
Modi g use pellets and tear gases which u use for kashmiris
Support the farmers
Most of the farmers give there land for cultivation on barter system
farmers asked for water to fight drought and they gave them this way
Modi is responsible for all this Chaos because of his Arrogance of Power.
Farmers cannot hold the Govt hostage to their demands !
Farmers will win Agar farmers hain to hum Hain
Only when all support farmers, then our nation will be a developing nation. Its really good explanation about farmers. Farmers are our sole energy of our nation. Let's stand with them.... as we all farmers..
 When Modi was just 11 years old, Indian Army liberated Goa and French-ruled Pondicherry , became part of India as a Union Territory.
Those farmers didnt even read the farm laws
the farmers are just saying kale kanoon and modi is bad. if same law would be brought by any other party everyone would be happy. there are some flaws and they can be amended as govt is open to amendments. 
Modi is a stuborn guy. He will not take this lying down, he will do something drastic which people cannot fathom - good or bad, can't say 
You are the modi media
Ravish ji..is the MSD of journalism
All farmers brothers and sisters deserve so much praise and support. 
Modi sir Great u and timing 
The farmers asking to repeal these laws completely isn't going to help the farming community in India. They should have asked for proper changes in areas of concern.
Modi, The Great Liar
What about the farmers who died,heshould pay compensation  to those families
Your farmers to vote congress.
I am with FARMERS 
These are Khalistan supporters
Support to our food and farmer's
I support this bill 
support fight for justice
We farmers just want obligatory right from Govt.not compulsion if any
Modi k maalik chahe toh we can do it anytime.
farmers also lost half of their support after the flag incident too
Farmers are not jobless to sit and protest, the middlemen can not cheat the farmers if the Farm Laws are enacted so they stage these with the opposition. 
what these farmers are doing in Uttar Pradesh? Case, Delhi Supreme court me Pending h, aur tum log UP me babal machane aagaye? Q bhai, UP me Election aagaya, to aagaye?
Is tikait economist why mediea air him without any cause
Modi ke really me hue thi kya social distancing ??
Tikait ji khoob experienced ho gayi hai 
.......BECAUSE THESE FARMERS ARE ALL RICH CHEATERS....AND OPPOSITION WILL BE ILLOGICAL AS USUAL AND READY TO FIGHT AGAINST GOOD....
We have farmers equal to total population of US
We support farmer's
Modi hai to mumkin hai and yet some andhbhakt will approve it
Modi air Modi Bhagat aur Godi Media toh abhee bhee kehtay hein kay jo Delhi borders per betthhay hein vo KISAN NAHIN hai .... ghor andhair issee ko kehtay hein!!!
Ravish kumar I love you
We support  farmers
If farmers are opposing it then what's the problem of taking back the bill? They don't want this 'gift' please take it back.
Rakesh Jee Tonic peete ki nahi nahi puchhte MADAM JEE . Aap Kya puchhte ho MADAM....
Modi loves Gujrat he's doing that on purpose
Other farmers must protest and demand these laws .
Farmers are right 
THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT
Farmers must not block traffic n highways n disrupt normal lives ! 
Ravish sir jaise journalist kash hamare desh ke aur journalist hote to duniya me number 1 hamra desh hota. 
Farmers are in distress bcoz increased social exp and exp  on inputs ( weedicide, use of combined harvesters even in Soyben, Mung Or machineries in aril operations, etc.) 
Modi its all because of u, if u will stick to government our India will break , step down
Are farmers celebrating republic day?
Support from Bangladesh..
Ravish is an honest journalist...and godi media is bjp employee
Modi Beating farmers, who feeds the nation 
Modi's Hindu nationalism is getting out of hand
Are farmers demands justified? What are your views?
Is Punjab the only state which does farming apparently I think more than half of India population is doing farming .. I dont see protest happening anywhere else ...
Farmers are not supporting this they say the people who did this are not affiliated with them they condemn such violence.
I support farmers 
What modi will get by this laws
Modi g apne aacha nhi Kiya..these are not farmer these are criminals..trust me .. situation in punjan is not good
Modi sir salute for this historical discision and now again we support 
Modi should stop his Mann ki baat and start listening to public's Mann ki baat
The farmers are Bravehearts 
RAKESH TEKAIT IS ONE OF THE LEGEND...
The farmers from the other states already living under poverty line and they dont even know what is MSP thats why they are not protesting. 
 Punjab Free electricity should , also , be given to Physically 
No farmers protests ..so 
Rakesh Tikait.. You're great you are far far ahead of many National leaders... Keep it up...
How rakesh tikit have more then 4700 crore property and assets
Farmers work close to God!
Farmers are our life line. They should be protected.
Modi is not chutiya
Farmers  have no time  to  protest
Farmers forgot that roads are meant for vehicles and not for protest.
farmers were concerned in future mandis will be removed, see our farmers can think of future how intelligent they r, but wait they cant think what will happen to the water level and soil in future, so remember these r not farmers
Modi is wise Abhijit , you should learn from history . Modi did a great job , Sikh is a different breed.
Haryana cm chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor
What the farmers are doing is correct, the day bjp lost bypoll, immediately our PM Modiji announced fuel price less and farmers law back, this is not done for the welfare of people , for the sake of election to win in next year , modi announced like this, 130 crore people know about this , it is election game , 700 farmers died, modiji didnot tell about them, this media is supporter of modiji , please madam don't shout , you are speaking on behalf of modiji and you are saying farmers are from Khalistan and terrorist, in this debate this media person is blaming farmers , supporting bjp and modiji, where was this media people from last one year
Farmers 
We support our farmers we are with our farmers
Haryana formers protest - lathicharge.
If farmers don't want to improve their life then left them to stay poor.
I support farmers right or wrong
Farmers are a pride Of india sharam ani chaiye apko kisan ke sath asa krtey hue
Modi should not have repealed the farm laws. Disappointed 
In Punjab Free electricity should , also , be given to Physically Handicapped as is given to Farmers , Dalits and OBC S.
Has Modi finally met his match in Indias farmers?  [asks] the UKs Guardian.
farmers are the second mother of every human being government should think twice on laticharge attacking farmers and senior citizens is not good
Modi is a genius at winning elections, but shits the bed in governance.
If farmers actually wants to develop then just stop  farming for 3yrs at any cost... No strike plzzzzzzzz...
Modi should be a standup comic.
I support FARMERS from Italyyour Pakistani VEER 
#Farmers Protest...
I am with the farmers "father of national".
The farmers are protesting in a peaceful manner.And more important they are protesting not just for themselves but for every common men because it will effect the common man the most.
Punjab mai total 47 government college hai and usme sirf 350 professor. and 11 government college ese hai ki jisme ek bhi professor nhi hai .
Me from punjab sad to see  innocent farmers fighting for  artia mafia .....sooner or later farmer get to realise benifit  of bill made by Congress implemented by bjp.....
So Khalistan protest ended. Jai hind!
The modi government is assuring that the  existing MSP system will not get  affected . So in which aspect the farmers are claiming that the new reforms are threatening to msp?.. If they are protesting this hard there must some sensitive hole in the reform which threatens the msp WHAT IS IT?
Farmers plights not addressed. All that is required is subsedized seeds. And MSP as per price index.
Support for the Farmers 
Ravish ji Modi do not speak as you want. He will talk and give his master strokes when it is right time.
Farmers are the power  of Politics and farmer are powerful than Prime minister 
Farmers can still sell their produce to anyone..!
Modi already said 2 years ago that he doesn't run the government for his benefit or his party's benefit. He said he is ready to take bitter decisions & take risks for the good of the nation. So, don't expect him to back down anytime now.
We're in support 
The farmers have proved that truth triumphstheir persistence, patience and integrity got them through.
Modi will become the President & pass on the mantle to either Amit Shah or Yogi ( tho he will be the second option )
From now,farmers should give answers to politician in the way they answered,
Farmers in India first of all does not face one issue but several leading to this dire state of them, these are dozens in number and will be very hard to tackle at ones, some of the notable ones includes small scale, consistent exploitation, adverse market forces, issues with distribution and supply chains, lack of access to finances and capital, climatic vulnerability, access to markets, etc just to name a few. As said, difficulties are many but we can broadly categories them to 4-5 core problems as most others just branches out of these core issues
I support farmers .
I support these agri reforms which basically empower the farmer, while taking away monopolistic power of aarhtiyas/commission agents who run APMCs as per their whims & fancies.
Rakesh tikait was hero to zee media , he was only topic  revenue was only bcoz of rakesh ji..
Now farmers will be represented by mandirs. Wow
This Farmers Bill is purely unscientific. This type bills won't work in India.
I support farmers!! Every sane Indian citizen must stand in solidarity with our farmers!!
Modi government is ditactor government...... Shame on  it...... Sharm kro....
Now farmers can't even protect . 
Farmers are becoming perfect patsy.
Farmers are on road for a peaceful march yet police stops them
If Modi Ji did all these for vote, I am sure BJP will never come to power in Punjab
Ye modi sarkar se to British achha tha
We support farmers.
UP, Punjab elections changed the stance! What else could be such a delayed response
Modi= agriculture has POSITIVE GDP, that why Modi brought ANTI farmers Bill to NEGATIVE GDP of agricultural setup
Modi is more interested in following instructions from US, not its citizens who voted him.
Punjab has to go for industrialisation and let the farming done by Haryana and mp.and who is funding this protest.
Farmers will have right to sell  anywhere in India rather than local mandi where they cant get profit.
The farmers are so aware about their rights and the govt is calling them misguided. Even they speak English, better than Modi. Hatsoff to our farmers. 
Modi has tremendous ego. Rabindranath Thakur said " those who are more incompetent have more ego". The same was said by Einstein that   EGO= 1/ KNOWLEDGE.
Modi is big danger for the region
We reject these laws ..
Modi BJP Government Biggest Failure in All Policies.
Punjab farmers are among the richest in the country and they have the most fertile land.. and protest was going on only in 2 states and not rest of the country... farmers in other states like maharashtra, Andhra pradesh etc are way too poor.. if u want to critise please give a proper analysis of entire bill and its effect on whole of India.. Rihanna and greta posted becuz they got paid by khalistan supporters..
Farmers will pull down the government.
We are with our farmers 
Why this farmers protest not in Congress and Opposition ruling States. Only around Delhi for more than one years by disturbing the normal life in that area
There will be no repeal of laws.
Farmers are God. They are our Annadata.Long live democracy. Long live India.
What a rubbish atleast show some sincerity to your job
Are farmers demanding action against the tradersvor middle men who are actually buying from farmers but selling to private players?
I'm on the farmers' side, greetings from China
Farmers protest is MORE farmer's....
ALL the farmers from every part of India should come to Delhi and join in the protest. Then they will not be called terrorists, Khalistanis or tukde tukde gangs.
I support farm law.
Modi is not good for anyone he just cared about what he think is good  leavdmodi
Rakesh tikat fake   , bicholi, broker of bipakshi birodhi ... May not have ploughed and hard worked ever in the fields to generate produce low cost yeild fasal for small tenant farmers.
Farmers ghode aur sword leke aaye the....wah bhai wah
Modi is not fool who will take bills without knowing politcal impact. 
They are Khalistan workers, arrest them
MODI JI is 2nd Best PM after Atal Bihari Vajpayee 
Modi ji fictional story bohot pdhte lgte h.....
If all the farmers continue protesting against the law, it would lead to food crisis in the country. Government should done amendments in the law. I personally support Punjabi farmers, love from Sargodha.
modi is the gift that keeps on giving to the pak army 
Ye tikait donot know about a b c d 
Farmers are the feeders of a nation. Any nation. Theyre the ones whom people like us rely on for our food. If you dont keep your farmers happy, if you do not incentivise the agricultural sector, how do you expect to grow as a nation?
Modi had to take his actions back
The farmers are the backbone of this country ,not the politicians? The farmers need to stay United and teach this government what Governance is??
We support in farmer movement..!!
Farmers nahin unhe sirf wheat belt farmers boliye. Woh saare farmers ke representative bhi nahin hain. Asli farmers baaki states ke apne farms par kaam kar rahe hain. In time pass no work waalo ko publicity mat dijiye
So that farmers shall always be able to sell in mandi at MSP prices.. we should work in this direction
Farmers: *Driving tractors like a boss
Farmers association should invest in big data analytics to predict the demand / prices to cultivate crop 
If farmers can develop coop society and own sales channels and consumers start buying from farmers....It can be helpful
Support tham
Punjab and Haryana want the monoply to continue so they can keep getting the money whilst the rest of the farmers die.
farmers should consider amendments .... passing new farm laws will be a hectic process , re appealing  of laws will harm govt image ... surely agriculture sector need reforms let it start this way . Any problem in future will sharply affect the govt chances to win ....
Support your family and suport with your parents and support farmers and support soldiers and support teacher these must be done in your life before you die and also respect them and be a good one then you will get good place in heaven good luck everyone 
Pehle farmers  maro jab vote ayega bill bapas lelo.matlab up election 
Ravish kumar jii, plz telecast about railway exams
* Farmers should no longer solely rely on govts. Farming should be a proud #business.
Modi fear from them
Farmers in bihar are worst hit.
We support unitiy of farmers
Where Is Ravish Kumar
If farmers stop producing for just one year...... every one will understand.
Khalistan is only solution for Punjab,
I support the farmers. 200%.
These farmers are doing this protest not only for thier childrens future but also our childrens future i pray for them from the bottom of my heart that we get succeed!!!!!
Farmers very much benefitted by this bill ,New era is  to be seen in the field of agriculture sector.
Farmers are not asking for khalistan. They're trying to save the country from Adanistan and Ambanistan
Modi Shah BJP government has been financed by Adani Ambani corporates hou
Farmers to Police:Unoreverse Card
Ravish Kumar Ji a beautiful   human being!! Guarding India  through true journalism    I thank you from the kisaan Majdoor EKTA unions of India 
We support Sikh farmers
Modi is a lion  ,who goes 2 steps backwards to jump 4 steps forward and kill his opponents.  I hope he does me right in future
Modi won't even make a fart without the permission of Reliance and Adani.
Farmers with weapons they should be jailed
We are farmers not terrorist
Punjab has people's leader in CM.Channi.
Tikait .... a farmer ..... i wanna start a doctor agitation. 
Farmers always keep their sign as a l King of lions.
Farmers sat in the colds for more than 70 days and government is still not ready to do the settlements and then what is the point of calling 'jai jawan jai kisan' in our slogans are they really important to us,indirectly government is also the reason for violence happened at the red fort,and yes violence in any form is unacceptable
Modi is unconstitutionally spending 25000cr rs on this very peaceful community to empower them.
Khalistan is near.
You support Farmer not bro..
Farmers win
i support farmer , Always kejriwal party right
FARMERS WILL PRODUCE WHAT IS IN DEMAND NOT LIKE TRADITIONAL RICE OR WHEAT ONLY
Farmers unite religion for survival 
Farmers 
Farmers were like: "This works in The Netherlands." 
If farmers dont want those bill then Modi have to listen. If these bills are for their benefit then absolutely it is their right to choose or refuse those bills and they refuse. Don't forget You are just because of public and I think you are fit on tea stall rather than the chair of PM.
Farmers should file complaint
Modi have two crucial property ie precise and concise anyone want to challenge him learn to decode and implement these quality in personality just wanted to give some suggestions to opposition...
Support farmers they are fighting for every citizen.
Support farmers for our future food at fair price
Tikait ,who him self  hails from UP , has sacrifice/ totally ignored  the interests of poor and landless farm labourers of UP , Bihar etc who come to Punjab etc and take agricultural field on lease /Theka from absentee including NRI land owners   Details of these landless tillers are not mentioned in the Revenue records / Girdawars  . Patwaris are bribed to state the names of absentee land owners including NRI s  as Khud Kasht - i.e. Actual tillers The migrant landless tillers  remain faceless , nameless and .helpless. .
Farmers have been protesting in the cold for 30 to 40 days in the freezing climate. Obviously the agitation will increase when nothing is done by government to amend the Bill's. Have some empathy comon
I support the Farmers thank you BBC
Modi govt doesn't seem farmers friendly..After passing the farmer amendment bill
We support farmers from our hearts.
I Support kissan from Philippines 
Farmers need to stop burning stubble.
So now Modi has also become anti national?
Farmers is farmer they give us food army police do not give us food
Modi... What a costume... What a acting...
the farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab and Haryana  there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers.  in Punjab and Haryana, the farmers are not only from from jatt caste or sikhs, there are also pundits, Brahmins , and dogar farmers in Punjab.  Farmers feed the nation, big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Ebany,  Adnany  . These big companies are  controlling Modi. These bills are designed to   make  each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmer will have no option to sell to another buyer due to logistics and resources , and  the big companies have the logistics and they  will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and  export to other countries. This  will cause  food shortage in India,because big companies will  able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the  business tycoons, and big companies. The GTS is hurting the small shops, small factories, Modi needs to be removed from his throne.
What was in Modi's mind when he promised "India Superpower 2025"? 
Rakesh Tikait is criminal he was involved in muzaffarnagar riots.
No farmers No food 
*I support the new kisan bil , because I support our farmers*
No farmers no food  no future
While farmers are coming to Delhi, Modi flied away to Hyderabad today  shameless modi
Modi didn't know and has no experience of dealing with the Jat-Jaat Power! These guys are martial races and will make history by defeating a fascist regime! Jai Hind!
Modi prepared for "Hindu - Muslim" while Our FARMER'S came out of the syllabus 
Now farmers around delhi for protest is 2.5 million
That support made this movement successfully. Lots of love and respect.
support the farmers by bringing these laws. the previous laws is a direct reasons why 30 farmers suicide every day . I hope the police and government take strict action against the thugs endangering the peace by protesting.. we need privatization . enough of corrupt mandi system..
THE FARMERS PRODUCE TRADE AND COMMERCE (PROMOTION AND FACILITATION) BILL, 2020
Farmers: why don't you listen to us. Are you deaf?
This is about farmers not politics. 
Repeal the bills they go back to their homes
Farmers carry seeds and fertilizer . Farmers don't carry Swords, Iron rods, Stones . Only rioters and hooligans carry Swords, Iron rods, Stones .
We support you
Farmers are protesting in a very decent manner without any hindrance to the public.
Modi govt should pay all damages because they never consult farmers before imposing law
Are they Farmers ?
Tikait ko jo fayeda ka business lagta hai wo kare, government  is bringing good reforms for small poor farmers. Rich farmers has many options. Tikait is himself crorepati
I support farming laws
 Modi did it to gain vote from farmers in UP, coalition with Singh in Punjab, definitely Mod and BJPi will Enter the PM office for Next General Election....Know the Logic Behind  any decision
Repeal laws doest mean that the laws are abolished! The laws can be turned back into action post Punjab and UP elections; its all about "vote bank".
Ravish claims for ground reporting. My advise to him to got to Kabul to have a first hand feel whether Taliban is terrorist or not. Need not to blame social media, and general public. He himself is contradicting - If Afghanistan is in crisis and Afghani are in deep trouble then how come Taliban are good. Killing the innocent people may be good for Ravish not for any sensitive human being. This is high time he should ask these questions himself.
No farmers, no food.... Dont ignore their peaceful protest since last so mny mnths
Jab modi peeche ht gya to Twitter, Facebook walo ko frzi profiles mil gai. Pehle whi frzi profiles twitter or Facebook ko asli lg rhi thi
Farmers who lost their lives what you can do for their families now.  
He Modi now need votes badly for coming state election.
   A. punjab state governments who charge 3% cess for district 
Modi ji ki beard kam hui wese hi petrol price or attitude bhi kam ho gya.. he is good pm but can be best if he takes care of indian economy and people more properly.. 
Our Farmers did not bother anyone in Delhi, they fed Delhi homeless. They showed once again that they are the one who grow the food to feed us. Thanks to Famers to feed the whole world.
Why farmers are get beaten who produce food for us. The same food who buy to eat in country everywhere. It is like beating mother who feeds food ro us. It's really sad to see ...
No farmers No food
Again PUNJAB is saving INDIA, so everybody should understand that it's always politics trying to divide us by saying us khlistani, We need to get modi and his GODI media know that we have given them sky and now well hit them back to Ground
 When Modi was about 17 years old, the foundation of the Green Revolution was laid and farmers harvested the first crop of high-yielding wheat.
In Haryana its 1950, in UP its 2200-2300, but a consumer pays 4500-4800 per quintal (i.e. per 100kg), but the new laws do not promise MSP, please read all three laws. Its my request to all before commenting on anything, these laws are very easily downloadable from google. please read them and then everybody whose read will come to know that Farmers are right as just talking about 2 most important clauses, hoarding and black marketing of cereals, pulses, potato, onion are no longer unlawful(Acc. to ), and farmers cant file a case in court if their payment is not made [Acc. to ].
Farmers needs more help from us 
Modi fired nation isko hato
Terrorist are briefing in press conference but the prime minister of. India not.       JAI KISSAN
Farmers bill 2020 provisions are very good for  farmers, they should be implemented in all willing states  of India  ( on state level  ) ......in my opinion 
I support our farmers and stand with them
The farmers should not come under modi words he is a liar liar he want only vote .
Tikait is very good leaders.farmer
I support farmers I stand with farmers
When Modi government did not bulge nor met Tamil Nadu farmers when they put their demands in Delhi,  she says she was trying to the very end for Modi would bulge. Bull shit...where this lady went when TN farmers agitated... now its for Punjab farmers she resigned...
Tikait confused..
Haryana n punjab farmers r d richest farmers in India......... so not getting  emotional...... but msp should be there i guess govt. should be clear
Farmers : Let us show the world how powerful we can be
Modi should also make "One Nation One Road Tax" 
I support bjp in every aspect...but i want govt solve farmers problem..i m not farmer to understand the problem yet i want farmers get maximum benefit...
modi should step down
Punjab BJP government hota hee too aise nehi hota. Congress ka pura support.  Congress desh barbat kiya economically
Punjab is land of bravery
We are farmers, with full confidence, which strong wills,and,will, struggle,unto, last breath.( Jammu and Kashmir, Kisan and fruit growers wellfare federation)
I support taliban..... Yogi teri himmat he...
Rakesh Tekat is the dual face man I have ever seen...he went Rajasthan but dnt comment or highlighted their issue on any news channel...
Farmers Rights must
MODI, NITISH & Godi confident to win Bihar with 213 seats fixed in EVM. 
Support or selling are different things 
Farmers are rioting 
Farmers hmare desh ki lifeline h fir v log chup hai...kya wo roti nhi khate ??
woh to haryana me baithe the delhi me to ek inch bhi nhi gye
Farmers are doing democratic protest
support the farmers
Farmers of India 
We support farmers ..
Farmers are always in lagging stage , yes this law might have dragged them to more lag, but it is also real, it's the victory of middle man anyways. This law must have helped big corporates, but now without law, it will be continuing helping to  traditional middle man(agitators of protest) 
He he Modi Bhagat , his always favour modi govt ,
How can you repeal something meant for the whole country just because one community? Not everyone in this country is a sikh.
   A. punjab state governments who charge 3% cess for district developement will loose around 15000 millions 
Farmers doing what they think is right and police is doing their duty to earn for their family..it's the one who is sitting in AC room eating amazing foods and just giving orders to stop them..instead of finding a way to calm this situation
We support farmers.. These 3 laws will affect each and every poor and middle class person. These laws are designed to make farmers slave and give the monopoly of food production, and control over supply and demand to few big capitalists.  This will create inflation rate skyrocketed and hunger, starvation will become the biggest problem in India since majority of the people would be unable to eat and fulfill their basic needs. Farmers will sell at the cheapest price and we consumers, urban people will buy their production at insanely inflated prices. It will generate more and more poverty and unequal wealth distribution which is already in a disastrous condition
Khalistan Khalistan and Khalistan alone is the only solution to protect Sikhism and Churhda Punjab.
I support Modiji and his decisions.
Support Farmers. 
Ravish is the real Iron man of New India!!
Now other farmers will protest to get them back
Only Punjab, Haryana and W. UP has opposed.
Our farmers sleeping on road in cold and rain, 20 farmers died. It's so sad we are suffering because of our own government.
And as Modi said in the parliament, our dear Sikh brothers did a lot for our country than any other community (besides TATA's/Parsis aside), they give their blood for its safety on the borders and no one can deny this. They are the most respected, jovial, and loved community across India. Let us sit and talk about what can be done alternatively that will not cause any major loss to them.
Now again farmers will sell tamato for 4 rupees. Congrates india we have again proved that we can never develop amd continue to live with colonial mindset.
No Farmers 
this is only for Punjab and up elections
No support to broker middleman mandi walas
We support PM, farm laws are good
Punjab vich Aam admi party win b.j.p out 
Modi is showing the talibani taktiks against our farmers
Modi is great work slute Naman. We proud of you
Support and salute for this brave work and journalism chaukidar chore hai evm hatao bjp rss godse ki aulad bhagao desh bachao bjp rss sold India modi maut ka saudagar amit shah tadipar aditya nath terrorist are spreading terror root out of the country and send to Pakistan bycott ambani Adani lala ramdev products bjp rss ke sc st obc ke piththu mps bidhayako ki kutai save constitution and democracy jai jawan jai Kishan jai mazadur jai sambidhan
Farmers should sell their own produce as a cooperative
Modi let them win modi has enough power to win but after that not some farmer protester but a whole commuty is going to be degraded in global level and that respect toward community is turn down
Modi government Jindabad.
Modi has nothing to do with Hindus .Everyone watched his response post bengal hindu genoccide .Never spoken on Hindus welfare .Support yogiji,the only one hindu openely supporter .
We support Kisan Protests from Denmark
Farmers are also citizens of India. The govt. should have to understand the reason of protest and people who eat today should thank a farmer. Violence is not a way to solve problem and farmers well know it. But indian govt. is not ready to confess its mistake.
#Support_Farmer_if_you_eat_food
Modi didn't want to lose more votes apparently.
That's why only Punjab and Haryana's farmers are protesting.....
We support our farmers...they are food givers....we all should support them....
Farmers are going to stay here 
These farmers are actually from Punjab and Haryana
Punjab was lost in Congress time to terrorism and dissent nt. This protest is a continuation of dissent and national betrayal.
We support farmers... 
Farmers need to store their commodity for atleast two months
Farmers should withdraw their protest on 3 farm laws because as per PM these laws are good for farmers. So let them try and live with these laws and if there is any problem after an year or so, they can start fresh agitation pointing the  real problem evidenced.  Then the Govt cannot turn a blind eye towards farmers.
But farmers won't go back till MSP is covered under Law, despite having repealed these Laws.-As said by BKU leader
Farmers in India are fighting for their freedom, against modi dictatorship
Some farmers ka nahi balki India whole farmers ka revolution tha modi ji
Farmers can protest peacefully,
Modi is a very egoistic person. He must be having some other plans to screw unsuspecting farmers.
Rakesh tiket making alot of money from these protests. And he is coming in a political party.
Rakesh Has expose himself badly again. If he again goes for election, people will give him less than 1000 votes. Sad to see government has repealed the reformist laws aim for poor farmers. God bless India .
The farmers agitation  getting support from all corners of the society. Success is eminent now.
Punjab just kept fulfilling the requirements of wheat and rice for whole india but couldnt do enough for itself. . 
Modi ki election hue tab where social distance and mask ?
Ravish kumar is a real indian he looks for his country...2nd man was also very nice ..blaming taliban without knowing them is foolishness,they r gd people they want shariya in their country and want to gv women their rights according to Islam..but in previous reign they were unable to do that coz they had to fight with other groups generated by USA and india
This is farmers awakeness . Big effect on consumers so we should support our farmers .
Modi pranked nation badly.  Nation lost and reapeal will damage punjab and haryana more than anyone.  If reforms can taken back by anarchy tjen nations progress is in danger.
Now farmers have negotiating power in Mandis ?.  We have seen farmers throwing on roads when the price of tomato crashed to less than a rupee at Mandis.  They could not even recover transportation cost, where was negotiating power.  Now the mandi cartel decides what rate.  If existing system is so good or just good, why are farmers committing suicide.... Oppose for the sake of opposing or opposing is itself an opportunity to make money...
Why the modi government is turning a deaf ear to the plight of the farmers
I support the farmers but this happened on Indias Independence Day thats what Wrong to do specially what happened at the red Fort kinda reminds me of Trump supporters trashing the capitol building
We support farmers rightful agitation against draconian new farm bill
Farmers won=India won=BJP lost
Farmers are doing protest peacefully , they did nothing and still welcomed with tear gas
Rakesh Tikait is great farmer leader like his honourable father
farmers holded a good debate. they are answering all question nd are totaly well informed.
We support Farm Law, and BJP Government
But farmers are not understanding this.
Farmers, Congress and AAP shocked 
Repeal the laws of Kisan dont want it
Those farmers laws aren't draconian in nature. Actually, it's exactly the opposite. Those laws are boon to the farmers.
we support farmers and yes it was good idea to show your strength and should have burnt down red fort--- 
We are with our  farmers
Farmers r working in fields...not protesting.....all foreign funding to unrest in india these things r happening...
Farmers had lack of commercial education about agriculture, Investment and technology, then farms laws showed the farmers to leave the agriculture sector, but today farmers showed, they are becoming educated, this is very good. A big revolution as 21st Century demands for India is on the way.
We support Modiji. Let each state decide what they want. Some Gunda States andcfactions are trying to control. Label every states agricultural products and then the electorate will show how much the laws are required
I support my farmers.
#Farmers protest
As farmers if we are still dependent on a company/govt to solve our problems it would never happen. Lets do it ourselves. Lets come together to create fpo with no entry for politics inside it to make sure it benefits the farmers with policies created by the farmers. The policy makers are never farmers and they never understand the ground reality, so let the farmers make it themselves and contain it locally.
All farmers who are supporting this, and those who didn't support this,
Modi did right. Modi needs Sikhs regiment for China front. There was a rebel goin on in Sikh regiment as well. Modi will bring back the bill in a diff form.
Haryana, lots of love from Punjab
Modi is uneducated and he has destructed the whole Country. My heart bleeds that Punjabi cannot go to their own CAPITAL. This is not democracy.
The farmers are adamant...not ready to come to a compromise..especially the farmers from Punjab....they are arrogant..basically they more rich than farmers from other states..
Modi and Amit Shah should resign for failing to safeguard Red fort from incursion during Republic Day.
Farmers protested very peacefully for a long period but government didn't heed to their needs.  Many farmers died due to the cold weather conditions.
Farmers ,reduce their production volume. 1 better land owners cultivate only in quarter land. Reduce the availability of products and make the life a hell in urban living.Then the blind rulers open their eyes
It is KHALISTAN FLAG on THE RED FORT 
Farmers are of the view that the reforms were made only for the benefit of the few and they were going to suffer the most as a result of such reforms.
Why then are farmers in Punjab growing rice because of subsidized power and water. That system needs reform badly.
No farmers no food 
"Farmers across the country" - No dude, it's a sect of farmers/middlemen
Modi will find ways to distract Indians, he will need TO CREATE SOME MORE BORDER WARS.
RAKESH  TIKAT  JINDABADD
What about the farmers who died while protesting?
Tikait ji a Great  Leader.
Modi actually showed that do anarchy and get whatever you want and  he has no bones. How he will fight china he cannot controle anarchy in his own country. Let it be Shahin Baugh or farmer uprise.
Farmers are dying because of this type of politics
We support farmers
Now farmers have well knowledge now they'll never batoo may nhi aye ga kabi bu
All farmers are not against it only some communities are
Rakesh ticket Kitna jhutha hai 
Modi Ji kitne udas lag rhe h..  I M with u sir till my last breathe... Our pm our pride.
we support you modi
I support my dear farmers ..
Modi did the right thing.
I support the bill
Rakesh Tikait jee is a great people's leader of the Country .  Kisan - Mazdoor Ekta Zindabad ! 
Modi talks brave in India specially in his election rallies, but doesnt have the spine or is at loss of words with the Taliban situation.
All Farmers Support to Congress Party 
Farmers, Modi's repeals are no use as your status quo is not changed better. Learn from Naxalite to guard your rights.
The farmers demands are genuine.Appreciate your efforts to show the real things happening out there.
farmers income should rise imo pls explain abt pros and cons in layman language (some one literate and knowledgeable pls) apmcs ,storage ,ration,msps  did help but will they be required in the future ( most of the farmers are poor) ?? explain frm environmen,t conservative(social,societal) and modern  points of view
Now Farmers Are Terrorists  ? Wah Modi Wah
I support Farmer's Protests. I also supported CAA protests. They all work as Star-Pracharak events for Modi and BJP because these protests create a strong feelings of nationalism among common people (which normally remain dormant) of India and make BJP stronger. These protests also work as filter that clearly separate out who is for the country and who is against it.
Modi government has to change the policies he has released.
Modi has stuck with some of his toughest positions, demonetization and lockdown being the most criticized. I don't believe that he needed to back off for political games. UP is strong under Yogi. There's something else happening in Punjab and we really should wait until the dust settles. There is no need to try and analyze it with such knee jerk reactions. AIM I believe is anti-Modi but do you have any alternative?
I'll support the farm bills if anyone can explain how the govt is going to handle all of the below listed points (copied from a fb post). I still won't support the way govt treated the protesting farmers (over 160 died in 2 months while on protest)  -
Ravish sir is a whole university for journalism students.
This is how modi government work. Taking big decision at one go so that other party didn't even understand how to respond to that. Masterstroke !! 
When farmers: please stay safe, we are with you..
Haryana thx for food. Jai Bharat. 
Tikait will have to explain lot when  his wealth is accounted for.
Farmers are Punjabi and Haryana other states are  only small holdings
Farmers feeds this nation politicians don't.
Farmers protesting continue from last 2 month but BJP government not listen farmers demand
In Punjab,  Congress  is not coming back to Power.  Its clear  no Political  Party wants development  in the Country. Do we need such Democracy in this Country??
We Support The Bill.
Farmers are fighting for middle class families also
If farmers have to earn more money consumers must be willing to pay more for food
FARMERS Don't NEED OUR SYMPATHY THEY NEED OUR RESPECT & WE OWE THEM THAT RESPECT
Modi infront of camera :- ek call ki duri par hu
MODI should resign now....
we support u
I support my farmers
I SUPPORT farmers of India
Farmers have done their job now our turn to crush these Modi media.
We support always with farmers
Farmers have actually made it easy for the dominant middle men who have monopoly and mint money. Had they understood the law, they would have realized it was not against them.
Modi media just shut up and learn how to speak the truth.
Rakesh dakait is afraid of debating
If Farmers Are Protested Against Bill Why Government Is Not Looking On What Could Be done to Handle This Situation And Hear Farmers Demand
Farmers need to be made Financially Strong and needs to be respected. Salute
Farmers given choice to sell directly outside mandis - might harm their interests as they are not educated how to protect their interests 4. Might lead to exploitation by rich businesses and debt trap - as the businesses will be their mai baap 5. Commodificaton of agriculture - might lead to food insecurity 6. Previous steps - APLM Act - more than 15 States adopted it's provisions to give farmers choice of sale outside Mandis but not many farmers reaped it's benefits Swaminathan committee - MSP should be C2 + 50% but not implemented correctly Santha Kumar committee - only 6% farmer HH get benefit of MSP More than 65% paddy and wheat growers don't know about Govt procuring grains 2019 - Maha 3927 suicides - highest in country despite loan waivers and reforms India - 10281 suicides - 28 suicides a day. So, practical implementation is the key.
Farmers have won early deserting of their lands. Emotions over intellect
Modi yogi should resign immediately.
Modi lost the battle after calling farmers terrorists and after more than thousand farmers died during protest Rahul Gandhi and opposition won the battle against the farmers Law
Farmers categorisation by GoI (marginal (upto 2.5 acre or 1 ha, small( 2.5 acre to 5 acre, semi medium 5 to 10 acre, medium 10 to 25 acre and large ( above 25 acre) needs to be revoked. 28 lakh farmers of Rajasthan who owns more than 5 Acre land are not getting benefit of loan waiver or benefit of other govt scheme like EBC reservation, etc. Kisan leader are not aware about these issues.
Farmers will have to ensure this government does not start covert plan B against them
Modi is the best pm
I support the protest. Law se ab kuch nhi hoga... Sirf appeasement hi hota hai bharat mei
Farmers have to learn new modern techinique for farming like in isreal austrilia and Canada 
 MODI  is  TAANASHAH 
Who is here after farmers placed a flag in red fort
Modi ji my salute to you. Your humbleness will win one day. God bless you.
Farmers are fighting against government/ media/bhakts and with corporates .
Farmers dont just work until the sun goes down, They work until the job gets done.
In Haryana every farmer knows about msp
# I support farm laws
Farmers has made gaddars run from the spot...
Modi and yogi has become general dayer of independent india
Farmers Protest proved, People's Power, also proved that people in power are our elected representatives
Now Khalistan and (drug)farmers protest makes sense doesnt it? Jai bharat matha. Jai shri Ram. Jai Namo
When farmers are paid 6 months after they weigh sugarcane in the sugar mills. Then why they are not paid the interest rate as per the bank rates. Because, when the farmers are bound to pay interest rates on the loan they take out from banks.
No farmers no food no feature
Ravish ji's Prime Time is always energetic, to the point and powerful.
Farmers have right to sell their crops wherever they want... That's freedom.... Also n advise to VOX y don't u compare the farming policy with America's n Europe's policy.....
When the farmers were happy with this bill, you got this bill back.
Why modi brings farmers laws...
Support from Pakistan 
Farmers now are at middle men mercy. Let them eat shut if they they want to.
Modi is a great strategist there must have been a good reason for him to withdraw. We need to trust Modi. Losing UP  could be devastating for BJP. India needs Modi  & BJP.
support protest all around the globe....WWG1WGA
we support frmer 
Farmers win, you win,God is great
Farmers are at fault? What this guy talking, same like modi
Modi gi can do never make fool indian farmer , , because all indian farmer  , because   farmer has super mind than modi gi
MODI KE PAISE ADVANCE AA GYE LAGTE HAI NAI NAI SORRY AMBANI ADAANI KE BHUL GYA THA 
Farmers are winner.we all are with farmers. They are real heroes
by Modi government the slogan is Jai Jawan, JAi Digitalise and farmers stop farming, we want to totally remove you from India!
The Farmers Agreement Ordinance creates a framework for contract farming through an agreement between a farmer and a buyer prior to the production or rearing of any farm produce.  It provides for a three-level dispute settlement mechanism: the conciliation board, Sub-Divisional Magistrate and Appellate Authority.
farmers brave winter but india todays bi product ajj tak's cowardly  facts .. dont try make people foolish..all know your propagonda through your ajj tak..lol
Rakesh Tikait  Sir Great Farmer Hitaishi
I support farmer But what he did was not right who ask him to bring sword.... Protest m talwar kon lata hai it's a piecefull protest...
The Modi-led BJP government took this step after the vote.
Modi.. The PM of businessmen!!!?
Support laws
Farmers: Enough is Enough
Farmers peaceful agitation should be allowed,Govt should hear them and support their cause after all it is the peoples Government, please try to solve their problems, without any police force.
If farmers dont want this law, why force it on them??
No farmers no food 
Modi is a clown.
Modi is making fool farmers don't forget about martyard people
Farmers across india ?
If the farmers want to suffer, let them. What else? Finally, it is the farmer who lost.
Support farmers for your own food in future
Farmers made their own loss in the influence of middlemen. 
SUPPORT farmers of the.. This..is.. DECTERSHIP..cac.nnot... accept...I... public s.. this.. democracy... India...
Modi ji......You have done good work for kishan.
Rakesh Tikayath he is living for Jawan and Kissans. Am from Kerala and Ex Army person. Jaat we have enjoyed it in army being a South Indian. Jaat is true
Farmers should not think that he care for them.
Modi is great man jisne garib kisano ke baare me sochha and farm law repeal kar diya. ...warna wo to kisi ko nahi chodne Wale top leader hai....
Khalistan movement has started for sure now !!
we are with farmers.................. roti par business mat karo
Farmers are right
Modi succeeded in bringing the bill, WE failed to deserve it. 
I support Rakesh Tikait on this matter.
*Where is Tikait, RaGa and* *Sharad pawar*  ??
Farmers its my urge Never forgot the words govt used for you When time comes take revenge in elections
MODI  RAJ  JUNGLE  RAJ  
Farmers are in the field...they are politically motivated "farmers"..
Modi Govt has done appreciable job in coming up with the bill to resolve most of the farmer issues. 
Farmers should put a halt to its production. Bringing the govt to a complete halt
Who support BJP
The farmers were very very happy before the green reforms of the 60's; in fact the farming states were the wealthiest in India. Not unhappy and looking for government help as you stated. 
Farmers should stay in the Protest
Farmers are rights
Punjab will face ground water shortage due to excessive rice farming.
Modi be like : This is business 
The Punjab was chosen as the battleground against hunger. Enterprising Sikh farmers worked hard to Create what we know as the green revolution.
No farmers, No food, no future.
Support Farmers 
Modi,BJP government bhagao desh bachao
There are some farmers protecting police officers but no police officer is protecting any farmer.
NOW OTHER FARMERS WILL COME PUT AND PROTEST AGAINST THIS MOVE. MY GOD INDIA NEED SOME SERIOUS HELP.
Now  after modi rapil law
Modi has let down intellectuals  like Kapil Kumar,Kapil Kapoor, Sanjay Dixit  ji,Abijit & people like me stupid.Unfortunate act,will open the lid of the Pandora box!
Modi & gang could not read the Farmer's exceptional determination & resolve...
Farmers hai to hum hai
I support kisan protest from east U.P.
No Farmers,
Our farmers have once again showed us how to win by protesting peacefully.
And I support this law, but this is not right time for implementation because of lack of awareness among farmers . Government should start some courses for farmers and educate them how to improve in their skills and manufacture some products at home
Rakesh ji Congress party mein join hone wala hai Congress ka Pradhanmantri Banega ab Rakesh
Rakesh sir your are right
Farmers have won bless them 700 have died and now on our Guru Nanakji gurprab modi as done a u turn asking the farmers to go back home but farmers will stay until they get in black and white 
Support Indian farmers.
Farmers... who has protest from beginning to end, Salute to them you all are warriors..you are a example of democracy.....Jai hind Jai jawan Jai kisan 
Modi had to bow down to the power of the farmers.
Repeal black farmers law
Farmers' movement hijacked by khalistani supporters and middle men of Punjab . Pakistan is unable to disturb Kashmir .Hence they are trying covertly to destabilise Punjab by supporting the khalistanis.It was the Khalistani flag which the rogue farmers unfurled on Red Fort.Bhagat Singh and our freedom fighters didn't die so that the Khalistani flag can be put up on Red Fort.This is unacceptable.
The Farmers Unrest is a Major Concern in India and the Police Brutality against the Agricultural and Farming Community in Haryana is Shocking. 
Rakesh.daket.chor
Rakesh tikait is giving logic answer to godi media, who is one of the face of BJP. Moreover He is very far from the code of actual journalist conduct.
This Tikait is dalal of opp parties and getting huge money as dalali and through  such tactics became so super rich in very very short time, he is defaming  jats and also isolating them. This is CAA type drama which was also funded and it will also die in same way.
Up and Punjab election is coming hahaha dont fool Indian and farmers
Repeal of law is a loss to the real farmers and the nation.
Tikait demonds as type of Deshdrohi
Farmers still have the option to sell their produce to anyone
I support this officer
We are with the farmers
Tikait is a senseless petson. He cannot place conditions for moving out of the border picketing. This is also contempt of Court.
The Farmers are fully cognizant of the implications of the draconian farm laws thrust upon them without a debate/ consultation. Thanks for starting the conversation with Delhites.