KISAAN.H.TABHI.TUM.SAB.HO.AGAR.WO.SIRF.APNE.LIYE.ANAJ.PAIDA.KAREGA.TO.TUM.MARNE.KI.KAGAR.PAR.AAJAWOGE...MERE.KISAAN.DOSTO.POLICE.KE.BHESH.ME.BJP.AUR.RSS.KE.KUTO.SE.SAMBAL.KE.RAHO.JAI.HIND.JAI.JAWAN.JAi.KISAAN.
TV9 bharat channel is godi media channel so I am not watching TV9 bharat news & dislike this channel.
we are against modi and yogi
bills were good win for khalistanis
I'm here before people start calling Trevor "pakistani" and "khalistani"
Modiji Is not opened to Discussion, this 
Love from Kissans more called by media ( Khalistanis ) 
Biased story and Godi media
Modi ji ye log to khalistani or desht rohi the kissan thodi na the to fir q ghar jane de rahe hai oh acha ab samjh aaya UP mein election hai na
Thum logo ka headlines hamesa se varkaw rhata hai. That's all are farmers ok and indian. Logo ki chah nahi hai ok.
Bhai ye sab bjp walo ne kia hai police ke support mein
        OMG ! Pardon me for voting BJP in the last elections on the behest of Badal Dal
Zee news is BJP news
"Happy Democratic Tractor Rally Day" KHALISTAN
But but how can Modiji give the Anti national, Khalistani, foreign funded terrorists what they wanted?? What??
Kick out Achedin Terrorist Govt....Jai Kisan
This is rise of Sikh Taliban (khalistani) .
Assertion: BJP loses by poll elections
Aaj tractor Aur kisan Road par Hain 
he Shiromani Akali Dal (Badal) president Sukhbir Badals wife Harsimrat Badal who is promoting her act of quitting Modi cabinet as big sacrifice against three farm bills introduced in Parliament, made a U-turn saying she never said the bills were anti-farmer.
Farmers ko samjhana chahiye tha,,, amendment to a66a hain...usko parliament me discussion k through karna chahiye tha...
Zee news official spokesperson of BJP
Baba to ab bjp or modi vorodhi ho gaye h  channel ben hone se baba ki ankhe khul gai
Election aate he BJP wale sudhar gaye hai 
Such a great leader rakesh tikait
Its high time Mr.Modi should resign.......i think Mr.Adityanath should take over as PM of India.....
Muh me ram bagal me chhura.......bachpan me suna tha, ab BJP ne sach kiya.. i am really proud of you Modiji...... 
Sahi Kiya....Ye Kisan h...ye pure politician h in the name of kishan
Because of election modi
Election -Jeevi Sarkar, sirf election ki bhasha samajta hai 
I believe this is a political masterstroke on BJP's behalf. There are elections in Punjab and UP in 2022 so ek teer do nishaane for the BJP.
Even Indian PM Narendra Modi still not come and visit them once. 
india should boycott BJP and educated logo ko he politicians banana chahiye jo india ko development me help kare aur logo ki baat samjhe aur soney
Akhilesh jee aap india ke College se padhai kijiye..phir cm ka election ladiye...
Generally govt employees are not getting public support as kisan because they are not cooparative to public.
Isliye repel hue qki up k bahut sare  villages me bjp walo ko aane he nhi de rhe the gaw wale in farm laws k karan isliye ab election k liye repel krna he pada
Agar pehle wala bill sahi tha to kisan suicide q krte the
Remove BJP and save Country.Remove EVM and save Democracy.Godi Media Murdabad.
I remain Abhijit s fan but I do think I will give Modi ji more credibility than he is giving for this decision. This is Air India moment for Abhijit 
What a shame! Heartbreaking . Boycott BJP - RSS save India.
Rakesh Tikait was so savage. Loved it. 
Ask every  Pharmaar to submit Income tax return and give tax free for income from Agruculture only. Then you will see how many farmers are within POOR   category.
Overconfidence ho gyi hai bjp k support me y security milne p ..
Shameless and Arrogant Prime Minister. According to BJP, Democracy starts and ends with Election.
Obvious election gimmick but relief for now .Hope Punjab doesn't vote for them though
Mr.Sree guru . If national security reason drones carrying drugs and weapons and they wanted to avert a big incident in Punjab . Then why open kartarpur corridor. It's like let's go towards Mumbai to go to Calcutta. Kudos to Abhijit iyer. Modi wants a record third terms without 50+ lok sabha seats in up BJP might lose 2024.  BJP is losing security deposits in bypolls
Punjab and UP election on way so...
Election ane wale ye so caleed kisan or aag lagayenge abhi to up me
Contract banane ki process me VLE's ki help honi chahiye farmer ko 
Jo Kam Desh ki opposition party aur media nhi krpaya wo Kam Rakesh ticket g ne Kia he.
Similarly jab kisan ye bills nhi chahte to kyu unpar ye thope jaa rahe hai?? 
Election is nearing in UP and Punjab
Pehle to yeh bill repealed karna galat hai
M.S.P.Lagoo hona chahia or Our P.M. ko M.S.P.Par Kanoon banana padega You Know What is M.S.P.  msp is .... Govt rate of wheat..1975.00 per qtl par AAj se 3month Apke wheat ka rate kya the 1570.00. Per qtl.our other krishi jins jiski rate bharat sarkar ne tay ki he to. Govt of india Har Kishan ki crop ko M.R.P. you know mrp but i say to you  now ajeetji you know what is msp or mrp
HORRIFIC....Ye sab congress, baki partia karwa rhi hai.... BJP to clear victory pe hai..... Shame killing kaise justify ho sakti hai
Yogi ji is always right 
_Even after organiszing crowded mass political rallies he lost in Bengal elections, he don't want the same fate in coming Punjab & UP elections_
kisan itne nalle nai hote ki 2 months tak bethe rahe, mere gav me toh kisan khus hain iss 3 law se, delhi border par bethe kisano me kisan toh 20% hi he, baki toh congressi gunde, bicholiye,modi virodhi he, kisan Union ne khud kaha ki unki rally me koi bahar se log aa gaye he, 
*(Isliye godi media anchors ko public like nahi karti,tumhari news thik nhi hai... today what happened with  chitra  tripathi )*
Question for bhkts - now protesters are khalistani  or kishan
Anchor Sudhir Choudhari you are not dying any debate Petrol. Gas enemploy ment. Etc. you are BJP spoke person. God I media. - Dislike you & Your Chanel
India Today has become a spokesperson for BJP
Shri Modi ji ko salute.  He is greatest son of soil.  I share the feeling of shri Modi ji. 
I'm disappointed with BJP's decision to repeal the laws..
bold n brave leader...ch.Rakesh singh tikait
Guy's they are not a farmer's are they are just a political game in this game the innocent public are getting hard jago chutiya public modi ji ki jay modi ha tho moumkin ha you ful hopeless public kab jagoga sab app logo ka dam pa kar raha ha sarkar tho da rahi ha lakin ya chor sala sab kha latha ha jagoo fir sa bol rahahu jago public or bhi kisaan ha is desh may aram sa  ha jago,jay hind jay bharat
Elections as gye h,ab na chalegi modi ki niti..
This govt will block roads, paths, pass ways for Delhites to win cheap publicity. Fie on this govt to provoke and instigate farmers against the Delhi public. Chaddi baaz. Fie on them.
They are Tractor-Terrorists
we need farm bills to be implemented
we support the government the farm bills are right
the government is right the bills are good for farmers
the govt should not listen their demands these are fake protestors
why the protestors are not wearing a mask
where is social distancing
they are not farmers they are khalistanis 
these are not farmers these are khalistani terrorists
they are protesting without knowing the reality 
rakesh dacoit is doing this for publicity
rakesh tikait is such a fraud
fake news by ravish kumar always against the govt
ndtv always tries to defame the government
this is not win of farmers but win of middlemen
why only punjabis are protesting this does not include the whole country
hume farm bill chahiye
hum sarkaar ke sath he farm bills sahi he
ye sub nakli kisaan he modi ji inki baat mat suno
modiji should not listen to these protestors
modi and yogi zindabad
khangress kisaan ko bhadka raha he
jai shree ram modi sahi he
ye sub khalistani he muje pata he
janta ke paise barbaad ho raha he inki wajah se
they are wasting tax payers money sub aatankwadi ha
rakesh tikait kisano ko bhadka raha he
tractor chadha diya ye kaisa andolan he
modi ji ne kuch soch samajh ke bill wapas liya hoga
ye kisano ki haar he sub middleman ki jeet he
nakli kisan andolan bund karo
Shame on farmers !
Is Rakesh is talking about poors from villeges, cities,Metros, farmless farmers agnoy ,Is Rakesh is going to distribute his extra land to landless farmers .
The BJP is working to sell, lease, auction and handover public infrastructure to private and corporate supply chain. Like sarkari schools, the dark laws will destroy farming as it has done to education, healthcare and employment dedicated to the poor !
I'm not against or for the laws. But I think you must make a video explaining in detail the complete law. As I can see is that you had done pick and choose of only parts which look negative. I'm sure there must be protection given to farmers which no body is explaining. Initially the series was well explained about the Green Revolution but as it came down to Laws, it seems to be biased.
Mo one has instigated farmers they are struggling to go protest in Dehli
congratulations to farmer for their great victory..
BJP and Congress both have expressed the issues with 'APMC' mandi having lots of issues. Kerala n many other states do not use the Mandi. Rice grower of Kerala are not protesting. The projected roles of Adatiya being glorified by this lady. Why is this protest , since the large growers of wheat do not know the tax payer money of 33000 crores , which was coming to the states, what will happen ? Govt has been buying the wheat , its reaching the PDS shops via APMC and not that all the goods sold is class 'A'. In fact the PDS ration shop wheat is not palatable by a common man.  This means a good grower of wheat lets say 100 quintals , in reality is selling 200 quintals in APMC ( out of which 100 is stones and not real wheat ). Then the money related to this wheat , goes to middlemen and farmers.  Ashirvad atta company or similar ones do not buy this wheat.  When farmer dumps his wheat in APMC mandi , who finally buys it from there and where does the wheat gets utilised , has the real answers for this protest.  Why does Govt still imports despite bumper crop ( or farmer does not export ) , if he has done excellent quality and has a fear of the price drop. ??? Few questions are based on fears. These are away from reality...On ground , the news channel should visit APMC ware houses and show the pictures of rats and rotten wheat laying , lack of disposal in time and usage. That will clear all the muck. The channels are not spending time to show real ware house conditions.
Master plan.so later people won't blame EVM and GODI MEDIA can tell u that modi g won caz he think about farmers and poor people thats why people vote him .
Great go ahead farmers neither they will get tired or give up until three bills are taken back by the ego central government whole nation is with farmers those against these farmers dont deserve to eat anything
Proud to be a farmer 
where have you been when tamilnadu farmers protested... !!!
Modiji should stop price hike adversely effecting economy of the common men
I will rather accept corporations rule the farmlands. This is totally unacceptable. Most of them don't even read the bill properly. This happens all the time in my country India. Most of the protestors doesn't even know why they're protesting at first place.
My big salute to our students of India for the supporting this protest against the farmers of India by the BJP government, 
Hardwork,not money lending is farming,on field off field,different,but rich middlefarmers,so called,adhtiyas,want to avoid taxes,e g as agri income related.
The farmer agitation  was politically supported.
Govt ke control me aatahe toh itna farmer suicide hota he..agar private player ke bharosa chod Diya toh Kiya nehi hoga..u comparing agriculture with business..itna to dimag hum me bhi he...
Thank you Ajit sir for reporting true facts from ground,  you have won hearts of millions of farmers from India. We are proud of our farmers and our Ajit Anjum.
its responsibility of indian student to save their country from Modi Govt
The best video on youtube to understand farm bills and farmer protest all together... 
true farmers have lost
They are not farmers.... A true indian farmer would never hurt indian people... They are rioting and damaging public property, causing distortion among people, vandalising streets..... I support the government here, they should be more strict on people like this.... The farmer who died was rampaging the tractor and was tryna run over cops after some havoc the tractor turned over and the farmer died,,,, they even vandalized nation's national flag.... Shameful farmers
Most of the liberals like NDTV,Quint and Wire etc. all highlighted just the negative picture and opposite is true for the so called Godi media. 
This is the best thing modi has done for farmers.
Best video for those who really want to understand farmers protest
Without farmers there is no life on earth. Plz respect them. 
Thanks NDTV For showing the right picture of farmer ,we support farmers,never forget Green revolution ,it brought by these farmers otherwise India was import wheat  from other countries..Jai jawan Jai Kisan
Salute to farmers... beautiful video great teamwork of video making ...sound, aerial shoot, directed and Editing 
This hang out is special because it is the talk of the town across the planet. Punjab is the epicentre of terrorism and kaalistan separatists. Knowing well about the outcome during Punjab election next year, PM has decided to take the khangress root out of the earth. Khangress mukht bharat. Jai Hind.
This is what so called peaceful farmers. Shame shame
Never Expected Modi to do appeasement politics, more than 800 million people are standing behind him as a rock & he is still going round and round on his issues, poor judgment by modi, he should understand if we want to appriciate gandhian ideology or balancing act politics we would have goven vote to congress instead bjp.
Now I would love to see the ndtv who is condemning US parliament attacks and the people who did the riots on the republic day and every farmer leaders should get punished these are the desperate times govt. should single out every one and punsih them for their deed
Where are one's who called farmer's as anthoan Jeeves??
If Farmer gets MSP then I want minimum wage as per my degree if I don't have job. Ultimately the money is mine too as I'm tax payer from years. I want same respect that farmers are getting. If tax payers stops working just imagine what will happen to country. We taxpayer paid taxes in lockdown also.
The problem in india is to many people on farming so land is very less and so investment power is also less 
Now Farmers are losing their credibility.
Thanks to #GodiMedia.
cool journalism .....respect to farmers from Nepal.....all the best for ur rights !!!!
I stand with government on the price issue of farm products, all other things farmers win. Because it can help government during draught and famines to control the price.
Time will answer that this revoke has deeper reasonings and the true losers would be the farmers who would either live a peasent life under mandi traders like tikait or hang to the trees, like always.
Modi regime is worst than dictatorship. Independence for Punjab is the only solution
2. The price of the commodities even now is not government regulated. Government intervenes only if the prices go too high or too low. In order not to let either of the parties incur the loss. And farmers are not always going to sell or selling at loss. Only in certain situations they are. However government clarified that MSP will not be removed which means the farmer is always protected. He can sell in APMC if there's steep fall else he can earn more in the open market. 
It is after all a case of supply and demand. If there is excessive supply of any commodity the price goes down and there is suffering . Since independence no proper planning ,no industrial planning and Governments drifting like driftwood.
farmers and government should come to middle ground directly rejecting laws will only make any reform in any sector in India difficult.
If you wanted to see these day, then what was the lack in Congress?  Home guard under haryana police sub inspector take bribe every time, I suffered from these many times.  Even these days.  I had done electricity theft complaint but no action taken, even they open my name, this is happen Under BJP government.  Now I hate bjp government and their partiality policy.  No value for honest civilian.
I feel that this agriculture reformed bill proposed by Gov. needs some changes & amendments to ENSURE that our most diligent & hardworking farmer brothers get their truly deserving  rewards:
Fearing 4th generation warfare this decision is good however government should be more strict with people as this farm law was game changer for true kisaan
Justice for our farmers
My advice to farmers . Stop  selling your goods to the market for  6 months  or more than a year. grow your necessities for your self .. then the government will come down to your knees.  The farmers are back bone ... all the people  in India should  suffer from food . Then we will know the pain of the farmer. .. please support ... If you agree
We say a big No to the Ambanisation of agriculture. We all stand in solidarity with our farmers.
Modi should give one more good news by resigning from the post n handover it to someone educated like Swamy or someone else. Next he will sell india to Ambani or some rich clients.
No farmers No food
I personally have just one issue with this analysis, which is to treat the word "farmers" as a homogeneous group. I believe all analysis on farmers' issues will become much more nuanced once we start categorising different types of farmers based on their landholdings, mechanisation, labour employed etc. The status quo definitely benefits some stakeholders (otherwise it wouldn't have existed) and any reform will hurt this category. At the end of the day, if the reform hurts the richest category of farmers marginally in the short run, while increasing the options for the most marginal category of farmers, then it comes down to who do you support in this scenario.
Most people here or even  you have not the plight of farmers in Europe so no point in following them in the first place as far as agriculture goes!
He actually said something opposite what farmer leaders are saying
I'm with farmers 
Thanks for covering, plz support farmers..... waheguru sareya da bhala kare
Totally concocted stories from everywhere. Absolute disregard for the farmers. Politics only. The opposition has no clue on how to oppose a popular govt. 
1. A rural uneducated farmer can't bargain their  crop's price with big industrialists.
I personally will still vote for the BJP coz I haven't found anything yet to go against them in these farm Laws.
Few things need mending in this but overall these ordinances are very good for the farmers 
Finally zee news wake up for farmers matters after 2 months
It's unfortunate of India that farmers could not understand their interest because of Rakesh tiketand other leaders.
Don't say like this to farmer
I am sorry, after watching your video, I feel that u stress too much on negativity of farmers n very quick statement (unnoticed) on negativity of central government / Delhi Police. FARAK  PADTA HAI
Shame on you GodiMedia
All delhites are in full support of farmers
Curse on Modi and Shah Government ! Oroll if thunder hear our cry and send them to God  Save India ! Jai Panjabi , Jai Kisan
Recommended resolution: Empowering farmers to lead by experimentation, build consensus and make choices rather than embracing contract farming as the only option. Farmers can yield trust-worthy results by understanding problems from all prospectives. Explore broader ranges and allow leads to more innovative solutions that address underlying factors.
I understand all points ...but there was also picture of farmers using sword over policemen ....what about those things....that was not good thing too
Cant even condolence for one farmer death. Because of Modi , Amit shah, Yogi many farmers died.
Modi Ji this was your best reform. Should have implemented it in BJP ruled states.
Farmers would have been benefited with this bill
My father is a farmer 
Desh ke ache din to aaye nahi....BJP ke bure din jald aane wale hain...I am with farmers 
More strength to Farmers
there is no problems by other states of india except these 2 states PB and HNY. these states were one who were exploiting the green reform laws as well as MSP. thus the new law had provision for poor farmers and these peoples, acquiring a huge land area are forcefully trying to make things hard for gov
This would have made India top agriculture exporter. It would have increased farmers income.
Farmer is farmer irrespective from which state they come and serve with one motive to feed the country
Police Vs farmers.      Both are backbone of our country but main villain is Modi sarkar who giving orders to police and watching this
How peaceful these Farmers are
Treva man!! You are in a hurry to know this subject!! FYI Not even .001 % of farmers are protesting!! This is the real figures!! Stay safe
Aware farmers are been labelled Anti Social.
Great united farmers.
THESE ARE NOT FARMERS THESE ARE WHOOLIGANS
Please make video on 1984 also and they did not  even Touch or disrespect our national flag. Please make video on since how many days framers are sitting there . One farmer were killed by Police headshot but not single police man were killed.please show the number how many framers were injured also. 
MSP should be for BOLR (Buyers of Last Resort) will usually be a percentage lower than the market price. But what farmers are asking for is BOFR (Buyers of First Resort). Doesn't make sense.
Farmers are spine of our country.... Central govt battled agianst Indian citizens.... Never giveup...
Very informative video. It should reach to each and every farmers. Farmers should know the bills are in their favour
Wow to Farmers anna data bi BJP ke liye terrorist ho gae hai .. Wo anna ugata hai BJP ke khilaf kuch bola ya protest kiya to uspe sedition case terrorist case lagega... Ye h BJP ka respect farmers ko and bina puche bole 3 laws leke aa jao jo amiro ke liye faidemand hai garib farmers ko gulam banana and uske liye kuch bolo to tum terrorist sedition case wow ye BJP and BJP suporters ka asli chehra...
Huge respect for farmers
Hope all journos on twitter be it from any tilted side watch & spread information rather  than trying to infame farmers or slur to debase the issue.
Following! I regularly visit the site. We are supporting the farmers.
Yeahh finally thx godbut bhut tym liya #Farmerprotest 
Real farmers of India are doing their work peacefully 
farmer doing local businesses with small farmer without regestred with government and going to door step to farmer buying cash in hand without paying tax to government this that main concern to those peoples this reason to rich middle classes Farmer  non regester business oweners are come out doing protests agnist new farmer law.
And india is poor farmers country. 
Let the Govt. invite all the farmers union leaders from all over the country in the talk and let them face a handful of leaders in the protest. Solved isn't it.
Modi import everything in india to cooperative societies india railway  airlines airport also soled
Wrong Bill should not implement ..People who supports this bill dnt know how it will affect farmers in future .They will be doing slavery for private company ..if the company does not like their crops they can reject what will then a farmer do they can also go in debts also private company can take their land for improving the quality ..Hum log ko sara kuch pata nahi hota bill me hai kya aur Modi k support me aajate
Farmers protesters are creating more trouble. The murder was not done a single person. Group was involved. But now Farmers protesters are in trouble and Surrendered one suspect. But entire Farmers Group are nit peaceful protesters.  Rakash takit are causing great pain to all road users in public. Rakesh takit if you have guts and talent.  Contest elections and repeal the farms laws. But instead blackmail or threatened has caused the Farmers protest as a mockery and hidden agenda of Congress and TMC or Owassi.
No farmers no food no feature
7) One party's neta who talks the same things that Imran Khan does, doubts Indian Armed forces on Balakot and who has taken money from Xi Jing Ping for his NGO was actively supporting the frmers.
It was quite surprising that *Real Farmers* like Robert Vadra, Supriya Sule, Chidambram....who filed *high agricultural income*....  DID NOT participate in the Farmers Protest !!!
Modi sir salute for this historical discision and now again we support 
Will Taliban keep away from India and its neighbors. Or just keep spreading their power and laws..How will these nations keep quiet ?
Secret news leaked "tikait & anti BJP deal of 5 crore was made and upto now tikait & some farmers leaders received 4 crores"
20% of opposition of farm bills won against 80% of pro-farm bills on basis of benefit of doubt. Agriculture reforms are need of an hour. Corporate seller and producing farmer nexus is important without middle men who eat up benefits drawn out of corporate seller. Well, if government took back bills in January itself, things would have been lot better keeping in view of beginning of feb delta outbreak.
They bid more price to the whole area then they can easily get the goods and farmers will get the better price.
Salute to farmer brothers out there in open, fighting for the self, country men and the cold.
Farmers * protesting in Delhi 
I hate Haryana government and Modi
Thank you Modi ji, article 370 hat gaya warna pura Pakistan Kashmir me bas jata. India should not trust anyone and do anything for our safety.
will completely destroy us, the farmers.
One group of farmers from Gujarat also went to delhi to support farmers.....
No way to farmers except andolan as they r being overlooked since independance.Facing  severe financial problems
Such a shame on the government modi and one sided Indian media
The principle structure of the three laws were good but there was communication gap between farmers and govt
Who said they are farmers
4. How corporates will handle the court in case if anything goes wrong against farmers.
APMC Act (farmers were compelled to sell only at APMCs to licensed traders - remember license permit quota Raj?) 
Lesson to be learnt - Farmers movement and the caste based reservation are the two topics which any government should NEVER mess up with.. If the bjp government wants to consolidate it's vote share, then make their stand clear on the MSPs and implement it..
Make sure every citizen is a farmer before any other employment punjab and up is nothing to the country no idiot can destablise the nation needs close watch and stern warning jai bharath any agitation thorough beating wakeup hindu jai bjp
But I suppose you want to please some, so farmers are expendable 
Indian #FarmersWon 
Arrest them they are terrorist, nabbed charged them. Enough is enough pinned them down and no farmers protest permission.
Respect n support with farmer's......
Salute to farmers !!!!
          Salute to Farmers who are struggling for survival of 75% population of the Nation linked with agriculture and  protesting against the atrocities of corporate politicians who are trying to giving control of National food grains in the hands of some corporaters for profit purposes.
When compared to the cruelties of Kattar to farmers this is nothing .
There could have been some changes but farmer's haat made joke of a full-majority  government in front of the world .....
Very goos explanation. It seems..the new ruleas are not in favour of farmers as the protesters say.
The government and the famers should have watched this video. The farms laws were a progressive step,  leaving aside a few doubtful provision, But the government made its own work difficult by name calling the farmers. Had it treated them with respect, this issue would have been solved
Farmers in the Other Parts of India don't have a single problem and why do these punjab farmers have a problem? Congress the opposition government is creating chaos in India against BJP and Narendra Modi. And the Farmers of the Rest of the India came to protest against these farmers protesting for no reason. Making innocent faces won't  make you great and develop stympathy for these fake farmers in no smart person's heart. These are Khalistani people and kisan andolan is just a name but they are the Khalistani supporters. These people protested with the Khalistani flag in USA also at the same time and they said it was all linked and planned.
Thanks alot Samdish Sir for your support and reporting .m from punjab and being a farmer's daughter initially we all were panic about our future but now it seems with real media's support we will definitely win.and one more thing the way you use punjabi accent is really nice 
Well explained. I support these bills. Farmers are our gods, who provided food for us. They should be good always.
Farmers dont forget. Its RG and PG both converted this as an  international issue and brought victory to you...
Bjp govt assumed that they can trap FARMERS in this bill....
bloody stupid pm.....election aate hi hosh aa jatya hai ki kya karna hai...what about lost lives of farmers
Were they able to convince demonitisation  to public,before and after it.sorry.this is not first instance,they have taken u turn earlier also.in farmer land bill.
Beautifully explained. The intentions of the govt are good , no doubt about that. Why communication is not adequate or is it because farmers are being fed on wrong or misleading communication. 
1) A farmer cannot go to the court when there is a conflict between a trader and a farmer. Don't you see it as a problem, given the extent of corruption in India, SDMs can be easily bought by bigger corps/government?
Amazing video series. Very proud of ur true journalism. Godi media murdabaad. We need a media revolution also
The committee members are not farmers. They are economists scientists etc who support the tycoons entering the agriculture market with money and technology. Now the farmers are depending on fertiliser pesticides. When modern technology comes agriculturists will have to depend for genetically modified seeds also. They have to buy at price fixed by these companies. Modern machinaries will come which the small farmer cannot afford. They have to sell their lands and become menial workers in the city losing their divinity. And we consumers have to eat all dangerous grains which will affect our health. Thecpharma companies hospitals and stick market will be happy .
True and faithful kisan,farmers will not behave like this,its motivated and political agenda..
Im not born or raised in India but I know the issues formers have and no government leave there ppl to die in cold weather if the government cant take care of there ppl then government should be removed.other thing Indian media have no guts to say truth if you live in USA or Canada media allot to speak all the best to farmers
Firstly, as your video says only 6% of farmers sold in APMCs, why are they now even bothering about something that they never cared about?? West Bengal is the largest producer of vegetables in India. Can't see anyone from WB protesting. and lastly... Nowhere in the bill says that it is in favour of companies. Neo-liberalism is a tangent from this topic.
Sir excellent explaining but this kisaan bill  not nice
We are getting potatoes today at Rs 40 per kg and how much does the farmers get? You will be surprised.
Shame on you  zee. Those who killed 5 farmers are innocent shame on you
Congratulations to Mr. Punya Prasun vajpeyi sir for your great anchoring in support of farmers 
Glad to know the usually anti modi comment section here knows the bill is good for farmers and not just oppose it because opposition is doing so.  Thanks for the rationality and sensibility
Farmers are fearing that Agriculture  also has been privatised. Who is great in this country. People or people elect law makers.  If it is good and flawless why do you need promotion? what will the voiceless people of this country do now?
Farmers don't only live in Punjab and haryana , no one is protesting in north east India or south India 
Please note it's middleman win by opposition support and true small farmers lost today
This will be a win for bjp if they just not let INC show it as their victory.
Every political leaders are claiming that it is the win of the farmers and expecting that their Party shall be the maximum beneficiary of this agitation. Now let us see the results in the forthcoming elections. Best of luck to everyone.
Afraid to alienate sikh farmers in upcoming UP and Punjab election.Modi cares more about his brand than any policy
CORPORATES buying Indian political parties for selling Indian interests. BJP is a big defaulter but Congress is also responsible (willingly they are keeping a weak leadership to accommodate the CORPORATES getting their favorable Laws to be forced on India). Believeit or not all are paid heftyamounts.
@Prashant Dhawan Sir Just one question I wanted to ask- "Can these farm laws be reconsidered and be implemented again? The procedure this time could be different. The new committee which the govt. is talking about that also includes the farmers and their 
Cause these people are not farmers, they are people of different parties congress, samajvadi, aap etc... This is a bullshit.
Let the government concede defeat in these laws and stall all economic reforms forever no matter which government comes to power, BJP will still  keep on winning elections. We Indians are too much in love with our socialist past. We love poverty and povertarianism. We Indians don't deserve anything good.
How farmers suddenly became so rich? Are they rich enough to organise a costly tractor rally, langar, massage  etc?
Some city dwellers know as much about farmers issues as a pub g player knows about armed forces. Very unfortunate. #SupportFarmers
Thx VOX .... Really it was short and clear... But you should have also included the government side of the plan with much more detail... The concern that the private sector will directly influence by storages or map, but even if I pay 10-30 INR 1 bundle for spinach (depending on season).... End of the day farmers are getting only 20 INR for kg of spinach.....
Support and respect farmers 
Even now farmers can sell their products anywhere.
The Print is becoming one of the most genuine source of news in this right and left leaning digital and tv media space. Watching today's media feels like either they are of extreme right view or the extreme left view. It feels good to have a media network whose news are based on solid research and facts and that talks sense rather than being a mouthpiece of either Ideology. This is the type of journalism that India needs. We hope with passing days, the Print becomes bigger and stronger.
Well done Modiji. We will see does our farmers need more per growth and that too directly to their account.  jai hind
Thanks 4 helping d farmers..
Farmers are rioting 
Ravish Kumar ji,true journalism,true Patriot, sincerely concern about future of India & Indian.May god bless you more courage, more energy to bring true picture of common people.
I was with farmer's protest but due to this violence the true essence has protest has lost and one cannot at no sense justify this cataclysmic event.
Happppy win of the farmers
Please atleast ab to sath dedo all the opposers of farmers
As soon as Taliban come india will be the first country to recognize it
What about the 700 Farmer (Shaheed) ?
Now i think gov has to change 2nd bill but rest 2 are good , and farmers and gov need to talk and understand each otherand sir your explanation was too god
I don't support repealing of these laws rather Govt should engage every farmer union from all parts of the country, not just of Punjab & Haryana to discuss the issues related to agriculture reforms. 
More than 60 precious Indian farmers loss their life due to the peaceful protest.Poor BJP Goverment unable to find the solution to the suffering people in India.Modi has sold the India to Ambani& Adani???
some ppl really be out here sabotaging the protest. Farmers needs to stay strong and think before they take any actions cause the situation can become crucial any minute.
Only print can't see the khalistan support in this !! Woww 
There is one pitfall which has not been addressed. When a big company enters into an agreement with small entity, the company dictates the terms. The small entity ends up being exploited. Perhaps enough has not been done to safeguard the interests of farmer .
My goodness such huge.. Mammoth.. Respect farmers.
Finally, something worth watching. This is fantastic work, and I think I got an idea of what the farm bill is trying to solve.
Each person pay tax in whole country, even farmers too so farmers also have right and what about that time when police dump the roads and try to stop farmer to go delhi when they were going for a pueceful protest.
Yr, I am from Pakistan but if I have any way to come there then I'll come there and support farmers. I can feel their helplessness. Mr. Modi should listen to them even they are wrong. They are like the ones who are producing food but rather than appreciating them Mr. Modi is killing them.
The reason is simple, national media isn't covering protests in Maharashtra, Kerala and UP. In UP the police is even arresting farmers and it even stopped electricity supply in one of the protests. Perfect example of Godi media's bias and Yogi's Gunda Raj.
Stupid decision.. India's dream of reforming it's agriculture has failed ab yahi kisan sadko par ayenge! Aur kahinge ki hamara karz maaf kar do! Taxpayers kr paise se farmers ko subsidy di jayegi! Welcome back to Nehruvian Socialism!
How will government harm farmers, the government is always standing with the farmers
The power of the farmers
I am sad that even after lot of barking against farmers, you couldnt be successful 
Exactly what you said! I do support this bill but MSP should be guaranteed, and free market should also be taxed like Mandis.
Zee, Republic & other Godi media workers should do their internship in scoop whoop.. Maybe they'll learn something.. like not selling out!
Your analysis of farm laws are good for farmers is 100% wrong
This time modi messed with the wrong people. Punjabis And Haryanvis! 
Arrest politicians, police are you coward ? Is it all about money ? Money can buy life ? Respect life more than money ....give justice to farmers common this is india , world looks at india for its festival traditions .....bjp is spoiling image of india
Wonder why we are not allowing  the farmers march. It is their right to march as long as they do not destroy the property.
Madam, there is one fundamental mistake in your video. Tax given by traders in APMC Mandi and not by farmers. double check your facts before making such videos.
4. If farmer gets cheated by a private player, he cannot even go to the court directly. Isn't it a threat to the farmer's right to justice?
But godi media won't tell you this. 
whether its farmers, industrial workers or BJP or congress or anybody, this nonsense is not acceptable
Govt is not satisfying the demand of farmers for commitment to purchase the produces at msp. Govt is not ready to give such assurance. MSP will be only on papers
Consider scrapping of 3 Farm laws. If not done, intelligently people  will stop supporting BJP.
BBC should focus on the core(main ,good)  decision taken in rally about the farm law by farmer.
Because only Punjab farmers get FREE ELECTRICITY/WATER
Ab lakhimpur kheri mai clash in centre ur and ur bjp state and ur pm why this happening
They will exploit farmers for sure. In simple words, govt want to step back from its responsibility for MSP. If not then they should have mentioned the MSP for farmers outside mandis as well.
We are all going to starve for doing such a thing to farmer and accepting such injustice.
Three new uncostitutional agricultural laws must be reject imediately.
India is a country where people just ignore. they don't support each other. farmers were protesting in cold winters, what did the government do???? They just ignored them as if everything is normal
Farmers protest is revolutionary and historical.
Our farmers have the power to uproot the Modi government out of power.
Ji jawan ji kisan we are all indians I always support former's
As for the cost beared by farmers, it has slowly but surely gone down over time thanks to Taxpayer's money alone.
Police should not provoke the innocent farmers.
The main problem lies with price hike which hardly taken into debate.  The price hike would effect directly BJP 's hope much more than farm agitation which has added fuel to the fire. Fire has already errupted  with price hike. Modi has to forgo his arrogance displeasing his two best beneficiaries. The causality of 670 lives and unlimited pains on the part of agitated farmers would never  heel inspite of belated feelings.
1.These 2/3 corporates initially act like giving MSP and incentives to farmers. 
You seemed to be very contented and happy while talking all these words about Kisan Andolan, Ravish Ji. I was waiting for you to bring some bulletin on this and you did. Well done as a media person like always 
Always stand with farmers
First and foremost, we must think that who are protesting. Obviously, our farmers. In a country if either  soldiers or farmers protest it means something is fishy going.
*NOW ALL FARMERS MUST RETURN TO THEIR STATE AND WILL SURELY STOP THE PROTEST.*
I follow farmers but what was bad about the proposal one and a half year suspension of law to discussion and amendments?
Govt wanted to bring farmers out of poverty. The agents of poverty convinced the farmers that they will be exterminated from this country.
The police officers shooting the farmers should not forget that it is the farmers who put food on their tables
What happened at Red fort on 26th january??? Stop calling everyone farmers.
But we Can't overlooked the Main dependence business of India which is *Agriculture sector* : so in that BJP did nothing I have to say. 
Farmers need to accept the fact that privatisation is the only thing which can make farmers Prosper in the long run, how inefficient the bureaucracy is can be seen from the fact that since past 50 years just farming has not led to anh good for the farmers..
Delhi people also sport the farmers this is only one sector not in loss they always  battle performance then why need new lows
Doubling farmers Income can now take a back step , The Agriculture sector is going to remain in destitute . Politics over policies indeed
States are losing revenue...why farmers are revolting
And still godi media and bhakts still blaming the farmers for the incident.
Ur video is just like"Small packet big bang"it really make my all concepts related to this farm bill clear nd also make me able to ponder about the reasons why farmers are protesting. 
Finally..... These kind of incidents are new to farmers but not bJP led india govt. As they came into existence in political by riots.
If farmers decide to stop cultivation.... What to doo
Kisan Kisan India mother India women India Ambedkar India all all people help help help
In MS,the farmers r enjoying the MSP & free Mandi's alongwith contract farming since2006-2007. U must be aware that western Maharashtra is having horticultural crops where all company's participate in Veg, grape,Pomo& Mango...People enjoy the competition & fetch the good prices. It's pure political game...Rice& wheat, Punjab & haryana farmers fetch the highest MSP benefit.
Try to do good for fools they drag you down with'em, you let the foolishness teach them the lesson they were too stubborn to learn. Let these farmers stay in poverty and controlled by the middle man. 
As a woman living in Delhi, I support the farmers' protest. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan !
2. The corporates wanted to buy and store these commodities but the essential commodity act stop them for storing crops for long time as it increases price . 
Dear Modi ji , YOU distroyed every Economy Fields.
Govt. need to have a seperate agency to act as a business resource center for the farmers in each state that they can go to; to give them business guidance, teach them business & negotiating skills etc.  
You did good thing bro but they  violance was from both sides and you only mentioned mostly the farmers mistakes but Instagram tells the real truth police throws tear gas does lathi charge and which farmers were peaceful protesters had to suffer then some farmers became aggressive and attacked back and the Red Fort protest was a trap they let the farmers get in then they did lathi charge and its a shame that national media is partial...... other information you can find on insta @delhi_youtuber
You Godi media are confusing the things.MSP Guarantee kanoon is from day one.Three black laws are only a extra death warrant of farmers to snatch their lands
U must say sorry for formers for what u did...how many farmers have dead against these farm laws...what for their families??...
A view held by many is that the laws are framed in a way that does not just attract private players into the market, but supports and protects them as they gradually take over the agriculture sector easing the actual farmers and landowners out systematically. 
Major reasons our farmers are protesting : becz of feeling of insecurity i.e loss of msp . 
U have explainef v clearly sir. I think positive effects of these bills r more than its negative effects. If farmers can handle it smartly then this bill will b good for them. And they can bcoz new generation of farmers r smart and net friend ly
Farmers give also that compensation to minister's son
Yep in south Gujrat Amreli farmer use solar and get free power and other all useless power give electric company and they pay 70000 per year my some relatives are doing this
Thank you @vicenews for showcasing the ground reality of the farmers protest. Their voices are suppressed by shutting down the internet, setting spikes on the roads and cutting down basic amenities i.e. water and electricity at protest sites (Delhi borders).  Many individuals are still missing from the protest site and many are behind bars  #istandwithfarmers
I also voted for BJP, but this time BJP is wrong. I support farmer and I will vote for BJP again. 
Country's Pride Modiji
I respect both of you but like all the analysis this one also lacks the ground reality. Yes, you know the facts but you don't know the mood and distress in rural areas. Modi ministers and bJP party has done more harm than farm laws by calling these people names. The rural areas in these states were core bJP supporters (and its allies) we were telling from the beginning that this fight with its own people is completely unnecessary and that too over these farm bills. Now you can argue about their benefits but again on ground the concerns were real. And the rss factor, I know our local rss people and their uncomfort in saving the gov face over their actions in the past. Jis daali pe baite ho ussi ko kaat diya.
Shekhar Gupta ji, I really appreciate your analysis and beautifully explaining to the Nation that these Agriculture Bills give Freedom to our Farmers.
All other news channels are giving punjabi farmers protest tag as khalistani movement...... NDTV is the only news channel who is by people not government...
This was known. They are not farmers but activists.
Govt should impose a line in bill that whether FCI, APMC or pvt companies... Anyone who is buying crop from farmers is can't buy at a price lower than MSP.
Stop this uncalled for agiration in Delhi.why delhi should suffer. There is no logic behind this farmers agitation.  This is a politically motivated. Let farmers should go to their place of stay and do whatever they want to do. But spare delhi.
This is not time for protests on road..farmers should go home and stay safe  for their healths..for their families..for all of us..
Every body listern actual situation of India is very critical.... modiji tried to sale whole country to corparetes... please support our poor farmers 
The farmers agitation  getting support from all corners of the society. Success is eminent now.
Punjab and Haryana gets benefits because there is a good system for procurement they has APMCs not political links to sell produce to government.
In news walo ko kya pta kisan ka... Agle janam m inhe bhi Jat banana...tb pta chalega! Rab mehar kare! This is Modi's international bezzti. Now the world will know what this fascist is doing!
An educated person like me has gone through this condition with corporate. Imagine what will happen with those farmers.. irrespective they're educated or less educated.. but yeah I'm afraid they'll suffer like I did
Absolute disgraceful behaviour from the police,beating the elderly farmer for protesting,they are the ones who are feeding the nation,unbelievable scenes,do not underestimate the sikhs,
Main reason for protest IMHO is the way the bills/ordinance/law was pushed through. The closest analogy I can think of is if someone barges into a house with a suitcase  that he claims are goodies for the occupants, any occupant would ask him to take his goodies and get out. If the intruder says, I will not open the suitcase but leave it her unopened for 18 months, the occupants would still say get out. How many of us have had the experience where someone barges is without knocking, maybe with something official or legal. We would insist the person get out, knock and walk in only after you give permission. In such circumstances (if its true) nothing else but repealing the laws will work. And the longer the inevitable is prolonged, the more the risk of something flaring up and things going beyond everybody's control. And also the more it is prolonged, it only makes the opposition stronger.
Because of modi it is now possible for pakistan to break india into pieces thanks.modi
Jaiveer is not farmer. He is dalla of Government.
Long Live Farmers Struggle ,,,,,, Red wave is coming
You are mistaken. Farmers have not blocked the Road. They wanted to protest in the traditional RAM LEELA Maidan in Delhi. To prevent them from going to the protest site Police have blocked the Roads.
Farmers should know that this clever govt will never think  in the favour of farmers.Controlling over protest by farmers is just entrim  relief to make elections viable in the favour of govt.
We stand with farmers.. Govt is taking on its EGO to take back the corporate friendly anti-farmer bill
I support farmers as a delhite
Very much helpful to understand the farmer's protest.
Agriculture Ordinances....are game changers for empowerment of their own hard work of marginalised agricultural manpower and to improve the of their economic conditions.Now Congress,parties part of Mandi Mafia are only opposing the marginalised......they are suppressed since centuries ...and have no courage to resist mafia.Ordinance will legally empower them.Jai Modi BJP Govt.
West U.P farmers also participating in the protest from starting and in huge number. Media is not covering west up farmers because they wanna portray only Punjab farmers are having problem
Holistic organic farming is the key to India's Food Security but at the same time the plutocracies surrounding Indian farmlands and contractual labour and the entrapment done by APMC traders should also be looked into and also state govt. have the power to bypass the farm bills, so the protest don't make sense. I think one should look at the data that comes out from the states that have implemented the new act after some years and then make any judgement regarding the same.
Laaton ke bhoot baton se nahi mante iam not against bjp government but i will always support farmers weather it is violet or peacefull.. JAI JAWAN JAI KISHAN
Anti-farmer govt bringing Anti-farmer ordinances. Suits well!
That's taliban not farmer
We are gonna die out of hunger once the farmers decide to stop working in the fields
Prime minister Narendra Modi should be so shamed that he can't even face his citizens farmers who elected him .. so shameless bjp government....
Always support Sikh brothers love from Punjab Pakistan proud be a Punjabi
Great Stateman, he believes in democracy. The protest have gone for too long. He is just saying he listens. May be later for the farm laws when it's really needed to keep India as one nation.
Victory if every common men in India.
So if farmers sell directly to traders , how does it gonna exploit them ?? Cutting out mandis and middle man's profit , farmers can get there true value of products and not the recession by mandis .
to ensure maximum coverage and reporting of the  farmers rally  drones should be used.
 creates a doubt in people's mind about Farmer's protest . 
I think these all so called farmer's leaders are traitors, the central government should take very strict action against these low life traitors.
Excellent and informative show. I am from Pakistan and respect you Ravish Kumar. You are very capable and honest.
I am from Bihar there was no regulation followed for elections against covid during the entire rally and elections
First time modi government take decision against farmers sad for this
Is video mein political analysis kya gya Hain. Agar aap log Farmers k bare mein aur iss bill k liye Jo hartal ho rahe hain details Janna Hain to #KhanGSResearchCenter k video dekhiye. Mein wo video dekhne k baad ye video dekha.
Anyone if don't know, farmers won!
One year and death of more than 600 farmers never affected the government...
Is it stone age or talibani public..farmers themselves sitting on roads blocking movement..Courts, governments must stop this high handedness by farmers..too much politics into this..system being mocked every day..where is this so called peaceful andolan going..Charuni, Tikait all responsible...instead of taking n listening to sense, they are creating an empire of their own..Stop this non sense..
it's like Jonny sins a Farmer
Farmers will still vote for BJP.
Most informative video on Farm Bill across Youtube. Keep up the good work! 
Even 40% farmers don't know anything about MSP
These are goons disguised as farmers.
Unbiased, simple explaination, real issues, satisfying answer to the issue  Need to binge watch this channel and someone please make this man an official mediator between Farmers and Govt 
A farmer has lost his life to injuries reflected by haryana police under the order of SDM.
On one side there are the selfless people from Punjab and haryana. On the other side is the shameless government.
The best videos on farm bill is made by print. Thank you Shekar Gupta.
IRONY : Modi said govt couldn't explain the laws to farmers 
These farmers have been protesting peacefuly for 6 months
After new farm laws : farmer is King
TheBillspropose to create a system in which thefarmersand traderscansell their purchase outside the Mandis. Further it also encourage intra-state trade and this proposes to reduce the cost of transportation. ... It also providesbenefitsfor the small and marginalfarmerswith less than five hectares of land.
A relevant question .has any organisation of farmers asked for such law for them?
India lost forever,  Afghanistan to  Taliban 
1. Says whole india was against farm bill
2) Why is it that only farmers from Punjab are protesting against the bill ? Is it because the bill does away with the taxes which were levied if produce was sold outside of the APMC mandi ?
3 . Modi is saying it's going to be 1 nation 1 market. It already 1 market we can sell our crops anywhere in india legally before this. 
OK , we assume MODI ji sant Maharajah, how about some new person sits in PM chair and Mortgage 50% of Agriculture Community to few Big Corporations...
Like India always comparing itself with Pakistan and showing that we are growing faster than Pakistan, irrespective of other countries growing faster than us. similarly BJP always showing we are doing better as compared to UPA irrespective of amount of production.
But what about the "hoarding" problem(ECA,1955).Earlier you can stock a limited amount of crop but now its been done to unlimited stocking of crop.Will that not affect farmer's economic condition?
Yaa I totally agree with you and I raise a question that this is a farmer protest not a Hindus or Muslims protest brother Muslim aur Hindu can be a farmer  and allowed to do protest maybe I am wrong so please correct me for this
Congratulations to farmers, and who lost their lives in protest.
One day .. citizens n farmers of India can understand ur point of view .. we r with u Modi Sir 
Just went through the comment section below and observed that the majority of the people are very obsessed about the BJP and RSS. Though in this entire incident no connection of RSS has been visualized. Not even any media house established any connection between this Incident and RSS yet. But it seems they are seriously prone to misconceptions and consequently making a premature attempt to amalgamate a sacared organization with this tragic incident. Such organizations are mostly indulge into the selfless services. And it's always galling to see when people blame the victim to be ruthless. This should not be done.
The farm laws were good why did u repeal it Sir 
Thanks to haryana Western UP and Punjabi kissan..atleast MSP pe discussion to hone laga.. implement ho ya na ho atleast logo ko pata to Chala
they r not farmers
Agree that MSP is also not sustainable.  An alternative is to abolish MSP and increase subsidies on farm inputs like fertilizers, seeds, pesticides and encourage collective farming at the panchayat level whereby productivity multipliers like tractors, harvesters etc - the costs of which - can be shared by the whole village equitibly.  The govt will get more bang of its buck this way.
However, as a supporter of reforms, I really wish the bill was not repealed. Instead it could have been kept in limbo or atleast some bjp states should have taken up the positive points as a pilot project so that we could have got to know who is right : gov or opposition
Its time for india and other european countries to support our kisan brothers
RIP ALL THOSE FARMERS WHO DIED DURING THIS PROTEST.
Only Punjab farmers benefit from APMC. Rest of India farmers would have benefitted from farm laws
Dada ji makes me cry    how can Someone called  them terrorist .     Even some of my relatives called them   terrorist.   Rip those barave farmers  
Every Tom talks about farm laws without even understanding the exact implications to the farmers. It is rather foolish to compare the most incompetent PM like Manmohan Singh who was nothing more than loyal servant of the fake Gandhi family with someone like Modi.
Why media giving importance to this fellow,as trial,avoid tikait for a week's time.
And as Modi said in the parliament, our dear Sikh brothers did a lot for our country than any other community (besides TATA's/Parsis aside), they give their blood for its safety on the borders and no one can deny this. They are the most respected, jovial, and loved community across India. Let us sit and talk about what can be done alternatively that will not cause any major loss to them.
We Eat because of farmers.. We have to respect them and their demands 
Micro farming or marginal farming is not a sustainable method to be used in this century. We need big companies to organise the farming in an industrial scale. How many poor farmers committed suicide recently due to heavy loss suffered in crops. We need to improve infrastructure in farming business. The final benefit will definitely go to the farmers. They can use advanced technologies in farming. No one will loose their land, farmers will earn more than what they get now. Look at the developed countries, farming is done at large scale. Implementing the new farming bill will eradicate the food scarcity in our country and we will be self sufficient in this field.
Ahrtias provide year-around, collateral-free credit to the farmers. With these anti-farmer laws, the Ahrtias will soon vanish and so will this easy credit system for the farmer.
Really loved the way the part where 94% farmers who till today sell their crops at prices way less than MSP(MSP for paddy - 1925/quintal, average selling price - 1400-1450/quintal) was conviniently ignored by you(Dr. Sharma mentioned it around 6:40). Saying 'Main sirf un points pr focus krta huun jinko lekr kisaan naraz hain' won't take in account why the majority of farmers are not protesting. I ALSO BELIEVE THAT ASSURING MSP IS THE BEST WAY FORWARD FOR THE FARMERS but giving MSP to only 6% farmers from majorly Punjab and Haryana doesn't do justice for the other 94%. I also fear the monopoly of large corporates in buying the produce but it will still be way higher than what 94% farmers get today.
Its time for educated ppl to come in to farming. Just like australians did and finally agro industry boomed. Cus till goons are their leaders and uneducated farmers are just being played this will never change
Dalal Godi media channels, also speeding hate .
I m also Farmers Son but now I not Support this Protest
What an incredible and unbiased explaination of the farm bills. Amazing job 
These type of people should be in jail for misguiding poor innocent farmers.
I think this is great for Indian Democracy; I am not an expert on the farm laws but I leave it to the expert; I am only examining the functioning of Democracy in India; Imagine since BJP took over for every thing they pass an Ordinance. Which means they do not want any discussion at all. Second, the President is signing every thing and never on a single occasion questioned why the urgency for the Ordinance? And the way parliament sessions are conducted is even worse; The Speaker/Chairman does not bring any bill for discussion until last minute and then passing them through voice votes!!! Even the way Finance Budget was presented last year was horrible. The FM does not give any details and asks to refer to the Budget addendum for every thing that will be shared after the session; And after the session it was all crap, with no data; Definitely, the current Government does not want to take questions and Accountability; Democracy is failing in India and if that continues, we will end up the way like China.
I am a farmer but i support farm law.... Very bed day for me
So , once again don't interfere in our internal matters. Things here are harder to understand, and you can't put a western template to matters of India.It simply won't work. You can brag about this in social media, you have to realise that not a given Govt or communist or other ideological law makers would do anything that's against the farmers.Because it's agricultural sector , the primary sector of any given nation.So please stop your cheap show on our internal matters.
Farmer protect the Right of Consumer with protest.
No Farmers No Food So plz support Farmers 
Amit Shah Home Minister use your power for Peace and harmony of the country. It is too much against the country. All farmers leaders must be arrested and send them behind the bars under NSA. No waste of time.
We r with farmer
This open market policy is not new it is already there in many states even in my state of Tamilnadu it's already there that's y my AIADMK government is not opposing the bill. In many other states it's already there now it's becoming act that's all. In Punjab farmers currently farmers  can only sell to Mandis no open market policy  there that's y they are protesring that means middle men are higher and state government is heavily dependent on Mandi charges. This shows that more than the farmers Middle men are more affected.That doesnt mean there were no issues for farmers yes there but like water shortage and some other issues. I support the government wholeheartedly in this.
1. If procurement has to be tinkered with, there HAS to be an alternative for the farmer. You cannot leave ALL THE FARMERS of Pb & Hry out in the cold.
1. An all India agri organisation be formed to formulate policies for farming, collection of yields, stocking of yields and distributing to consumers. 
Is desh me farmers ki dimmand chod ke sab ki mag puri hoti he...best channel sub tali ban pe lage he ...
These people have crossed all the limits and I swear these people are not capable to live in a country like India which is the greatest these are definitely not kisan they are the people who are being brought by some bunch of people shame on them 
People wearing these masks can never be farmers. Why the Indian government is not taking appropriate action against them.
Farmer sowed seed, God Jesus n bible is a seed of god's word satisfied ur soul by His death n ressurrection. C 'Bible' in google!!!.......!
Centre govt could have done much better if they really are concerned about farmers.
Good jobs farmers 
We are spport to farmers
And the bills in real are only favouring corporates. And we know very well how corporates work and how the poor farmers will be treated in the long run. Abstain from being part of surrendering the last hope of this nation to those wealthy Gujrathi business mafias. I have nothing more to discuss with anyone.
BJP : Why people are making videos ? These videos are given by Pakistan .
Farmers are unitimg as a farmer without any caste,creed and religion.
Farmers even served meals for the very departments that hurt them like the police shown in video pelting stones . What more can be self less than this . If such situation happened to be in one of the delevoped nation with developed mindset and vision , such act would have made the head of the state bow down in humbleness.
5. Did any one extended hand for farmers without using intermediate person for selling their crop grown
Ab atleast bjp mp mla will atleast can go on road of up Punjab haryana
I hope 143k people who watched this video will support farmers
700+ farmers lost their lives
6. The funding for protest is happening by charging 500 rupees per farmer . 80% farmers own only less than 2 hectres /5 acre land.
This should be a text book on farm bills
Essentially, the farm laws were aimed at sterilizing their former partner's Akali Dal in the guise of bringing farmer reforms across the country, whereas majority of the farmers across the country were not visible in the protest. This was all about gaining control in Punjab and Haryana which went horribly wrong. 
Farmers should invest in big data analytics to predict the changing weather patterns and availability of water and other resources.
We support farmers 
This is more of trade of between security issues vs. poor farmers financial security.
These people are not farmer. Our farmer are working in field. This is politics.
develop the system & confidence. This cant be left to the private player as the motivation of the private player would be purely profits whereas the motivation when led by the govt would be farmer & the countrys overall supply/demand equilibrium of all types of food grains where we are self sufficient in all crops and rather we export crops to other countries which would get more income for both the government & the farmer. The private player would not be led by this motivation and this can only be done by the government.
Pakistan & Pakistani Nation always stand with Indian Sikh Farmers.
Glad to know that there is still some hope left for democracy in this nation. Respect to the farmers.
Its not only kisaan problem ,Punjabis are fed up of stupid politicians
And what about the Indian farming industry then ? It will continue to remain backward ?
5: is this protects  still really  done by farmers?. I variously  doubt  it.
*Police should stand down. Let the PUBLIC face the Farmer protesters, leaders & politicians who are protesting, disrupting traffic, creating ruckus... violence etc.Let PUBLIC feel the brunt, they will then take action against these fools and support the police*
You are awesome Nidhi..and would like a explainer on previous protests done by farmers regarding apmcs reforms..
These farmer needs to be educated 
The farming in India needs  reform but listen to me they need a lots of amendment by the people who are involved in farming (that necessarily dont means farmers only but people in university mastering Agriculture and peoples in authority who will implement the laws correctly)
Please let us know if you have this in Hindi. Its for farmers in India. Thanks
Don't good leader congress, AAP, SP, TMC,BSP other party and leaders bku farmer. They don't wise in Punjab n Haryana other some state. No respect in india.
Million dollars company v/s a single faemer .  Only1 % chance a farmer can win .mncs have both money and power .
But these rich punjab farmers earned lot of money.. just came for vacation...
Aree bhai, India ki aukat nahi ki talibans se direct combat kar sake.. Taliban's is busy in formation of their government. But once they established their fixed presence in Afghan. Then they might be looked on india bcoz the problem for India is that China has already shaked hand with Talibans.. Now China, Pakistan and now Afghanistan are main enemies for india and unfortunately those are surrounded to india..
Unity is strength , Punjab haryana showed it to the world.
Govt& police against the farmers - highly condemned.
I support indian farmers protest 
India mei sirf election e hota hai.  Fucking democracy..
I think bjp should remember india is mainly an agricultural country. Agriculture accounys for approximately 33% of India GDP and employs nearly 62% of the population. Ek aisa wqt tha k hum Hindustani bhukmari k shikar the an green revolution k baad aur kisaano ki mehnat k baad aisa wqt aya hai k india exports surplus rice and other harvest to other countries
BBC has a double standard in reporting. I think the Farmers are peaceful compared to the Hong Kong riots. Yet BBC always reports Hong kong riots as peaceful.
They are only happening in Panjab & hariyans because of politics... laws are correct and required so farmers can divert to other crops especially enable oil.
They accuse the farmers as anti nationals as Khalistani I wouldn't be suprise of this mindset that says all this Farmers in India are jealous of ex Chaiwala who first become Namo Har har ghar ghar then become Chief Feku of the Country, who wear lakhs and chores of money of clothes ha ha
This new policy will benifit both consumer n producer..  only cunning heartless middle will lost their lucrative business.. farmers are protesting because they are mislead by some selfish monger
Also, the Modi government may use the Farmers' Protect to deflect attention from Corona, as they are doing in Bengal by alleging violence by TMC.
Finally farmers decided to reamin in poor condition
I wonder who is the PM of India?Modiji or Trudeau?
Mr Shekhar, you have very well explained the Paddy and Rice situation in Punjab and Haryana. Thanks for that. I have visited hundreds of Apmc mandis in India and found that hardly small and marginal farmers get the benefits of Mandi system. It is the big farmers get all the benefits and do all dirty politics. The state government have politicised the mandis and look at the Mandi management committees, they're all corrupt political people with their choicest officers. They are also conniving with traders to all kinds of manipulation so that easy money will be there for them. That's why the big farmers Who are also politicians in association with traders and commission agents creating all these problem. Further if you do research you will find that the so called farmer organisations and their leaders do not want farmers to be independent and well of because if farmers get benefits, their leadership will be at stake. These people never tried to motivate the farmers to go for diversification about productive utilisation of water and energy. They misinformed the farmers. Look at the people at dharna place, mostly farmers from Punjab are found. Does it mean that rest of the country farmers are not there? What about people like (,   one) Ravana, people from JNu, Shahinbag, etc. doing there. The slogans and flags and pictures heard and seen there is seriously disturbing. Thanks Mr Shekhar.
And no government has. Even able to significantly create jobs where the farming community can be weaned out of farming which is becoming more & more poorer as 86.5% of the farmers have less than 1.5 acre of land and this holding is continuously reducing. You can see the exodus of farmers abroad from Punjab where this is a major reason although some bigger farmers also emigrate due to the quality of life abroad. However majority emigrate as farming is not viable and there are no suitable white collar jobs available elsewhere.
As my opinion...sry to say modi jii bt.......this is lose for farmers
Modi follows trump, so it's just a common thing. Why don't they take action to do some favor to the farmers. Uneducated leader.
Look at how the US abandoned Afghanistan, I wonder if PM Modi has realized that one day the US would also abandon India when the US recruited India to fight with China. It is a pity the Hindu fanatic politicians have no logic in their mind. They thought that the US would make India great,  glorious and rich again.
My total respect gone away from farmer.. Now i see farmer as grain producer only like labour does in factories 
Endless Salutes to those ALL FARMERS FROM THE BOTTOM OF MY HEART WHOM SAVED OUR Coming Generation's Future while living & Struggled for dem in Present ,  Jai Kisaan , Jai Jawaan
Atleast Modi and bjp have vision and courage toward new reform
These farm laws also talks about stubble burning excess use of ground water resources(in a way) and greta thunburg  who is a climate activist opposes all of it and this man supports her 
What does he know about indian farming & farmer' s situation here.let him mind his business.sikhs there are influencing him.after a few years ,like Sri lanka,they will ask for a separate state for them in Canada.Then he will know his plight.there are more sikhs than canadians there.
It is wrong to believe that Modi Govt has lost farmer's protest. It is also well known fact that who are behind this agitation.
Logical question to be raised here-: if farmers intended on lynching how come these people are still alive to be presented as a witness...if mob wants to murder they murder....no body can stop them....this is a case of extraordinary tyrannical rule where the minister's son lost his mind bcoz of his father's power and killed 8 farmers.
Only a farmer passion person can understand that in actually what is it nd how ..it will effect farmer's future 
Law should be faver of farmer 
Which amounts to Crores of Rs being collected by APMCs..... All these going into pockets of ministers and Officials with zero development........Eg: if each Processing units turn over is Approx 50 Cr in an year.... 50 Lakhs goes to APMC.... Like that there will be more than 1000 Processing units for a particular food commodity.... it's an open secret, No need for any proof also.......now This Commission need not be paid according to this bill...... That is why MLAs and MPs of Punjab and Haryana are fighting,that they will loose their share of money .......Its been more than 20-30  yrs that Yeswantapur APMC yard has been constructed..... Even now that yard stinks and water enters the stores when it rains heavily, other APMCs yards across India will be even worser.... When it comes to MSP pricing, Govn hasn't scrapped that since APMCs are still functional according to this bill, So, farmers can still get their MSP when trade fluctuation happen........If so is the situation, Framers of Maharashtra, AP, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, MP, UP, Bihar, Jharkhand, are not fighting when law was implemented .......it is in recent days that many states are getting involved......... People should Have also fought  Against NMC bill( For destroying health sector by Reducing quality of Doctors by Mixing process- Only doctor community came for support, rest people are not bothered only ) , Demonetization, High Price spiking ( Petrol / Diesel )..... This is just my opinion, not to hurt anyone's feelings....
India completely  down  in the BJP  government
The main problem comes with farmers literacy. Educated youth need to take initiative to educate the farmers around them. It will not be a one day show, it's a simple but effective initiative.
Hi, when right now we have MSP, how did the farmers of bihar and Maharastra receive prives lower than MSP?
He was only a farmer but I thought rather good military move.
Pls bring out the truth farmers are protesting peacefully from last 6 months police beating them and upto 100 farmers died
All farmers of the country all the best don't fear of police you can go ahead.
3) If govt or private company with turnover over 1 crore buys the crops from farmer then they have to make a DBT to his account. Cash could be accepted at lower level purchase. 
I support farmers from my state of Odisha who are mostly poor in comparison to those from Punjab and Haryana. I'm neither pro farmers nor anti Government in the present protest which is mostly Punjab and Haryana centric who seems to be well off, but I have faith that the new bill with some minor corrections will bring the necessary fresh changes in the farmers from my state who otherwise are poor all along. So,  worth a try. Before anyone commenting on the topic please download the Farmers bill 2020 and study it carefully from every angle. If you want to understand what the bill projects you can see it in the explanation given as a guide to IAS studies by Dhristi IAS - Farmers bill 2020 which has explained all angles attached to the bill in 3 hours. Let better sense prevail in these trying moments of Covid - 19. 
It's an embarrassment to humanity. Cruel act by government against farmers.
Voice vote scap this and let's vote again...farmers needs the benefits not option to suicide
The Reporter did not say a word in favor of The Farmers Demands only Taliban Taliban Taliban Taliban if Modi is meeting Taliban's Representative  then was there any need to repeat Taliban Taliban, was he BJP'S REPRESENTATIVE or a Reporter? He was also being briefed by The Anchor sitting in the Studio. If Modi finds Taliban worthy for Talks then why this Reporter and Anchor were showing soooooooo hate for Taliban?. And zero sympathies for The Farmers. Please be Neutral Not Modi's Representative. Thanks.
Great .We all are with our Indian Farmer's..
About contract farming, the set up is quite similar to futures' market in finance (fixing the price in the contract before farming). A solution to avoid counterparty risk in these farming contracts could be to set up an exchange. It may not be feasible immediately but can be pondered on for long term benefits in order to increase transparency in future.
Govt is right , i support modi
Please go with a team to interview actual locals. The people that came in to create 'Drama' were goons, not locals. I don't know how they got in when this very police was there. The goons pelted elderly and tried to drag people(especially turbaned individuals) to make an example out of them. In defence, some farmers/volunteers fought with the goons. SHO jumped in to stop (or save) the goon and the person fighting these goons injured SHO. The coverage on this guy is unjustified. Where the goons came from, we all know. I may like your reporting, but please fact check properly.
Real farmer working hard in the farm , in reality nobody care about that bill. In my village 80% people still don't know what the hell was that .This is a just shitty politics. Rulers and opposition must  cooperate , otherwise 
Or are those farmers also into same turmoil in the hands of a big company?
If there is anything I've learned from history is that you don't fuck with the farmers.
The problem is the prolonged Farmer's agitation, over which this Central government has dithered.
Modi/Godi mukt India. To stop jumla and wasting indian tax payer money on events
Please note that farmers have not put down National flag,they have flagged the KESARI Flag and the KISAAN MORCHA Flag on the empty Flag Pole. I request everyone to please don't come in misleadings of TV channels. 
sad for the farmers
Farmers have every right to protest, but they should keep it symbolic with less people and follow the protocols.  This way the struggle also can be sustained until success.  They have shown how they count in WB elections.
I can understand India's government wanting to modernize it's agriculture sector. An average of one person managing only 3 acres of land is crazy inefficient by modern standards. It also ties up a great deal of the Nations work force in just Agriculture. I understand why they would be upset. They have all lived this way for a long time and change creates uncertainty for a lot of those Farmers future and asks a lot of them. But it seems that if standard of living is going to improve in India. Something will need to change.
3. Corporate companies can stock their materials to any limit legal which is major cause food crisis and price rise. This is law under which corporate are going to control Indian markets according to them selves legally.
Bill b taken back n let the kisans live as they were.
If Farmers Are Protested Against Bill Why Government Is Not Looking On What Could Be done to Handle This Situation And Hear Farmers Demand
govt. is done very sad things with farmers....rip democracy
commenting in the support of farmers
Reforms are necessary in agrarian sector but it should be beneficial to the farmers.
Ye so called farmer leader aur opposition party hi asali bimari he inko sirf virodh karna he bas, big loss of true farmer
Support farmers.. No farmers No food
Similarly, those states who don't like private players, get united and boycott private players. But farmers of other states who aren't protesting against the law, let them do farming in their own way.
Your father like man the greatest bhrashtachari kapti pawar had fired bullets on farmers and 12+ farmers were killed. Farmer agitation was broken in few minutes by pawar. Why dont you ask pawar on same?
How you gonna hit an old sardaar... No respect. Indian govt has always sought to silence those who stand up against them. Nah mate not punjabis... We'll always stand up for ourselves whether it's in India or overseas.
Modi police remember, they eat wheat which is produced by farmers
Hello INDIA to BACK DAYS INDIAN Farmers Narrative 63 Days people Life Tamil Nadu DMK BACK DAYS INDIAN STOP 26 01 2021 ???
We support Farm Bills ,which is important for nation 
India support u.. Becz farmiate the spine of mother India
I truly support farmers...
real farmer lost today
I was against Modi about MSP, but when u said, only 6% farmers are getting benefitted through this, then farmer bill must come, and today is the day, Farmer bill has passed. Hope it will change the situations of farmers, their income and standard.
They want to destroy the farmer's
India in deep trouble, human rights are being violated *Farmers are unhappy*  pk
People of nation will demand, Repeal all the constutional bills, laws from the date of constitution from 1950 to till date along with the Kisan bills, krishi laws. 
I give preference to his videos comparison LSTV and RSTV to the prepration for UPSC. Because i'm belongs to farmers family,I love ur  views and true jounalism.He was inspiration for me..
Power of comman man and farmer can defeat any power
BJP: PM Modi doing everything with his might to stop the farmers from entering Delhi. Government digging the roads to stop farmer protests.' Irony..
Well said sir so true ...these are not farmers why should we also pay taxes
People need to rise against Modi. Otherwise he's gonna make everyone's life miserable. What can we expect from a PM who doesn't care about the Farmers. The Dictatorship is soon going to end!
Everybody is cool until indian tractors arrived 
But only educated and very very very rich farmers. 
These farmers acts are in favour of farmers but some farmers are misguided by opposition parties to ruin farmers
We supports farmers
Farmers are backbone of this country
I have tears in my eyes, you go girl! #farmersprotest
This information needed to reach out to farmers..so regional language or hindi at least..it's good you guys are doing it in English but those who listen might not be farmers..need to evolve your reach
Yeh police vale yeh bool. Gye h.. The food they eaten r produced by farmers.. 
Can anyone tell what will be the disadvantage of third bill  for farmers?
Are farmers demanding action against the tradersvor middle men who are actually buying from farmers but selling to private players?
Huge respect to Ravish sir. NDTV nhi hota toh ZEE NEWS, AAJ TAK, ABP vale logo ko pgl bna rhy hoty.
This is victory for the looters in the name of kisaan
Rakesh Tiket Is totally Failure, Doesn't know anything.
Why farmers r protesting?? This bill will benefit them..
Indians stand with farmers
News reader you need to do some research about the whole situation going back to last few years . You dont understand the Farmers Protest .
Thank a lot and salute to Mr Ajit anjum it's your victory aswell . victory of true jurnalism .kisan jindabaad . Proud to b a farmer.
2. How will these laws incentivize farmers to move to other crops?
*Farmers >>>LOST*
What about the same laws imposed on bihar and other states ? They are very poor and some pimps are selling their crops in punjab haryana at msp after buying from those farmers at cheaper rates.
This is not a farmer protest anymore. It's Khalistani movement backed by Pakistan. Now state machinery should be applied with full force.
For inter state selling. ..pls tell me Sir...if a farmer from punjab comes to West bengal and sell his potatoes....how much will the farmer face hassles and whether potato per kg will remain at Rs14 a kilo? Then the consumers will have to buy at Rs50 a kilo. Is this is not against the consumer ?
Both should co exist.  For farmers to get max price.
I think that the bill had two flaws- (1) The removal of MSP outside APMC market , which is bad. (2) the non-interference of the government in sale of agricultural commodities outside APMC , i.e., in private markets. There could have been strict laws according to how private companies can enrich the farmers rather than impoverish them for their own profit making purposes. For companies charging less than MSP, there can be strict tax laws or penalties for them. 
Finally ye bill farmers ke liye nhi bulki business man ke liye h. Kyoki farmers 2-4trali fasal lekr other state to jayega nhi. Kewal bewfoof bna rhe h.
MY FATHER IS ALSO A FARMER HE HAVE NOT ANY PROBLEM TO THIS BILL HE SAID IT IS GOOD MOVE BY GOVERNMENT AND ALSO WE ARE UNDER KISAAN KRISHI YOJNA.GOVT GIVE US 8000 FOR BUY SEEDS. THAT'S WHY WE DON'T OPPOSE OUR GOVT THIS 8000 COMES EVERY YEAR WITH RESPECT TO CROP SEASON 4000 IN FIRST SIXTH MONTH AND 4000  NEXT SIXTH MONTH SO DEFINITELY IT IS GOOD MOVE.
People should be wise while voting, because what is spoken today, if the same thought was thought almost one year back about the farmers, there wouldn't have been so many deaths among the farmers. Now, the main reason is the forthcoming elections. The farmers as well as other citizens must be very careful in voting and selecting their leader. One should not believe in floral speeches. Floral speeches are given when something is behind it. We pray that God bless our country's citizens with God's wisdom and not human wisdom. After so many farmers being killed, wives lost their husbands, husbands lost their wives children lost their fathers and mothers, how can a leader of our country replace these losses and forgetting all these things giving such floral speeches will not help people. God bless our country! 
 2) BJP Goons (like deep sidhu and they are many in No.) Were allowed by police and Supported by police in reaching Red Fort and Defame the Farmers as well as Sikh community
What all need to understand is, india has many small landless farmers who are also uneducated and don't know about market or laws. Their produce is also less to sell in wholesale market. As a result they end up selling it to big so called farmers and very very low price. Which is then sold on to mandies, which by the way is also controlled by these big so called farmers. Small farmers can't sell in mandies even if they want to.The whole protest is to make sure that those small farmers don't get access to free market. And they can be exploited by the big powerful so called rich farmers. Honestly, I feel the mob accumulated as farmers are not farmers, thats a paid mob. You can buy anything, including mob. Hence education is necessary for all, that includes you as well. Please read these laws Mr #TrevorNoah
13) The farmers simply rejected every offer for a clause by clause threadbare discussion & were trying to dictate to the Govt! Their attitude was "My way or Highway"! Clearly, they were never interested at all! Now that people are against them & they are fearing a backlash, they are saying "violence never solved anything & they are ready for talks". Get lost! The time for discussions is gone!
Shame on you prime minister ji for scraping this wonderful law. Initially U must educate the farmers from every village about this bill instead of withdrawal. It's feel like a vote bank politics 
Dear friends, FYI What wikipedia says about him " In March 2020, Rathee claimed onTwitterthat Modi sold 170,000 hectares of "most dense forests in India" toAdani Group. He deleted the tweet after Adani Group threatened to file a defamation suit against him." If he can't stand on what he says then we can understand what kind of person he?
I just couldn't understand reasons for farmers getting upset about these laws.  There is lots of emotions but lacks logics.
Even my food has less variety than theirs. Clearly well funded by someone else. No one question who paid how. A biased documentary well directed to play with Indian emotions. No religion is above other, even they demand and some still demand Khalistan
Poor Farmers  again got hijacked by Rich farmers and Agents . Now for another few decades no political party will get this Farm bill passed.
Well organised farmers's protest. Now we have to see who win , Adani-Ambani  suported by BJP or Indian farmers specially farmers from ,Punjab and Haryana.
We support farmers  modi is wrong about the bills as its unethical
Thx for showing the pain of farmers
Donno what to say...mainstream media is dead. This government making farmers dead.Lets hope they resolve farmer issues asap
He brought issue like farming in main stream. Addressed many problem faced by Bangladeshi farmers. 
Actually to start with it was about Laws , it was about MSP, it was about a farmer not able to go to court and it was about these unbanked laws.
It's mean it is clear that private players want to purchase farmers  crops less than MSP
Since when did a free market become a bad thing?  Farmers in India shy away from growing organic produce and choose to grow sub-standard GMO crops because of MSP. Since they know the quality is of no relevance, any quality is supported by the government promised minimum support price. A free market leads to competition amongst producers, better investments in products which are relevant to market demand (take the example of avocado across the world), sustainable profitability for producer and also better quality product at a better price for the consumer. A product like rice cannot be monopolized by a large corporate, because if that is true then Amul has already monopolized the milk industry in India. Are the milk producers getting fair value for their product? Yes, because if Amul won't pay the local producers a fair price someone else will, or the milk producers will sell directly to the customer, which they do even now. The farmer protests are based on fear-mongering and unfortunately, a small percentage of educated class is also standing in their support out of confirmation bias, just because it gives them an opportunity to reaffirm their hate towards a political ideology.
Ravish zee: Great coverage your NDTV is really 4th pillars of Indian great democracy. ND TV is a voice of the people and speedy harmony and humanity. Thanks for great job!!!!!
Well saidwe stand with our farmers
"Kya gunda baneyaga re tu"_ BJP ne ise puri tarah training nahi di abhi. I Regret that I had voted BJP. Indian needs freedom from these type of bureaucrats.
Thanks to this channel from all indian FARMER 
MSP  price support mostly enjoyed by Punjab n Haryana farmers. FCI buys n stores wheat n paddy mostly from north Indian farmers. South n other parts of not much help from MSP
Keep supporting our farmers
Why this punjab and haryana farmers are doing this. Their are many other farmers in india they are not doing this only Punjab have problem by this
I come from India where it is a matter of pride to be a vegetarian but a farmer who grows vegetables gets crushed on the road ( Lakhimapur Kheri) 
What a journalist you're, Ravish ji! History will shout n tell us there was an honest journalist in India amidst of all the sold out journalists (godi media journalists). Thank you, Ravish ji for your courage n resilience.
who kill farmer you shameless journalist till who did first RSS pet dogs or farmers
Excellent analysis shekhar sir, although I am a modi supporter but I still like your unbiased comments coz your comments and analysis of any national issue is well balanced. I am also of the same view on farm laws, laws are beneficial and in the interest of farming community. But main problem is big farmers of punjab and arhtiyas. I've been to punjab these arhtiyas are very influential people who are themselves big farmers, they earn huge Amount of commission every year from afmc. They will never allow other marketing institutions to come up, secondly parali burning is an issue but perhaps govt came under pressure from SC on the issue. When govt is ready to make necessary changes, then why they are adamant. They don't represent farmers of entire country. And this is nothing but gundagardi that we will block delhi.
If we go by explanation in video then only best option is to make MSP a legal right of every farmer. As we are already assuming that private player will be giving better rates than what government has been offering than why not set a MSP limit before hand. As per assumption only rich farmers from Punjab and Haryana are getting benefit of MSP,  then why not pass this benefit to every farmer of country by providing legalised MSP even for buying private market.
Our Farmers will decide whats good or bad for them.
Sad to see some people don't even know why farmers were againsts that committee.... (because committee k sare members bills k favour mein the.. nd it is unjustifiable to carry on with that committee..... as simple as that)
A small victory to Socialist Secular India. No to Privatization, No to Corporations, No to Modi.!! Jai Kisan.!!
Yes we have seen discussion for previous 70 years, amazing reforms were done and farmers were so beautifully treated.
The bill has several positive sides if implemented genuinely. But it has been designed keeping the interests of corporates and not the farmers. If this is implemented correctly, then one day this would also become like AMUL. 
Anyone think modiji is having a heart? He is not a right person to sit in that seat. All the world is supporting for the kisan.
Modi government take this decision due to elections, but there is possibility that this will backfire and increase the problems for BJP. Let's hope for better 
Give farmers their rights, they are also Indian! 
Oil seeds and pulses are under MSP but GOI only procures wheat and rice. GOI start procuring these two than there would be no shortage. Farmer would produce surplus if he got assured price.
What they were trying to do was to pass the bill without any voting with the help of voice votes by the BJP members. The opposition kept on saying that please consider voting but the speaker didnt listen. The very manner in which the bill was passed was wrong, unconstitutional and against the procedures of the Rajya Sabha. But what the opposition did is also a bit questionable as there violence was not required. In fact violence karne se wo bill nai rukta. Kya fayeda hua ? Bill to pass ho hee gaya na. Gussa nikalne se bill to nai ruka. isliye in my opinion, violence nai karna chahiye tha. Mic nai toddna chahiye tha kyunki wo karne ka koi fayeda nai hai. Its not the solution. In fact they should go to the court and challenge this bill on how it was passed. That would be the right way. And they should protest and do dharnas. Thats the right way, not violence. Usse kuch haasil nai hoga.
There must be huge corporate pressure to deliver this farm law after huge election of modi they have financed, you can see this by the way passed without any debate
Quint, why so biased? Why you are manipulating viewers and making them fool? Why you didn't post that how farmers killed BJP leader to death by hitting them with wodden sticks on the head? Already most of them who watch this channel are fools.
Farmers have won bless them 700 have died and now on our Guru Nanakji gurprab modi as done a u turn asking the farmers to go back home but farmers will stay until they get in black and white 
Chalo ab farmers khush hoge..
No farmers No food 
Modi nothing done for farmers so far
Modi govt is doing the right thing. The bills are right. Jai Hind.
12) Another communist party leader is also supporting these rowdy farmers! In a communist country, farmers don't 'own' farmland! Read about how Mao Zedong, Lenin & Stalin simply nationalised every private property. Do communist party leaders in India own houses? Strange!
Hi Niyu and Abhi, the video was quite informative for someone like me who's not read the bill. Infact all your videos seem to be well researched ones. Keep up the good work and I hope to join the cause in future. For now I wished to ask you how do you guys collect data? I wish to make my masters computer science project on some small tool to help farmers, but I can't find data to get started.
We r supporting farmers ....bjp hatao desh bachao
The way he answered to the reporter about y dont u contest election he gave a mind blowing reply what Parliament cant do against Farm 3 laws we did by fighting on streets by public revolution great thinking 
Himanta biswa sarma is conducting mass rallies for election in Assam (especially in BTAD area) violating covid-19 rules. There is no law if BJP does rallies but for regional parties u can guess it there is the so called covid-19
I hope this time people protest to keep the laws. If govt. wants to repeal the laws specifically for Punjab it's fine. They have a problem with it, let them do whatever they want. But why should other farmers suffer for it. Don't repeal it for the entire country, give exception to Punjab and if required Haryana also.
Farmers must be given respect and there due rights whether they are living in Pakistan or India because they feed the world
4 if these laws are for farmers and they dont want why are they forcing imagine i am giveing u any thing nd u dont want it nd i will force u what will u do
They are not farmers becoz we all know  conditions of a farmer in india even they  havnt their own tractor or other equipments  of farming everything he  afford on lease  and a indian farmer cant spent as much money  on such baseless  protests and rallies  by  tractors  such long time protests and rallies are very  money  consuming  and expensive  it should be thoroughly investigated  from where they  got  funds for such anti  social acts
Both govt +farmers are rgt we can allow both so that there will be no protest. Although farmers are the lifeline of pur country
govt has said and again , the bill is a choice , if farmers want to still live in middle ages practice its ok . 
Feel It's only political motivated aandoilan paid by anti social elements nothing else as if the government of India is agreed on the first only maang of the kisans offcourse only by Punjab and some part of Haryana which are managed still government of India and modi ji agreed on the back up of three kanoons why the hell the kisansans are still on the roads by spoiling the economy of the near by villagers and industrial zone feel it's a paid aandollan by some parties nothing else very simple
95% of them didn't even read the farm laws...I was watching news in the morning when News channel was covering Mahapanchayat... Sonia Mann a leading activist in Farmer protest and Punjabi actress... When a reporter asked her, do you have read the farm laws... She immediately got hesitated and gave improper answers and she spitted rubbish there  'Ye kar denge vo kar denge'.....Government giving opportunities to farmers to sell their crops wherever they want not just in 'Mandis'...If they get more price for that crop outside 'Mandis' they can sell to them.. .And as government already said MSP will remain as it is..then government will buy from you at MSP if you wouldn't get affordable price anywhere..... I comment this also on her (Sonia Mann) post on Instagram..after sometime she deleted my comment 
Proud of the farmers of this country. The farmers of this country has sacrificed their and their family welfare for the middlemen of Punjab and Haryana because 80 percent of MSP money has been bagged by farmers of these two states only and other state farmers are anyway at the mercy of unorganised sector buyer. Now these other state farmers can not get access to corporate money and technology to uplift. I bow down to their selfless sacrifice.
To me only educated farmers with small businesses, niche development and sincere assistance provided through SMB ministry is the only way, How do you educate these farmers ? maybe some cash in hand will help for starters like if they could be given money like cab drivers got from these companies, but its a strong maybe.
 WE MUST SUPPORT FARMERS.
Godi media had all plans to crush this farmer revolution
Farmers voice is matter in this 2021 elections.....
Acc to farmers except bjp wale all are allah ke bande.
UP Bihar Madhya Pradesh farmers were very happy with this new law. Now the poor farmers of these states will suffer and Punjab rich farmers will enjoy.
NEWS CHANNELS SHOULD EXPLAIN THE FARM BILLS LIKE THIS.... THANK YOU SIR... JAI HIND...
Huge Support from Pakistan 
Roudys on roads no farmers.
This is helpful - thanks Vox. It misses a vital question tho: Why did the government implement the opposite to what the farmers were asking for?
Middlers dont want farmers to grow
God will save all these farmers and real citizens are with farmers 
Is farming knowledge don't have any other states of INDIA...
1. In the first bill, in case of contract farming, if there is a dispute between the farmers n corporate,  there will not be a court of law to protect the farmers interests. Farmers can only approach the local SDM or DM to solve there disputes. As everyone knows how system works in India, anyone with deep pocket n connection are alway right. So who will lose the case every time is not hard to guess.
These goonda who are disguised as farmers should be arrested and justice should be done! These are Khalistanis !
Hypocrisy ki bhi seema hoti hai Modi Ji , you are self obsessed and weakest Prime Minister India had ever witnessed. You surrendered in front of few Naxalites,Khalistanis and Jihadis.
Do the farmers of India you must defeat this neoliberal takeover. You must
Q2. How will contract farming shield the farmers from potential losses due to weather like msp? We know the settlement have been abysmally low.
Thank you sandeep sir  congratulations giving updates from the venue  only some reporters support farmers movement sandeep sir   ajit anjum sir  lot of thanks to you both
This is painful. We people get food because of the farmers and what is happening is really unfortunate, shameful and disgusting.
Very bad decision by modi.I lost fate in modi.The laws very good for farmers  now , poor farmers continue slaves of middle man.Modiji history judge you This is a Himalayan blunder.I don't vote for any party,because l also  fate lost in indian democracy
Anyone from Punjab I give my full support to our dear farmers 
Some people are commenting that modi scared of elections but one thing I want to remember everyone india is not only depend  on punjab or haryana and also top states like Karnataka, tamilnadu, Maharashtra etc which are in front row in contributing for the Indian development u can't see a major strike against farmer bills that means these states doesn't have farmers? No, but here farmers also educated, i want to give one example in Karnataka for 1kg of onion is priced between  60 to 70Rs but the farmer who grow the onion will get only 20 to 25 per kg but the broker will get profit upto 30 per kg how strange it is the broker will get more profit compared to farmers or customers, this 3 laws are passed to prevent these unethical fraudulent agriculture market but some idiots like rakesh tikayath diverted the reasons behind these laws, so first try to educate don't follow dumb people.
In hindsight, I'd say that these Farm Bill reforms could be introduced at the state level, so that each state can decide how fast to proceed on these reforms. States which wish to progress more quickly can do so and reap the benefits, while states which wish to go slower can do so and reap those consequences as well.
At present Modi has got a very high approval rating, therefore, in the short to medium term if even after 3-4 months this agitation remains unresolved then it is very much possible that the whole Modi Government might resign and go for fresh elections to prove that it has the backing of the people to implement the reforms and silence the critics.
When BJP is riling they have done anything wrong it's correct let it be women, children, farmers but when non BJP do its wrong
We support farmers
We r with farmers bhai
The changes were promised earlier; the changes were long overdue; everything is good!  Will someone please explain how the Farmers are going to be protected against those who purchase their produce and simply don't pay?
this bill is actually in the favor of farmers please read them before commenting
Saare aadhti bethe hein, us farmers supports the bill.
well now they are repealed and farmers won
It's d duty responsibility of one and all to protest against black laws, protest against evm, against godi media, against all contentious laws ..and make india, prosper as ever
Very nicely explained Mr Manish Kumar thanks. I did not know anything about farm farming n farmers but now i got an idea why farmer community is suffering so much on the other hand we depend on them but they are unhappy with poverty n no means of surviving. They must b helped in all possible ways even if it comes to reducing pay of politicians.
These farmers r not even one percent of  india's total farmers
I support farm law's
Shame on Godi media
rakesh tikait should stop brainwashing farmers
This talk is important not only for UPSC student but also for all Indian farmers and protesters. All facts of farm bills are explained in so detailed and simple manner. Hats off sir...
Thanks to Modi ji for withdrawing agriculture
Aunty u r very right....we must support farmer
Farmers are very productive members  (More than 50% Indian population) of the country.
That's why it is important to read economics.. Only big farmers are getting benefitted from last 70years(6% using msp) you said and subsidy is around 2lakh crore  and now using protest they want to continue.if this money used in social capital expenditure atleast there would be less poverty than now. I request please read  basic books of economics. No growth share poverty while create wealth and regulate by govt to spend on capital expenditure.
Bro Farmers reforms hone chaiye. Govt stakeholders ko to phle legislation ka hissa bnaye.
RIP to all Shaheed farmers 
Such a sold media zee
2.Before also no one stop if farmers sell their produce anywhere in india 
Possibly BJP has ensured a win thru this ( may have been the counter demand to fulfilling al of farmers demands)
Farmers should be a little sensitive about what is happening in the rest of the country. Sirf aap log nahi desh chala rhe...
How dare farmer to put out owr india flag
If the farmers can sell this milk directly to customers with private transportation, it can help them gain more money. 
Present government is totally sponsored by big corporates houses............they only know media management .......... farmers ka itna bada issue hai...pr ab bhi news channels pr Rhea... Kangana hi chal rhi hai.....
Unfortunately, many farmers aren't well educated enough. So the wrong minded people mislead them for their own benefits. Even I was thinking that BJP has done something wrong because of which these people were protesting. Well, I still don't understand their point. What do they really need ?
The police are instructed to break the heads of the poor farmers who came to voice their rights through protest. Instructions given not to let one farmer escape. 
Why Farmers had to do this?
Salute the farmers!
Real Farmers we always support u
Atleast Farmers should have learnt or read the life of Bhagat Singh...
As an agricultural graduate I'm with the farmers ... 
Shekhar Gupta casually compares Alaudin Khilji's price control to MSP, while at the same breath explaining how it was the maximum price set for soldiers (not minimum). This approach lacks intellectual rigour.  You can draw baseless comparisons of every economic and social policy with some practice that occurred centuries ago.  Most of Indian laws, policies and acts are based on something or the other introduced by the British. This does not necessarily undermine the contemporary relevance of any law or Act nor does it make it particularly special. What Shekhar Gupta should question is why is the Centre adamant on implementing these Acts even when the states have shown that they can easily reform it to suit their own situation (which he seems to be using as his primary argument).
Rs. 6000 was tfd in the account of the farmers at the time of elections.
Love, care, equality& respect to every jeev atma or every human beings. Hindus also mard soo come out in the favour of farmers. Every religion and every one supports farmers because farmer are ann data. Farmers feed everyone food, vegetables to every one. Farmer are also God.
It's more political,  what I don't understand is why farmers from other states didn't do any agitation.  Specifically South where BJP is not in power itself
oh, I think the mandi will also loose the competitive edge because now the pvt companies can also go for a cheaper price from the small farmers too. This means the poor farmers could get a better value for the produce than when the mandi's monopolic rates. So now its more like a competition between the mandi and the poor farmers, and this can not only increase the productivity in the farming industry but also get better produce and overall market growth.
The protest are mostly from farmer's union and regional leaders who had profit of interest in apmc.
4) Unlike other issues BJP left ego and is open to negotiate. But farmers dont know what they want.
These farmers are good example of terrorism
I salute to farmers 
It is fair by the congress party to oppose. The day farmers realize the benefit these bills bring to them, there will only be few farmers who would vote for congress. They know that. Hence they oppose.
With farmers ..
i am with farmers 
Im in support with you modi ji
I think the government led the agitation by pseudo and big farmers/middlemen continue during the kharif season. Atleast the 80% marginal farmers(those who own approximately 1 hectare land) accure the benefits of new farm laws during kharif season understand the intrinsic value of it. now taking back the farm laws after the sowing of Rabi crops vo bhi GURUNANAK JYANTI PE . the harvesting of RABI crop will happen in MARCH/APRIL ( TO concide with Punjab and UP elections) and the 80% of the marginal farmer, the actual beneficiaries would feel the pinch during harvesting of Rabi crops . recently news me bhi suna tha ki MANDI SHULK lagne lga hai farm bill ko htane ke bad se . Ab government ne to patte khel diye hai , ab ye to election ke bad hi pta chlega ki western UP me ktne fyda hoga ya nuksan aur rest UP ke chote kisano ka supor milta hai .
Bjp through out from india 
Why is Pagaal Reddy speaking for farmers? A farmers shoe is worth more then his entire personality
Repeal the farm laws and stop catering to billionaire corporations.
Modi knows what a general strike could do to him. India already has millions of farming communities who had to migrate into the cities.
Respected, Vikas Sir, We proud on you & the way you clear everything on this topic with actual facts & also we should have to appreciate Sh. Narendra Modi G Govt. who take this initiative at their own political risk for our farmers & for our country. Jai Bharat, Jai Hind
BJP government is not interested in resolving the farmers issue. The demands of farmers are simple but are critical for farmers survival. The government should not feel embarrassed or feel defeated in accepting the demands of the farmers. The BJP feels still there are many farmers who support the government and the majority hindu population are with them and will vote the party to power again.
Not seVERAL STATES JUST PUNJAB AND HARYANA
govt has bring laws againts farmers 
BJP has already awarded with honour of Khalistani, maobadi and Mawali to kissan ,so it is urgent need to suspend actor of General 
Luv u bro thanks for supporting farmer's
I support kisan protest from east U.P.
In the era of vague and false media reporting Ravish kumar done his job left me speechless.
bbc after cancelling farms law : It was very good. Modi did not implement it
According to Zee news, for every wrong happening in India, nehru and congress are responsible.
Masterpiece created by Lallantop Team..  #kisanektazindabad
Rakesh Tikait is a seasoned politician and may soon emerge as the Chief of the All India Kissan party that may topple the corrupt Politicians who only survive on the british policy of "Divide Hindus /Muslims/Sikhs/Christians and Rule"! 
in 2006 msp was removed from bihar ,up which caused farmers to migrate to punjab to fulfill their family needs.
 what they were ignoring.(farmer protest)
The best video I have come across regarding Farm bills. No propaganda just content and facts.    I am an engineer . I am not even preparing for IAS but love watching informational videos .You got a new student today sir .
Respectful tributes to the my fellow countrymen agitating for our farmers 
These bills are reviewed and approved by IAS officers only. And if they cannot discuss and safeguard violations towards other majority of Indians(farmers & consumers), then Indians are not with Indians. It's just like every man/woman for himself. No unity.
Govt has repealed the farm law just bcoz wealthy Punjab and Haryana farmers were able to afford to protest for an year even without farming & income. Now who will
Government and godi media dono hare hai.... 
Farmers had sacrificed their comfort of home and protested ,their perseverance has paid.
Let farmers decide on their own lives, outsiders are too good to get involved in.
Stay strong, farmers 
Regardless of whether the new are laws are implemented from what Ive seen is that most farmers are not that educated and still dont know how the current MSP system works we need to educate more farmers
political analyst should be neutral  why she is supporting bjp
I am with you. Please continue to support farmers
First of all...stop calling them farmers... They are not farmers
During lockdown Punjab n Haryana has supplied foodgrains to whole country...appx. 75% foodgrains these two states cater..overthat hike in diesel and electricity has made the poor farmers more vulnerable. Poor farmers are not tech savvy to sell their produce...if govt helps them then it may become easy...
Farmers be like : till now we've provided rice , ab humare lathi bhi taste kar le
Yes farmers can bring swords and knife but police cannot do anything according to media.....
The skill of  falsifing    the truth  is really  unique  with you . Godi media .
Farmers can still sell their produce to anyone..!
So sad Punjabis made sure India don't go forward. Maybe i am wrong but this law was not fully wrong sad to see 0 progress and full backwardness
However good d bill may be to farmer... if farmer doesn't want it.... withdraw.... tis is democracy...... don't misuse power yaar govt. 
Delhi's people with farmers ....
Parts of the interviewers' reactions were so insincere by both Manisha and Atul, lousy interview, the only person who was sincere here was Rakesh Tikait.
I m feeling proud that i m the daughter of farmer  congrats to all the farmers ..
Violent terrorist farmers hacked to death 4 innocent BJP workers. They are creating issues by blocking the roads as if the country belongs to their fathers. Forget it. Enough of giving largesse to these ungrateful farmers especially from Punjab.
Modi hataao Pakistan and China wants too, why do u think they r worried if Modi is there ? What puts them at discomfort if 370 is abrogated.?
Now, corporates can store the grains for as long as they want because the new bills also exclude grains and rice from the essential commodities act which stopped them from doing so. Now the corporates will control the market price. They can keep the grains for as long as they want and as much as they want. Maybe the market is low and the price for grains is less, so the corporates will stop the supply. And according to a very mere theorem of economics - Less supply, More demand so more rates of these essential commodities. Moreover these government will buy less grains from now onwards so the food which was earlier rationed is also going to eventually stop.
I salute the farmers! This is the last stand for democracy . We all stand together .
What a beautiful protest! Mangaye guru! BJP ki leli. A great case study to every Indian who is suffering because of this incompetent communal gundas.
Please read world farmers revolutions .it is also one of them.Balraj sangha.
Instead of stopping new farm bill for 18 months let farmers experience new farm bill for 18 months and side by side committee form bring any amendment if needed on the experience of farmers then farmers will release that new farm bill is in there favours .let kotak securities kotak bank open 3 in 1 account of farmers i.e demat, trading, bank account, also teach farmers how to export  agro products of export quality skill development under kotak bank global trade account for exporters small marginal big farmers all over India .farmers will have 2nd line of income support .while getting benefit of 2nd line of income they can provide food grains of good quality
UP n Punjab elections impact Black Farm Laws finally with drawn by West India Company government after killing many farmers.
" EVERY  PARTICLE  OF  FARMER  ' S TEARS  WILL  CREATE  HAVOC  ."
Farmer leaders gave assurance to the Delhi police they will take tractor rally in protest in pre decided route.
Sir, Modi has taken many good & bold steps at national & international level yes, we are upset due to ineffectiveness in case of CAA/ Bengal violence & Kisan protest by the govt & Judjciary as well. Let us give some more time to observe.
There was no stone pelting simply they were protesting. Car mowed on peaceful farmers from behind. Windscreen was not broken just it was kept down while driving
We want open market for all not only for your apmc agents and some kind of group which is present only in Punjab and Haryana ..
BJP needs to be in power to execute other reforms.. You can't deny the fact that it couldn't convince the protesting farmers and probably, there are ways to bring in changes with in the realm of current agricultural laws.  
Back to topic...why can't a farmer sell now????
How can Indian govt. Think that they will be able to create maximum opportunities for the betterment of farmers after restricting their right to appeal to the civil court in case of any dispute with the corporate houses?
Farmers win government loose "truth"
I couldn't find more honest and well articulated explanation of farm bills.
Truly they were not hindu muslim sikh they were farmers,the last time British United Indians the same way .
Finally farmers won the battle,  Prime Minister will come and go, farmers remain the same, Modi failure and farmers victory  
It's a miserable condition for India, but that tractor drifting skill is one helluva ride.
Ambani Adani will not buy FROM  farmers. They will import palm oil(or any other commodity from any country) store in the warehouses in front of mandis,  and sell TO farmers.
All govts r corrupted and siding farzi industrialist who r looting banks n thus public money with the support of govt.Vijay Mallya,videocon,Nirav Modi,bhushan group and lot more r the recent examples.Vijay mallya being MP looted huge public bank money and ran away UK.This cannot happen without blessings of politicians in power.This class is antinational n baseless.
It's shocking that no one is sympathising with dead farmers and other 4 people.
I am with the farmers
Love to all those farmer's 
farmers must not back down, solidarity with all farmers brethren, this is outrageous
I think this law will be give benifit for farmer and whole india.... Agriculture system will boost...
I wish and hope one day mainstream media will show us real truth till then I m not gonna watch news on tv ,it's better I watch your videos and learn something,bro u are awesome thank you for keeping us informed and showing the real picture of the ruling party , literally needs more people like you who are logical and assertive,may god bless you 
Congress is misleading farmers about this bill
Spiders trapped into its own webs. Will start blaming each others, specially when Khalistanis and Pakistanis will ask for the money which they spent on them.
Farmers will stay on the borders until government comes to the table. MSP on 23 fassals in law is needed by the farmers. Vote ki chot. No vote for bjp. Bjp will loose state governments. Indian from UK.
It's  high time Modi put a stop to this farmer protest.
Ok but why don't you mention that police had even blocked the road which was agreed for the farmers rally. Why being one sided?
To add to your presentation, current system is flawed that Govt never made serious effort to create sustainability for farmers rather used them to solve its problem of revenue loss due to import of rice and wheat in past. In that process Govt exploited or made farmers to exploit water of Punjab to a level that soon Punjab will be without drinking water if current system continues. With new laws Govt absolves itself completely from the responsibility  of making farming sustainable partly because current Govt is incapable of governance and partly because current Govt. ruined revenue structure badly with demonetization and flawed GST. Now Govt wants private corporations to make decisions for the benefit of farmers and this is the most laughable solution offered by Govt for the 'Benefit' of farmers. 
Shame on you ,4 farmer died ,and you noting said about this
6. Food security undermined? Right now our buffer stocks are 90 million tonnes of food grains while we need only 41 million tonnes of food grains. Therefore we are already food surplus. We are now producing 1.75 kg food grains per capita per day, while we need hardly 1/2 kg (500 gms) of food per capita per day. In addition our Nominal protection coefficient is on an average 0.87 indicating that we can export and earn 13 percent higher price abroad. Therefore all the 3 laws are useful for farmers. There may be need for some small changes such as approaching civil court for dispute resolution, and these may be accommodated. Else the entire Act in its entirety is helpful to farmers.
SG sir , u support farms laws openly. But there are many economists who dont have same thoughts like u. 
Completely motivated, false, misleading report. This is not farmer's agitation. Diverse interests - except genuine farmers -  have united to create anarchy, hoping to push their own agenda. Will fizzle out sooner.
Must watch to know the situation of our farmers.
Back to square one. Now I think another group of farmers will start a protest and create problems for bringing it back. I think the farmer situation is hopeless. They themselves don't know what they want.
#TALIBANI_FARMER
Also this year alone the the US govt has given farm subsidies of $56 Billion dollars to save it from collapse as agriculture is just not a profitably viable sector anywhere however it is essential for anyones survival and therefore its always the governments which handhold it.
Farmers are selling to corporates from years this law's just make procedure more visible. Corporates don't want to buy from small farmers.
People who hardly know anything about India, including the farm laws are raising their voices as if its gonna change anything. 
The laws are said that any situation of farmer not acquire the hold land of farmer to private company
These questions are genuine, important and threatening to both farmers and consumers. Unless these questions are answered, there will be agitation.
India, don't let ruthless capitalists take over your country, listen to your farmers!
This Modi Govt don't care two hoots about any farmer issues
Great thanks so much VR sporting farmer hard-working people and small business 
Government should add bavk the daily use essentials  of consumers. In the way of helping farmers Modi government is hitting badly the consumers
Modi:Where is India's dad?
Please don't make this a Sikh Vs Hindu govt issue. There is a huge number of Hindu farmers from Haryana who joined the protest and helped the Punjabi farmers to reach Delhi. 
Kya bakwas headline hai. Farmer protest are a reall thing, Yeh Daljit aur kangna ki ladai nahi hai.... Daljit request kar rahein hain, tum  chetavni bol rahe ho... stop sensationalism do some journalism
Can someone pls explain all this to me...from my perspective idk why I feel that the government is correct...like they made a law for the farmers right? How is it related to taking away their land...I might be wrong so can someone explain 
You might be left leaning and ex NDTV but seeing the concern you have for our farmers. I have started respecting you. Hats off Sir. Our ideologies may be different but out goal should be the betterment of The Country and its poor section. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan
Capitol hill riots=farmers protest
We should spot the farmers because everyone's. Eat food
Three CHEERS to all the brave FARMERS, for their agitation, which is peaceful & asks for ONLY JUSTICE & their RIGHT to LI VE  a peaceful & happy life, feeding all of us citizens of this country! A BIG THANK YOU TO ALL BELOVED FARMERS, BLESS YOU ALL & MAY YOUR PRAYERS BE ANSWERED!
Salute to the all farmers.
Shame on that people who dont support farmers
Farmers who has lost their
Best analysis. All Indian citizens should watch this video even all farmers in India including people who are agitating
   +  Do u expect corporates to buy for the profits of their company or farmers u stupids at least even they are corrupt govt has the responsibility to help farmers
This is a welcome relief. Elderly farmers were doused by water hoses last year in cold temperatures, and demonized for it. 
godi media will never show this
we support farmers protest
ban the bjp govt ban modi
yogi and modi both are goons 
many farmers have died protesting but the govt is blind
please save the farmers
power to my farmer brothers we are with you
jai jawan jai kisaan i support farmers
godi media is showing rakesh tikait as bad
modi is such a conman
save democracy i will never vote for bjp
extremist government should be shameful poor farmers are suffering
they want assuarance msp should be given
farmers will be fooled by private players
how can poor farmers win against private players
kisan mange puri karo jai jawaan jai kisaan
rakesh tikait zindabad modi murdabad
govt is doing lathi charge fascist government
zee news and godi media is spreading hatred
historical victory of farmers govt has lost
kisan bhahiyo ki jeet hui 
power to my kisan brothers long live india
good coverage by ndtv we support ravish kumar
bjp chor he modi chor kisan ko loot rahe he
kisan mandi me jake bech sakta he
we should stand for right of farmers
farmer feed us we should support them
andhbhakts will say they are fake 
andhbhakto ko lagta he kisan nakli he
shame on godi media spreading false news