we need farm bills to be implemented
we support the government the farm bills are right
the government is right the bills are good for farmers
the govt should not listen their demands these are fake protestors
why the protestors are not wearing a mask
where is social distancing
they are not farmers they are khalistanis 
these are not farmers these are khalistani terrorists
they are protesting without knowing the reality 
rakesh dacoit is doing this for publicity
godi media will never show this
we support farmers protest
ban the bjp govt ban modi
yogi and modi both are goons 
many farmers have died protesting but the govt is blind
please save the farmers
power to my farmer brothers we are with you
jai jawan jai kisaan i support farmers
godi media is showing rakesh tikait as bad
modi is such a conman
Well farmers can't read and once big companies enters into direct contracts with the farmers the middle men stop making money. Lots of rich people have a lot to lose. But eventually these rich companies might just screw the farmers... Best case is the famers form cooperatives and negotiate in bulk.
For non Indians Kindly support punjab haryana famers in India.....it is do or die for us....raise your voice for us ......your support is much needed
Catering to small farmers isnt financially helping them or the country at all.  
Central Govt. is just greedy to earn Money as TAX from these all "BIG FISHES" in the name of Welfare of Farmers.
2. SDM will be the last where farmers can go for their disputes with companies. This is India, everyone know how are administration works, there must be an option to file a case in judiciary otherwise Farmer will never get what he deserve.
Love from Pakistan to farmers
After death of 71 farmers, the government still remains unaffected.
Said to see the reality of so called modern, educated and independent India. Leaders should not forget theirs oaths. This is the failure of democracy. Government of the people has turn against them. Only God knows what happen next. Let's hope for best!
World Supports the Farmers of India. If the Farmers do not get a fair opportunity to live and work in a free market, how will the people of India eat? Modi must of got a slap from GOD.
Today, Farmers are leaving from this place after a year protest.
Great to see everyone supports poor farmers. Modi should not kill Indian farmers and their families otherwise someone might try to do something.
Vox knows more about the farmers protest then the British prime minister 
The world has a big gap between rich and poor but India and more under MODI and BJP the RIch and poor gap in india  is astounding beyond belief , in my opinion  BJP and the RIch Gujarati are taking over India .
In my area potato is a major crop, farmers have been sending their final crop to nearby districts and even to nearby statea depending on where they are getting better prices.
so many episodes to destroy the image of farmers...and just one video of yours 
Free  Punjab and haryana hindu oppression of Sikhs and Christians must be  Canada supports 
Also there are other points not mentioned how farmers in this region became over reliant on govt buying grain from them from national reserves, how dairy industry functions without any govt mandi or that it's not always big corporations vs small farmer, Indian market is not same as US market, here t
leaving things to corporate sector will be the biggest mistake.. that is what farmers are protesting for..  Indian corporate sector is one of the worst in the world.. leave agricultural sector, is there anyone that is happy in any other private sector.. why do then everyone wants a government job..
1. Essential commodities be restored 2. Minimum price ensured and implement..
so at the end the consumers want the vegetable and grains at dead cheap price..... but the same consumers will shed crocodile tears for the poor farmer at the same time rt !!
Such bills are already implemented in America and European countries there are no such good results for farmers in those countries, After these bills debt on farmers increased and sucide rates in America got increased..
Salute to farmers
Why don't you beep everything and claim modi was driving it, what a example of reporting he said vehicle belongs to das, if you want to oppose someone point out the faults don't fabricate them. What else to expect from Rubbish
Now i understand y there was a lot of opposition from the farmers... And i support their view...
No Farmer No Food - Kisan 
Farmers protest is revolutionary and historical.
Salute to farmers they r so energetic
The blood of 700 farmers is still owed to Modi
Reality me feeling sad for small and marginal farmers.
This is why i hate politics..it's really dirty I just feel pity for the farmers taking so much hardships..if the govt listen to them this would nevr happen.
Repealing these are more of a political move than the concern shown by the government towards farmers.
When we consider North indian farmers , most of them are not aware of the marketing possibilities, in short they become dependent on middle mens.
How cruel this bjp modi ji party ..hurted sikhs allotted
I will always side with the farmers!
Truly they were not hindu muslim sikh they were farmers,the last time British United Indians the same way .
These are not real farmers
Indian cuisine is extremely diverse and each town to region depends on the local farmer to produce that variety of crops to meet the variety of food. In that sense it is similar to Italy's diversity of food.  These laws will destroy the Indian cuisine. The laws promote mono culture farming. It promo
Last and the most important thing of this protest is that if there are private players in it there will be no  monitoring the MRP of crops so even if they provide MSP to farmers the new farm bill be problematic for lower and middle class of our country 
You missed a larger point which made the Govt. sit & think over. At the recent inauguration of the Expressway by PM a lot of UP buses were deployed to bring people from villages to show PM is still popular. But all those buses returned to the inaugural site practically empty & PM show was damp squib
Anyone who has work cant really stay at a protest this long. If you are not satisfied with the political leadership you have the democratic right to change the ruling party. Why most proesters are from only punjab and haryana. Please research how the green revolution is destroying the indian economy
1. The fixation of MSP by doing analysis of cost incurred by farmers to bring their products to saleable conditions & penalty including jail  for not abiding by MSP rules.
Monsanto is the root cause of *SO MUCH EVIL AND GREED* within the World's agricultural industry.  Farmers in the United States & India are both suffering as a result of Monsanto's monopoly on genetically-modified seeds. - If you haven't watched it yet, I highly recommend watching "Food, Inc." on Net
Respect  to our farmers Waheguru mehar kari 
Mr ankit I challenge u on this debate u r mould by fake news by  gvt propeganda I bet u as normal farmer
Proud to be a farmer
I am so happy the farmers wontheir long and difficult struggle paid off. This is an inspiration for all of us no doubt
I am standing with farmers and its their victory against dictatorship.
I love modi Ji equal to my parents we want to Tamilnadu God always with him one and only honest pm in India Iron Man of India our pm I love very much our pm
All the farmers will stop protesting if govt announce minimum price of buying produce from farmers. 
 No government is above/ greater than Farmers, people and students.. ..  
I stand with the farmers.. respect from canada
This poorr farmer drinks cofee in 5 star hotel only
We are with farmers who are feeding more than 100 crores citizens and exporting food grains to many countries.
Its so sad plenty of farmers got killed and suffers may god bless them 
I believe this is a wise move by the BJP and PM Modi. I would encourage the government to go further one step and repeal all subsidies that in actual fact benefit the middle man and unscrupulous landlords. Let each individual states to sort their own subsidies for their farmers in the absence of ref
In bihar no mandi the farmers are rich ?? Kon unke ket se uthata ??
Bjp pagal ho gayi hai...... Another sign after shahen bhag and bengal election..... Shame on Modi.....
3. After some time when mandies   are dissolve then if the companies deny to take the produce what happened to the farmer.
Modi: Umm... sorry guys, I was dumb back then, I promise I won't do this again, I swear this is not due to elections coming up. 
Its a big victory for farmers in the history of independent India.I bow down to all farmers who died during this farmers protest.
I am a farmer and i support farms act, this will not only help me increase my earnings but also channelise a supply chain to boost economy
I understand this video is a month old but please cover all angles. Mainly farmers from 2-3 states out of 30 states protested .  
700 farmers lost their precious life in this protest
The central ministers showed more urgency and planning for the rallies in municipal elections in Hyderabad than the farmers issues.
You tell 'reformer modi',shame you as economist, not for farmer law but for note-baned.Indian economy suffering till now.
Like every profession, farming is a profession too. Why just Wheat, Rice and cotton farmers be protected? Because of this protection farmers are not producing enough of other crops. Resulting in over supply of wheat, rice and cotton when the prices of international market for these crops are low.
The video clearly shows that the broken windshield(0:06) even before the crash. This shows that the  convoy was attacked, and the convoy with a broken windshield (meaning with partial visibility) was running away from confrontation. The video also shows that the farmers at this spot were ready for t
Those aren't farmers those are Khalistani protesters. Farmers are in India .
Difference between China and India:  China can progress well by implementing good changes,  whereas India can't implement any change due to their political system.  About this farmer's issue, I watched a documentary how political opposition is gathering NON-FARMERS to impersonate as real farmers and
For non-native Indian speaking on certain Indian issue who has little understanding of, I would say Trevor has did an okay job. But he missed alot at the same time. The laws are also supported by millions, there are certain groups and states who also use the opportunity to use the situation to creat
big win for the farmers
More power to farmers- they are the real heroes of our Nation 
This is just an ALTERNATIVE MECHANISM. FARMERS CAN STILL GO TO MANDIS AND SELL THEIR PRODUCE, if they don't want to opt for Corporate farming or don't want to sell their produce at some higher/lower price. 
Except that "Farmer's Bill" everything was spoken by protesters ...janta pareshan majdoor pareshan and sabne apni pareshani inhi logo ko to btaayi hai.
I really wanted to know what farmer's were protesting about and this video helped a lot. Thanks!!
This time modi messed with the wrong people. Punjabis And Haryanvis! 
5) Punjab, Haryana are the two states who were getting most benefit from the current sstate of MSPs. They are not the only farmers in the country. 
For those who say farmers are creating difficulties,by protesting on the borders.Just stay in your fucking homes and watch R Bharat for the rest of your lifes and ask modi g to send 15L rupees in your accounts.
Government has to translated these bills into all languages and distribution among the farmers, so they can understand. Also government should explain it directly to the farmers, so that the farmers should have knowledge about it.
People suffer in this Tughlaq govt. Demonitization, GST, CAA, farm laws, petrol hikes, .... Impose overnight without knowing implications and sometimes withdraw unnoticed after damage just to safeguard BJP. Another big failure in the cap of BJP, dissolve and impose President rule, save nation and it
I'm from India nd one thing that I want to ensure is that this time Modi's government will go down for sure as all the Indians are with farmers
Only Punjab formers against it ... First debate or educate them instead taking their cause and shouting at government
They are not closing Mandi system, it is just a parallel system which will force APMC to become more competitive. 
So I would request with farmers protesters to be watchful from Kejriwal. Jai jawan jai kisan. Our heartiest salutations to all farmers of the country.
Not all people who support farm laws believe that the farmers moment is a Khalisthani movement. There are a lot of them who have  welfare of farmers at their heart and believe that farm laws were a right step in that direction. If you categorize all those that hold a view point other than that of yo
Be always  alert,keep eyes and ears open, bjp can any lowest possible thing to torpedo this movement ,kisaan mazdoor ekta zindabad BJP murdabad.
All because of people not understanding how the laws are beneficial and how they would make farmers more affluent as well as help india as a country become stronger and have a higher GDP. Its a shame to see.
Indian farmers voice needs to be heard and accepted.
Farmers will not die with corona virus they will be die with these bills instead farmers will lose their lands,they will be lose income if they let big business decide prices and buy crops
"Nxt time you see 'Indian Farmers' trending you'll have a little idea of what it all means". Still he didn't disclose the whole situation. Hijacking the protest by pro-khalistanis, benefits of these laws, toolkit case and who is responsible for Red fort clash & disrespect of Tiranga.
  video by genuine person to understand new farmer law
How retailers will earn if we start purchasing products from farmer as such its a chain, if we break a chain and directly connect it with manufacturers how they will be able yo earn??
*"Why are farmers protesting ?"*
I hope someday you can do some honest reporting. Today, sadly, I don't see that happening. The sheer unpopularity of these protests is what you don't show. The absolute need for farming reform is what you don't cover. Media loves drama and they are playing this up to fill airtime in India. Your echo
Elections are coming modi needs vote
Please support bjp party
the failure here is of the government much more so than the farmers.
Reform ke naam pe dhoka tha ye. Next time sahi se bill banaeye with MSP guarantee.
Let them live in a gutter if they want, it was said by rajeev Gandhi to mohammad arif khan for muslim on shah bano case, now i want to say to the every farmers, i didn't get a point, while 1000 farmer were doing suicide in old system, then how it could be a better system...
kisaano c desh h desh c kisaan ni we must support with farmers ...   anaaj c zinda rahoge goumutr ya gobr c ni
This jahil tikket and his rich farmers will not stop untill they get election tickets.... Their sponsorers donot want to stop .... 
I mean laws scraped. Farmers should sit with government and make amendmemts so that it turns out win win situation for farmers, middleman and consumers like legalise MSP.
India m law bnne se phle hi log uske against ho jate hai...jisse se law pass hi nhi ho pata and India develop ni ho pata....
MSP will be there and mandis will be there too but farmers can sell their farm products outside which is actually depends on farmers GOI cant force them.
Stop calling Indian farmers. Its only Punjab only Punjabi farmers
i tolly agree with this video.... but resons behind why farmers are protesting (in my opinion) is this that a particular farmer in haryana and punjab mostly grows wheat and rice ( mainly small farmers)....  and when they have to sell their products they will get less prices and when they have to buy
Ive tears in my eyes after watching all the videos. how could people be so ruthless that too on our farmers. They arent terrorists man, enforce your orders on other culprits whom youre protecting since ages. Ashamed of this nation and whole machinery. Its just unbearable.
Farmers protests is very important in India because the new agriculture laws against former to lot of suffering.the new agriculture laws benefited to the corporate
It could help a lot to farmers if technology is brought into. To prevent crop fails, or put uniformity and standards, solve irrigation, legalise, insure crop, improve efficiency, productivity, machines, iot,5g and many things. To catch up with the world we need to use technology,  transform to a nex
Mr Khan in price assurance bill if there is a "breach of contract" than it will be against law and the party will have to give the price which was agreed upon. That is why it should be done under the supervision of government staff
"But you need the mandi system to coexist with private trading system. Perhaps the government needs to come out with a written law that they will not withdraw the MSP or the mandi system
I come from an India where people believe in opposing the government by spreading negative news against made-in-India vaccine
I also must remind u that only the punjab and haruna farmers are protesting a lot . Farmers of other states do not have much problem.  So the farm laws must be a recommendation and amendable so that each state can take it if they want to and if they take it then it can be changed as per the farmers 
All farmers are not against this law ..this people are anti nationals
Great Documentary to showcase to our future generations. Farmers are backbone of The country. pls support them for their rights .
why is it only Punjab farmers have a problem and no one else in India.....Seem staged 
Thanks bbc for making documentary for farmers ..in same    time most of Indian media became Godi media
Proud to be son of farmer
Congratulations to Farmers, country is with them
Mr. Gurucharan Das, is a known supporter of Capitalism.. He has absolutely no concern for Farmers..
Wait till the prices of foodgrain goes up , and see how the bjp funds every policeman to buy those foodgrains.
Also that this bill are copy paste laws of europe and usa which didnt worked out in their country so govt need to think from all perspective so that no one is harmed morally and financially
700 Farmers have given their lives just to remove these 3 Farm Laws which is a very sad part of this fight. BJP govt could have done it much before and saved farmers lives but the reason they did it now is out fear of losing UP elections...
Thank you guys for putting a light on farmers problem
Very good action by farmers of neighbouringvokkege
the minimum support price was lower than the international price of the goods. After 2010
That's a Great day for farmers.....pr yeh kanun wapis le ne se jan gaya hua kisan zinda honge 
No one come to help farmer and poor people .
Let farmers decide what they want not politicians.
Thank you for supporting the farmers
True leader tikait sir. Long live revolution. Long live India. Jai hind. 
Beautifull, great work farmers!
Wow those people are telling benefits of farm bills to farmers who even don't know the difference between coriander(dhaniya) and mint (pudina). As a Delhite I support farmers they are only protesting  for their rights.
Thank you BBC for continued coverage of Indian Farners. They're struggle is like looking in to the past and future for all farming and agriculture around the world. Past, from US agriculture perspective, where farmers are forever in debt and it's easier to conglomerate until a few big companies mana
Make more more videos because godi don't show reality of farmers
Little guy can take so much! However, Farmers here have been protesting peacefully for months, camped up on freezing streets and this march was also peaceful, bar small section that had been lead stray by negative forces within the ruling bjp party.
No other countyr govt buys food items from farmers at MSP prices and sells them at subsidy to poor at Rs. 1 or 2 or free. How much can the govt buy at MSP prices as already the godowns are full with requiremnet for next 3 yrs.
At 2:33:00 you made a nice story that farmers cant get the MSP in APMC (probably just to justify that MSP is waste, so if there is no MSP by private players, its justified), but since you are a knowledgeable person, why you did not also mentioned that govt have too many agencies to deal with corrupt
Stand for our farmers
Farmer .....You are the best
#istandwithfarmers
Back to square one. Now I think another group of farmers will start a protest and create problems for bringing it back. I think the farmer situation is hopeless. They themselves don't know what they want.
Lol indian farmer protest. Not even one single Indian Flag
These same farmers who most benefited from green revolution 
Shame Shame Zee for not respecting farmers
One harsh truth is that the business men pay taxes and farmer take loans and the gov waive their loan. Please think rationally.
Basically BJP govt is trying to transform the Indian economy into the capitalist form...
4) company take responsibility  farmers land and family to protect. 
They are earning 5 crore every year. Same thing going on in mysore. There are 12000 so called mandyies functioning in Punjab only. Agitation in Delhi against this bill participant are not farmers. They're billionners and others are hired or paid illiterate farmers. This are the  very fact behind the
Kashmir was demolished, UP was demolished. Every State Govt was demoralised. Now Punja, Haryana, UP people and farmers are attacked. Finally now in turn Farmers Gone into Red Fort. The reason is not farmers. The sole reason is false laws and false prestige of Govt.
I have one simple question........ The farmers are living in 29 states in India and why this protest are ongoing from couple of states? From other states there are no protests exists. What is the cause? Other farmers are accepting the new farmer's law? If that, then we should think for them also. As
Show our map correctly and than talk about our farmers
 thanku lallan top for supporting farmers protest
This is scary as the private players will inevitable exploit the farmers and all of us.
It seems the 3rd Party other than the farmers or common man (tax payers) are going to make the most profit.  Thank you for this video sir. 
I totally understood what Modi said, from today onwards i will totally not buy anything from rich Kisan ( one state ), and buy from poor Kisan's of every state of India.
Actually the ones those are protesting are not farmers, they are middle man  called maandi,  they buy  crops from  farmers  with a very low price , and sell it to the  corporate with very high price , through new bill   now a days farmers can directly sell they're  crops to any one
Gov can store Essential commodities but not private players hence msp ll remain intact.
Once, Modi decides on any issue, he never backs off. Take the example of GST and demonetization. BJP came to power again in 2019 LS elections, after its implementation.
Shameless and Arrogant Prime Minister. According to BJP, Democracy starts and ends with Election.
Just see bihar agriculture sector growth of around 13% in recent time after similar reforms, where as  punjab once called rice bowl of India with highest per capita income in 2000 has decreased to 3rd or 4th highest cultivation and 13th highest GDP per capita . Reforms of green revolution has done i
its not a huge farm protest, only one region of the farmer in the country protested. and with excess in population the numbers always seems bloated for the media.
This proved these laws were wrongly drafted and wrongly implemented and forced on to Farmers. It is big win for farmers.
How many millionaire farmers in India who pay no taxes? They dont want any reform.
But sorry to say, cheating - it's not the mistake of agents. It's the lack of unity in between farmers. Offcourse illetrate and the failure of societies.
This guy has no idea . First go and read the Act. Secondly most of these people are either middle men or are paid for this protest ,or are so called liberal gang and also people from communist party . Real farmer like us are already in talks with the govt. I know this because I'm from punjab they we
I salute to brave heart farmers to stand against such dictator government. Very very egoistic Prime Minister india have right now. I hope people will understand and bring back the democracy
Finally feku had to wake up from his arrogance ...hail farmer
Sorry, this is not a kishan aandolan. It was the vested interests and oppositions' game plan to harass a democratic govt of Modi, because Modi is not a lootera or chor .Instead, the honest and nationalist PM stops their loot and compel them to spend sleepless nights. Tikayet and company are merely t
These are not really farmers. After every demand, their new demand will come.
Plz implement 3 law for Hindu farmers
Government should not allow hoarding of crops/pulses as small farmers without quantity or storage would be vulnerable. Also make MSP legally binding in Contract Farming too.
Is there is really an issue, can somebody explain what is the issue. And this protesting in foreign is hypocrisy. If you care so much about farming in India then you would not live and settle in developed nations.
Completely stand with my farmer brothers and sisters!
Jaya Prakash Narayana in Andhra Pradesh support the farmers bill. JP clearly explains the Farmers bill. He is ex IAS officer and politician and great mind.... Farmers bill is needed... We support Farmers bill as a farmer son.
No Teni speech incited his son Ashish Mishra to run over farmers and do an act of homicide amount to murder.
1. APMC exploit farmers, which usually run by powerful middlemen. Example - Farmers in Maharashtra in 2019 got Rs 8/kg for onions whereas the SP was Rs 99/Kg or how farmers only got Rs 2/Kg for onions in 2018 in AP and so many countless stories, farmers who have a contract with MCD for potatoes in I
Congratulations to all the farmers for making history, the next generation will definitely get inspired from you all. 
 farmers  Now Modiji will pretend tobe a most kindhearted and loving one PM to farmers and people at large.
BJP Answer: Congress was wrong
With heavy hearted  after the announcement of repeal of farm law's i must say ISS DESH KA KUCH NAHI HO SAKTA.
The nation with the farmers and the black law passed by Modi government must repeal at the earliest so that the farmers will go home safely but Modi sold the farm sector to his friends like Ambani and Adani years back and don't want to cancel the bill for his corporate friends benefit? The Delhites 
full support lenhdy punjab walon
Removing of MSP will effect farmers big time because they will lose their sure income from 2 crops wheat and rice. 
Those who are protesting worldwide are friends or relatives of those farmers from state of Punjab and Haryana. The new reforms are applied to the entire nation but community of these two states are creating trouble. They are not realizing that reforms are to prevent corruption and abuses of the farm
Best way to solve farmers crisis is to make them leave farming and do some other job. No farmer want their children to do farming, when less than 10% of working population dependent directly on farming their crisis will also become less and less serious. How developed world manages these things?
Without farmers there is no kingdom if farmers leaves farming can't imagine even single day
First thing..Its not pan India, its only Punjab n Haryana farmers... Pls google cannot spoon feed... second proposed farm law are out there in public domain n how its going to help formers...again pls google.. its free... third Greta toolkit investigation..... pls pls google.... End of day I m thank
Since when did 'Farmers' start keeping swords?
Just sit back hold on for some more months and do not vote for the existing government, instead choose one independent candidate who represents farmers. Govt. got a massive vote share in last up elections that's why they are so egoistic
I stand with Farmers..... Farmer demand is genuine !!
They aren't farmers. They're khalistanis. You must do your research before putting up this video.
RIP TO ALL THE FARMERS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES .
Yeah so it's better to open market for farmers.Citizens make a nation strong. Where we have citizens who make cartel against farmers (the hard workers) to get undue profit, it's very difficult to progress. People of this nation need to change and stop exploiting or finding loop holes in law. Law is 
And the government repelled the laws on the auspicious day of Guru Nanak Jayanti, to appease the  farmers in Punjab and Haryana (who are mostly Sikh) obviously to increase vote bank. But our farmers won't pay heed to such tactics. Hum nahi bhoolenge.
I think you have misunderstood that farmers protest is because they were not explained clearly. Let me tell you from the close conversations with pro Khalistanis. It's not about farmers but it's about craving for blood from the disguised NGO donations from ISI,PTI and Khalistan Sikhs. Just doesn't m
In the regime of Narendra Modi and his party-BJP, his ideology source-RSS do not care what happens to people outside their circle of interest 
Tikait is a wise and honest person. Country should support him.
Listen guys make sure that we will throw out bjp from India in 2024
Huge respect for both farmers and the channel. If you dont let the world know what is happening, their voices will be muted by political clowns. I know that, being part of fisherman's community.
Its not hard. Respect democracy. Repeal the 3 bills. Simple.
Only logical solution I feel, MSP must be increased. APMC's must be abolished immediately as they are totally controlled by politacians who are drinking blood of farmers. Ie
I wonder how the middlemen are not too powerful. I think they would have done the same thing which the private companies could  do like snatching all the land. Since a private company want to stay in the Indian and follow laws they can't do it against the will of Indian government. They can kick any
I just know farmers in my village are happy with the laws. APMC mandies  are thugs and exploit farmers.
Our farmers are the strongest farmers in the world 
Show the real footagea. Like those tractors ramming into the police ans using swords to attack the police while the police remaining thoroughly passive. This is not any farmer's protest anymore.
I support Farmers 
We are proud of our farmers..BJP spread so manyriots earlier...cant trust politicians now
This is all because of MSP and APMC
Congratulations, after almost 1 years all 3 farm laws are repealed
Already several other companies are doing contract farming ,and It is good for farmers, if more companies are coming there will be more demand.
Those voilent acts blamed on farmers was actually a cleverly executed drama of the ruling political party members disguised as farmers. This was what actually happened in delhi on republic day and is unraveled later.
earlier laws never benefitted other states so not giving clearance to these new laws will result in much greater farmer protest 
Feku want to apologise now but how about the farmers who died during the protest.
Update: The farm bills are repealed. So this wonderful thing called democracy Works!!!
After election Modi will again get back the farm bills with some other name n scheme 
Farmers may be given choice to sell their product anywhere in India for better price as per their choice. It is not retreat of govt but honouring north India farmers decision.
Congress ruled the country for more than 65 years and they did nothing to upgrade archaic laws! It has taken 55 years for the country to come-up with new laws for farm sector. When the relevance of a political party becomes low, resistance to any change is obvious. Now it is the role of state govern
1. Responsibility of compliance of any legal requirement lies with the sponsor (company buying it) thus sponsor cannot make any contract & hold farmer responsible for its compliance. If so the contract will be void. -  Hence saying that sponsors can add anything in the contract is complete rubbish. 
the way the indian gov. has treated the farmers in the last 3 decades is enough to see the burocrats burning
Now if you have completed reading the above crap and have seen this highly informative video, read about parliamentary committee reports, research, white papers on indian farming for last 10-15 years (if not more) to know positives and risks of the new law.
Salute to our farmers
Just like this video, the farm bills are shitty and are going to destroy all of Punjab's economy.  Please refrain from putting videos on the stuff you don't understand. Farmers know what is good for them, that is why they are protesting.
Elections coming! Oh what a power these elections hold! They can even make the biggest of the biggest politicians bow their heads! We should have elections every month! Then India will truly progress! (Maybe online elections)
crying for farmers
2.First two laws are not mandatory it's upto the farmers to decide to sell the products anywhere anytime and to anybody
More power to the Farmers!! 
corporate will  take away  lands of  small farmers
4. Land acquisition act is not just necessary for farm sector but more importantly for establishing Industries... isn't it? Moreover, in a country like ours, poor farmers need jobs with steady incomes rather than farming outputs which are very much dependent on many variables such as monsoon, MSP, P
Everything is not exploitation. That way you can say that Ola-Uber are exploiting cab drivers, Amazon Flipkart are exploiting small traders. Fact is farming is a risky business, where the output is reliant on climate, water, and so many market factors. And if the crops failed or there is over produc
Shameful movement for countary,sudhir ji please express your condolences to our farmers death
This is the victory of goons and goondas. Real farmers will suffer more.
farmers won & GODI lost but there should be no vote for BJP in upcoming elections
Shame on bjp and their supporters.The minister and his son should in jail .
FARMERS DONT GET FAIR PRICES TODAY. Open markets are the best bet ahead. Providing MSP on every is infeasible, it'll hinder growth. These laws are important to improve the state of farming economy in India.
(Not sure if its mentioned / added in the bill but Govt ensures - MSP system and Mandis will continue.)
It is untrue that small farmer's will be affected (give the fact why) small farmer's actually will get better price than now why
YE OPPOSITION VALE HAI -- CONGRESS, AAP, BSP , SAMAJVADI , AMIM PARTY
acha ab samaj aya then i support farmers
I wonder why they said we are not in need of these farm bills instead of saying these bills are going to hurt their business. Are they afraid that the farmers of other states too will be able to sell their produce to the corporates?
22. These middlemen/ brokers had a free run in not only exploiting our farmers, but also evading taxes till date.
MODI JI DOING GOOD. IF THESE PROTESTORS HAD FAITH ON USELESS CONGRESS FOR 70 YEARS THEN WHY CAN'T THEY HAVE FAITH ON MODI JI. MY QUESTION IS WHY MAJORITY OF FARMER UNIONS FROM DIFFERENT PARTS OF COUNTRY HAVE AGREED. ARE NOT THEY FARMERS??????  BEFORE BLAMING ANY ONE " BE THE CHANGE THAT U WANT TO SE
Honestly explained the truth of farmer's protest  love from Panjab
Kisi se poocho jo law govt leke aaye isme problem kya hain. APMC and mandi is not helping the farmers for last 70 yrs.
The bills were withdrawn due  to two reason which were less mentioned, The re-rise of Khalistan terrorism (also the boost from Pakistan politics in it) and as usual.......guess.....the media houses and the half knowledge videos like this.
BJP must immediatly suspend all their politicias like Khattar and Mishra who spread violance against farmers. Jay Shree Ram, Bharat Mata ki jay.... Jai Jawaan... Jay Kishan.. .    Khattar aur Mishra jaisa BJP ke gundo ko jail...  kishano ko MSP ka labh mile..... 700 mara kishano ko nyay mile...Jay S
It's Govt who pressured police to stop Farmer's March to Delhi. I think all Farmer's from neighbor state should support n participate this agitation . Aaj juko gi to Kal bi jukhna padega....so abhi khara ho jaw to Kal bi khara honge
You have given a good explanation of the problem. But I still do not understand why 26 out of 28 states in India are not protesting against this new law.
Farmers will have right to sell  anywhere in India rather than local mandi where they cant get profit.
I don't understand. If your eating and living outside the India and supporting such protest without any studies. It Useless. because you are paying tax to outside country not in India.
I once met a farmer from Punjab who had a jaguar and almost all his land to him, they aren't poor. They're probably the riches sector of Punjabi society there is. Come down south if you want to see poor farmers. Have some shame.
Congratulations to the farmers of India 
We Indians can't incorporate the same system as in the USA, USA was an industrialised nation that took up farming but India is a farming community since thousands of years who took up industrialization later on. Their roots are industrialists our are farmers. We need to strengthen our roots
Stock limit: The Ordinance requires that imposition of any stock limit on agricultural produce must be based on price rise.  A stock limit may be imposed only if there is: (i) a 100% increase in retail price of horticultural produce; and (ii) a 50% increase in the retail price of non-perishable agri
What bullshit...he supports in parliament and rejects in front of kisan ...
From this explanation, farmers also need to be trained to have better understanding of the best price for their produce instead of keeping our farmers in a perpetual state of ignorance or poor farmers can not handle or understand these legalities or smart applications. WHEN ado we want our farmers t
I don't think any user in comment box uses BSNL sim or travel in air india flight... Whatever products they are using in personal life comes from so called corporates..And cost are reasonable because of fair competition. But some ppl are creating  havoc against corporates.
My people, sending love from London  #NoFarmersNoFood
In the second bill, will the farmers be able to sell in mandi/APMC yards if they don't like the Pvt company's price? Or the mandi/APMC yard structure is discarded ? Also will the MSP stay on some products in mandi/APMC yard?
They should have discussed the bill with the stakeholders (farmers leaders) who will be impacted. Instead they rushed the bill amid covid.
Congratulations to the farmers. I hope cloud of politics will be washed away and better drafted law will be tabled.
Don't believe his word he's lier n cheater from beginning so Upcoming elections he's doing all drama to gain public interest . Kissan must continue the protests till 2022 end don't believe Modi anymore dear Kisaan seat at the same place and continue protests. ..jai kissan jai hindh #
6 : 43 aunty will you stop eating from today cause u should . U won't get food if farmers will die each day .
I donot understand why all people crying for MSP MSP.... when only 6% of profuce is procured within MSP... do you really think it will work? Nope... If they can't get MSP in mandi... How the hell u expect this from private
Finally someone talking about the injustice done to the farmers in India.
U should have contacted atleast few farmers  before making this video  it would have helped for better understanding of the bill and at end u ending up with exact matter and source of info shared
Salute to farmers no farmer no food
Farmers law is a good law . I support this law and government decision 
Indian farmers, how dare you speak and conduct strikes against the BJP led government in India....?
You will get your answers. India is changing and change needs reforms.. pseudo farmers
So indian farmers are all about punjabis which means farmers from bengal odisha and uttar pradesh are idiots its a Punjabi farmers protest not indian farmer protest.
Yogi should lose In this election. Farmers should win.
Today farmers win and BJP government loose
You have not answered why farmers from Punjab are protesting against new laws despite there will be no Mandi Tax 8 to 8.5% as per new laws.
Can someone help me understand, why are farmers protesting, I still don't get it. It seems as if these things help the farmers
Unbaised . Only one flaw in new farmer bill have you seen price hike in essential goods
New bill will be introduced soon , once elections are over
new MODI GAME to win next election....
 9. In 2021 january govt gave a option to protesting farmers union that it will hold the laws till 2 years until 
Vice media i have a question for you if u have guts and balls den think how amul and ashirvad atta is running there farmers are involved in large scale do you find them fighting? In india more than truth u will find more propaganda!!!
The history will remember them and look back at this glorious unity support farmers
Hello! we in the USA did this to our society and economy first with the same devastating results occurring from 1915 until the 1990's!and still occurring today! We have the same problem and require the same answer. Nobody will accept the answer because it means total economy collapse and reset. the 
Govt is right , i support modi
Maximum damage has been done to farmers. There was no way for the govt.  No proper debate or discussion in parliament.  A great victory for the farmers. Their will power must be appreciated. At last BJP scared to face the forthcoming elections.  The PM could have talk to the farmers directly, but he
Do you know?: Contract farming is linked with indian legal marrijuana market.
Brother please support farmers 
The best alternative is to leave it to the free market to decide the best price for farmers and also the best crop they should produce. Handholding will not produce lazy and uneconomical farmers. Farmers of today may not have bargaining power but they are no longer the uneducated and ignorant masses
whole protest is turned such way by  influencers on social media and opposition parties in India  that these laws are harmful and farmers will loose security  .
Worst prime minister of india modi
Hey all... I as a citizen of India respect farmers the most... Without farmers none of us  will hv food on our table.. But farmer's protest in USA, UK or other countries regarding the bills or laws of Indian government makes no sense to me. I request all our farmer brothers and sisters, please come 
Ha,ha,ha, the farmers are saying they are not fighting the police are saying that they are not fighting, the farmers say that they are belong to India, the police also say they also are Indian so who are fighting whom I wonder.
You have told only half of the facts, and that too only Govt side's. The main contentions of farmers that is why they are objecting is not properly and not completely discussed.
Only when all support farmers, then our nation will be a developing nation. Its really good explanation about farmers. Farmers are our sole energy of our nation. Let's stand with them.... as we all farmers..
I am happy ..for it... Thanks for supporting Farmers..l love basic gyan
After all Modi accepted public / farmers demand.  Now Modi Govt may take steps for New New Cold Storages, New Food processing units, new Water Reservers, New GRAIN STORAGES etc etc at  every Block level  to STOP wastage of food grain by Insects, birds, Rain water etc etc. .
The Farm law would have helped the true farmer. The govt should have reached out to the actual farmer and conveyed its benefit. Now Farmer loose and Traders and middle men will benefit.  Farmer works day and night to get the invisible profit. Traders and middlemen get huge profit without doing any w
Zee news, Aaj Tak, ABP news sb Godi media hai... thanks for sharing this bro
In my town... Farmers is getting check in mandi when their stocks are being sold in the same day.. Before they have to wait almost one month or more... And also because of E- tender.. Everything need to be put on internet so govt can ask those BICHOLIYA  if they have property (unlimited) and if they
Its wrost decisions  of modi.those people make india Venezuela  and Zimbabwe  with help of Congress  and khalistani supporter.its same
Modi government only cares corporate all the rules and regulations they liberalise to favour corporate,Indian media also with there pocket so they are not giving importance to such news
Incorrectly explained .. mandis is where APMC has been exploiting farmers for many years . The auctions are not fair and the current system is where large exploitations happen
Everyone talking about the disadvantages of the new farm bill but they couldn't say what's wrong in it and what solutions they have in this regard.
It's not one sighted police is doing their job, farmers are not doing their job.
Our PM cannot pull such crowd any time but farmer's unity for justice has broken the record.
6:03 this here is the middleman that eats up a huge profit margin of farmers. Govt tried to remove this middleman system and allow farmer to get in a contract directly with an MNC and get paid accordingly. This was going to be privatisation of Agriculture in India. 
In India everybody wants change but nobody wanna change. If farm law enacted might help them but they rejected it completely. How can you expect different result by doing same thing. In Bihar aurangabad Dabur taking honey from farmers selling it under their brand. Paying them on time. What wrong in 
One reason for farmer protest is manipulation of farmers by middle men cause farmers in India  are illiterate and middle man will suffer huge losses
sad situation for our farmers.we r alive cos of the respected farmers.
These farm bills will destroy this middleman system and corporates will take over this sector in big way .
Modi ji ki beard kam hui wese hi petrol price or attitude bhi kam ho gya.. he is good pm but can be best if he takes care of indian economy and people more properly.. 
Gooooooooo the farmer's, its time to stand for your rights... untill you take it back...
Thank you, Modi Ji. We welcome your decision.
       Singh is king (No farmers no Food)
Masterstroke by Modi ji, proud on Honrable prime minister .
2. The Mandiwalas will anyway benefit, either thru Mandis/APMCs. The mandiwala cum farmer will enjoy the best advantages and they will even team up with the Corporates against whom they are protesting(no friend or enemy in making money together!)
2. REFORMS SHOULD SUPPORT FARMERS NOT THE CORPORATES 
APMC Mandis will continue to work
Why is no you tuber giving personal numbers of farmers after they interview farmers so the people who are watching from overseas countries can call them and talk with them and help them with whatever they can ..there are a lot of people out here who feel for the farmers of India but have responsibil
Modi already said bill is not forced it's Choice,it's set back for kissan and Victory of middle men of Punjab.Time will speak.
Thank you so much Farmers of our country, for not losing your dignity and self respect...
9:50 That's not boosting the farmer's income. It's boosting the middle man's income.
I saw this video in october- Nov period first, and still now it is same. Where is clause that if rain or whatever be reason crop is destroyed, contract maker still needs to pay to farmer?? Where is analysis of current model where in rich Arthiyas buy cheap and sell at higher price? Again land is not
Such an wonderful explanation !  I am amazed by hearing the data though !! Farmers are really in a very bad shape. Hope they will get themselves empowered someday and than only can match an eye with these bills or so called acts!!
The actual farmers are working in the field....and contributing to the nation
Aisa act kis kaam ka jo ki small farmers ke issues ko consider nahi karta....Small farmers are in dilemma and fear as they were earlier.
5. Online GPS network for all government and private warehouses with transparent capacities, costs and facilities like nitrogen chambers and dehumidifiers. Here also every farmer can put a price tag including warehousing fees for off-seasonal revenues.
No farmers no food !!! Thank you god for this win.
Repealing these law is loss for india especially small farmers. This is regressive step.  Few farmers from one state doesn't mean every farmer don't want it. Don't do it Modi ji
This episode is poorly done and without facts.  The intention is to help farmers and cut the middlemen from trading. Please do better research next time. Rihanna, Greta are just using this for publicity, bunch of selfish people.
Love your videos in general, but this one fails to address the key question that it itself raises...How can you justify MSPs for produce that India has in such large surplus? The answer is you can't, the free market in the end is the best known mechanism to bring prices to the reality of the true wo
IMF and World Bank says we need to move our farmers from agricultural sector and put them in industrial sector that's what the farm bills would have done also
I am with farmers. They are absolutely right and sensible. Look at that arrogant policeman and want to declare its riots created by farmers. It is sheer politics.
Yahi farmers ne 26 January ko Delhi me police walo par tractor chaleya the tab oppositions kha the?
Farmers were demanding this for a long time. Some donkeys are misleading farmers. Most people agitating are jageeradar or comrades
But the govt clarified that msp won't be affected so irrespective of the farmers cultivation cost he is still eligible for msp even outside the state
As I am researching on this yet I feel both things were not that effective all of them have flaws ,maybe ist one is effective in 1960 but this is 2021 and farmers were in bad conditions and there is a need of a something new.
Thirdly, there is no bar on farmers to sell his crop anywhere in India. Practically it is the trader who can buy more quantity of crops and sell it in other states
I see some rational people who understood the fact that these laws were indeed important to bring reforms in Farming sector , where were you , if we were united and fought against political forces this wouldn't have happened
Why our govt is doing this to our farmers
I m support of bill