This work should be done by mainstream media. Good work , keep it up.
Hope government learn from their mistakes and scrap useless anti farmer laws...otherwise Bengal up tn will b repeated and bjp will b sent to their native Gujarat
An idea of an independent Khalistan does not look so bad.
2. The flag is not Khalistan flag it is Sikh community flag just like muslims flag ( green color with a moon and a star) which is similar to Pakistan flag but cannot say they a Pakistani that shows your
They're not farmers it's pre-planned action, strict action against culprits
Unresearched and baseless journalism. This is typical of Vice news of late, sad story. Any Indian citizen will tell you these are politicians not farmers. Thanks for wasting my time.
Funny....25 to 28 years ago I studied in my social text books about middlemen, MSP and warehouses not being available for farmers. Just around when Dhruv was born.  My friends and relatives are farmers.  And in 2021 the same people who did not do much for the farmers since indpndmce are giving gyan in such videos.  Pappus are very ignorant about what happened in this country since independence, on the ground across states, and who the culprits are. People here hardly know about farming and the challenges across the country.
O00osition leaders pleasemake strong sab includingcongress sp bsp including mionority then only you can defeat  Bjp
K)  Tax factor must be considered to be imposed in order to maintain that farmers are not only feeders of the society but also tax contributors for development of nation. 
Many in Protest are supporter of Khalistani Movements they are trying to cash this situation as well.
Now,BJP tattu will say these are khalistani......
Do you think these people are educated they get manipulated by the opposition and start protesting and every other state is welcoming these laws except Punjab because most of them are unemployed and has a personal grudge towards India
Now this seems to me as Gorilla tactics of Afghanistan government forces on Taliban ofcourse with the aid of US Air strikes. Earlier Afghanistan government had to maintain long supply lines and Taliban Chooses to strike wherever it wants and now it is Afghan government's turn to strike wherever it wants and cause damage and loss to Taliban. Gorilla sword is  sharp from either side. It takes efforts to run a government and only a strike to disrupt it. Similar tactics are being played even in politics in India. It takes efforts to run the country smoothly and all it takes is a protest to bring the country to a halt. So anybody who stops the country for petty protests should be penalized for loss of production including taxes and should also be jailed for quite sometime.
Talking about the politics and how it should be played and how the tactics of the NM/AS should have been, instead of what the economic empowerment these reforms going to bring, seems like misdirecting people away from what they are fighting for. Do we have numbers or estimates of how much the economical improvement this farm laws can bring among the farmers and the Indian economy? Could you kindly share them so that people can look at them and decide themselves instead of watching your fiction/drama.
When you need khalistani votes to stay in the office.
I think the weakest part of the bill was grievance redressal system. It only allows up to the SDM level and we know the company can influence executive easily rather than Judiciary.
I used to love being Indian but now I no longer call myself this. I am Sikh Punjabi or Khalistani, we want our own country Khalistan.
PM Modi has admitted the lack of his government's efforts to make the farmers understand about the laws and their benefits.
Even the farmers who don't have any formal education understand the DIRTY POLITICS of BJP
People don't wanna change in India to grow, harsh reality, and your decision to take back these laws just open the door for liberals to protest against article 370 and caa. You look weak at the moment.
 millon dollars as donation and indian banks stoped the 
Missy in green need to read the farm laws again. Propogating for modi. Silly lady
There are Reddys village on the borders of Karnataka and Andhra, these Reddys have availed Tractors loans from Nationalised Banks and signed all the legal documents etc to avail the tractor loans.Now they are not repayjng the loans and the bank authorities are not able to recover the loans.The political bossess are solidly behind these Reddys, banks are gearing up to forgo the loans.
Sadly  they are doing everything for their own benefit not for our farmers
Kisan ka income double karna jhooth hai
Shame on India Government
If BJP thinks that they will get benefit in Punjab then it's really a good dream and now his core voters will get away with this attitude
Bht tez bnte thy Media Bandhu, tumhre Malik ke pant Gili hogyi hogi
I fully agree, Here we have a chance to create a strong Hindu party as an alternate to BJP.
Please make a video with aerial view stretching from the beginning to the end of each highway farmers have blocked. These aerial views are how we can estimate how many ppl are there in total.
Why were you people rushing you should have let Mr Rakesh Tikait speak more.
Giving your best so as to change the Mindset of 90% Typical Indians.
This proved these laws were wrongly drafted and wrongly implemented and forced on to Farmers. It is big win for farmers.
I rate Modi not less than Shivaji Maharaj, Modi is taking diverse linguistic, casteist and regions of divided India of 21st century. At the time of Shivaji, he had all powers to eliminate such opposing mindset, where as Modi is tolerant enough aspersions in democratic India 
These bills are totaly against punjabi sikhs.
Sharm karo salo farmers ko ese comments karte ho shame on you 
No one can stop kisan specially punjabi jatt don't forget if there is no punjabi sikh in army there is no india
Desh ke har insaan ko iss mudde ko sochna samjhna chahiye.......ye koi mazak nhi h it's all about our farmers the spine of country......Corona time me jb Economy Negative 23 per thi tab agriculture ne hi sahara diya tha aur bewakoof Log NITI ayog me baith gaii h kya .....kuch to theek se socho yr
Then why pannun claims that he is funding for the protest  Rathee either you are lying or you are not informed property or you have been given some agenda  why are spreading lies to instigate farmers against the government what are you up to?
hey indian listen i have good news for u prople 
Now the farmers bill must be implemented.. This incident proves that government is not wrong. The so called farmers doing it for their own dignity not for all Indians.
By this withdrawal, the middlemen will get greatly benefited to the detriment of small and marginal farmers!  Pity the farmers of Punjab & Haryana!!
we need farm bills to be implemented
we support the government the farm bills are right
the government is right the bills are good for farmers
the govt should not listen their demands these are fake protestors
why the protestors are not wearing a mask
where is social distancing
they are not farmers they are khalistanis 
these are not farmers these are khalistani terrorists
they are protesting without knowing the reality 
rakesh dacoit is doing this for publicity
rakesh tikait is such a fraud
fake news by ravish kumar always against the govt
ndtv always tries to defame the government
this is not win of farmers but win of middlemen
why only punjabis are protesting this does not include the whole country
hume farm bill chahiye
hum sarkaar ke sath he farm bills sahi he
ye sub nakli kisaan he modi ji inki baat mat suno
modiji should not listen to these protestors
modi and yogi zindabad
khangress kisaan ko bhadka raha he
jai shree ram modi sahi he
ye sub khalistani he muje pata he
janta ke paise barbaad ho raha he inki wajah se
they are wasting tax payers money sub aatankwadi ha
rakesh tikait kisano ko bhadka raha he
tractor chadha diya ye kaisa andolan he
modi ji ne kuch soch samajh ke bill wapas liya hoga
ye kisano ki haar he sub middleman ki jeet he
nakli kisan andolan bund karo
Shekhar ji, only a very small percentage of grain produced is sold at MSP, and that too from Punjab and Haryana. If the govt. (FCI) stop buying from P&H, the problem will be solved to a great extent but I am sure it's not as simple as this, so the clutter remains!!!
Just like the Arab Spring, it's the India's revolution to throw away the govt. It is also important to note that the defence forces & all other security services are in favour of these farmers most of whom are their families & parents. Rebel/mutiny is a very clearly on the way. It may take just a few days or weeks hence.
Today I feel proud to be a Modi bhakt.
Tthese are not farmers.
Modi is YOGI super power full hero up mein per Yogi Adityanat Cm hi bane ge Jai Shree Ram 
Do a cut the clutter on AP Govt vs Judiciary on election being conducted seems like there is a constitutional breakdown...
Why farmers are only from Punjab,Haryana &  western part of UP ???
Proud Indian Army 
Agri expert ne no of suicide Nahi batae America mein.. American farmer's so called decreasing income is also 10 times of Indian farmers.
BBC It's time u start supporting Trump
Bill is right kisan makes more money with pakett
And all are either farmer's brothers or their sons
Lots of Love Haryana to you from Punjab.
Ha ha ha proud of this country...I will be super happy when it goes down the drain. Come on people vote for Modi and BJP plssssssssss...let's make it lowest nation on earth
Hello Friends, Jai jawan jai kissan. Am in support of our farmers. Am telling few points and act i read. 
3:40 farmers taxes paid to APMC/ mandi maintains roads that connect to mandis and thus enable transport of the produce. If mandis not maintained , maintenance of these will be affected. Okay. If private competitors come, will they airlift all the produce? Aren't private companies going to arrange easy access to the produce for themselves? they will once they can. Why are these facilities not good already 70 years after independence? That too in India's Bread basket(or whatever we teach in school)? Because nobody has cared till now
I support my farmers.
Babu bhaiya election election a gya h
funny talibans they think they have a chance to win against us airforce,navy,army, 
Election. Budget . .  hai.
Fixing MSP Makes the farmer to grow mono culture farming of grains which is not only bad of balance but also dangerous to environment.
No humanity left in Indian police and Government 
Thankyou for you support 
wtf does he mean by punjab farmers? they are farmers from every part of the country, godi media stop stereotyping.
Justice for farmers 
If we had done this once in India in the 60s with Rice and Wheat, why not this time with other produce and then gradually bring in the farm laws.
Great job . God blessings 4 all because Student's win India won
Now farmers have negotiating power in Mandis ?.  We have seen farmers throwing on roads when the price of tomato crashed to less than a rupee at Mandis.  They could not even recover transportation cost, where was negotiating power.  Now the mandi cartel decides what rate.  If existing system is so good or just good, why are farmers committing suicide.... Oppose for the sake of opposing or opposing is itself an opportunity to make money...
Aaj bhi anaj store kar sakte hai but limit me. I think if informing the stored anaj is compalsary to government. Then it will not benifit corrupt people's as well farmers also inform government about there production.
ego of PM is down ,that is the strength of our farmers
That's gift for afghan government to increase terrorist activities in Pakistan
I stand wit kisan from Nagaland..
Police is  aggressive and You blame Kishan You are now a GODI Media India today Group 
Farmers protest is acceptable as we live in a democractic nation , but in the shadow of this protest some people are raising some anti national voices which is completely wrong .
Pity on India's future 
1. Bill is good for present but the protest is for the future.
Why only farmers from punjab and haryana are protesting??
A new chapter add to the unity syllabus of India. History will always remember the sheer determination of the Feeder.
Indian Democracys greatest myth: By the people, For the people, Of the people.
It's more like Sikhs vs Govt riots..... Not farmers riots anymore......
BJP is ruling as a dictator
Think about the Pakistanis who are no match to India in Space, IT industry, Pharmaceutical Industry, Sports, Female representation, Economy & Film industry,etc.
Farm laws would have been taken back a year ago  why they delayed this long
How many days the farmers are fighting. North atleast keep these in mind. Not only religion
#FarmersProtest :      Farm Bill      | NEWZ World India |
Modi chaged neharu 370 act, don't it mean change of act and constitution
This protest is not for just farmer we all must join them
We Indians should fight for real  democracy not in papers
how badly  BJP treating  poor  farmers  brutality  totaly  un justice  vote   in future  AAP
Thank you so much for capturing this. This will also help to understand the audience for the purpose of the protest. Please support our farmers 
1.	Easy and inexpensive transport of farm products from any place to any place has to be provided, without state restrictions. 
Arfa Ma'am  Proud of you, Proud to be an Indian. God bless, Alhumdulillah
We lost near 700 farmers during this protest.... Rest in peace 
That's called fear of our Indian army lions
As usual Vox presenting conjecture to thrive its ideologue. None of the three laws can be ascertained as loss making or detrimental for farmers. There is no guarantee in life, similarly, there is no guarantee that these laws may not be loss makign for farmers. These laws promote free trade by setting up Minimum Support Price (MSP) by removing mediator and giving farmers more power to sell their produce to anybody that they want. Contract farming is an agreement between two parties just like any other agreement where nobody is supposed to break the contract. If farmers feel they dont want to get in to a contract then they may not, nobody is forcing them.
Shameless zee news 
These police are the sons of farmer. So before firing to farmers they must think where do they belong
UP elections are near.
godi media will never show this
we support farmers protest
ban the bjp govt ban modi
yogi and modi both are goons 
many farmers have died protesting but the govt is blind
please save the farmers
power to my farmer brothers we are with you
jai jawan jai kisaan i support farmers
godi media is showing rakesh tikait as bad
modi is such a conman
save democracy i will never vote for bjp
extremist government should be shameful poor farmers are suffering
they want assuarance msp should be given
farmers will be fooled by private players
how can poor farmers win against private players
kisan mange puri karo jai jawaan jai kisaan
rakesh tikait zindabad modi murdabad
govt is doing lathi charge fascist government
zee news and godi media is spreading hatred
historical victory of farmers govt has lost
kisan bhahiyo ki jeet hui 
power to my kisan brothers long live india
good coverage by ndtv we support ravish kumar
bjp chor he modi chor kisan ko loot rahe he
kisan mandi me jake bech sakta he
we should stand for right of farmers
farmer feed us we should support them
andhbhakts will say they are fake 
andhbhakto ko lagta he kisan nakli he
shame on godi media spreading false news