choukidar chor jasoos 2024 choukidar chor gol
just full fill the demand of farmers otherwise bjp kicked out from up
next year u . p . .. election bjp out
what i love about this whole thing is sheer muslim support for ' farmers'of punjab and ' haryana ' . just think about it and then laugh with me .
salute you my sikh brother's
farmers protest will sweep narendra modi's corrupt government into oblivian .
bjp hato desh bacho
rakesh dacayat why allah ho akabar its just a political rally not a kissan andolan all indians please be alert how this so called dalal doing disturbing to all our life
chillate raho.again and again yogi / modi in 2022 and 2024.this is political and andolanjivis andolan.people knows all these.people donot take interest in all these .
real farmers have no problem but these people are doing politics
tu kr le apna ghar band .. chle hain bharat band karne
only bjp
tell me what they are fighting for is this really worth the battles ek jagah beth ka thanda dimag sa socho jo policy ma fault lag raha bolo ( esa public property damage karka kya milaga ? ) whatsapp university ka graduate ma bano .
what she mean with so called farmers they are farmers
modi visited china 9 times . not surprising he learnt a lot there
current fascist govt is responsible for all these chaos .
they were goons of party not the real farmers
fight for justice . stand with indian farmers .
take strong action now . no national monument or place can be used for protests . no one should be inconvenienced . protest only at designated place and peacefully . do not democracy be kidnapped by hooliganism .
with hundreds of thousands of farmers suicides in the past two decades . and no new reform too . at last some effort from the ruling party with new reform.and the opposition parties has to oppose it as they are in the opposition . interesting is even our media who prefer add fuel rather than a corrective force . some good suggestions than misleading the farmers if any bothered there life's or livelihood .
so called farmers ?
farmers are innocent and these dirty politicians andh bhagat are garbage which should be remove from universe
farmers are innocent and these dirty politicians andh bhagat are garbage which should be remove from universe
state : - up police image : - very corrupt party : - bjp date : - 26 january , 2021 aim : - insulting national flag result : - protesters not able to enter delhi . up police throws them away state : - national capital territory of new delhi police image : - normal party : - aap date : - 26 january 2021 aim : - insulting national flag result : - success can u think y ? that is the difference between lotus and broom ( jaadu ) delhi police isn't corrupt n no police is corrupt . the difference was that up police was ordered to throw anybody destroying public property and delhi police was not allowed to do anything except watch becuse opposition wanted to spoil bjp name
as a democratic country we have no issues with protests it's people's right to keep their word and keep there stand but disrespecting country's flag , public property , police force and putting up a religious flag in a secular country is unacceptable these cannot be the real farmers of our country . support opinions and rights not riots
i now question sincerity of this , and blm protests that became violent in the uk and the us . i never supported blm hearing the original story that started the movement and wont either in the future . i supported the kisan movement due to the bills and their lack of support for kisans . however seeing the protests turn violent makes weakens my support . real farmers are like my uncle . lives in punjab , has animals to look after and crops to tend to when not winter . isnt concerned about stuff that wont directly impact his life . he doesnt have time for this . he knows if he goes to protest , no one tends to his animals . my cousin also lives in punjab , has no animals . he also has nothing to do cuz its too cold anyway for crops . my cousin also takes money from my dad living in the uk and is a freeloader who went to protest . i have little sympathy for my cousin . my uncle has my sympathy but doesnt need it ; his crops and animals feed his entire family and he still has plenty left over . jai hind and happy belated republic day my fellow indians . from a uk born punjabi who loves india to bits :) .
indian is larger democracy country in the world , but there is not human right in indian , people killed by india government . life in indian are so cheap . why can indian learn it from malaysia . in malaysia they total wipe out caste system . no wonder malaysia-indian dislike country of indian . it is sad for indian .
so are farmers mostly sikhs , or are they just taking advantage of this situation ?
stop calling them farmers they r khalistani terrerist
sikhs have potential to win world
they are not farmers . they are dalals
wion fails to update the public on its own country as they them selfs feel embarrassed . wion should have kept the public up to date on the farmer's tension . the farmers have every right , as they work hard 360 to keep us healthy and alive . modi should have asked , not tell the farmer's what to do . modi is trying the " who gives up first " game the farmers should stay put and ignore modi new law . modi wants the farmer's to become a money pit for corporate company's . hold your ground farmer's the world backs you all .
shame on u news reporter ... u all r sold n india is destroyed
stop saying farmers , they are khalistanis
they are not farmers . true punjabis love india , true patriots , and will never do such a thing . those who vandalized delhi are simply traitors / rioters / tukde tukde gang / khalistanis ... i request the indian government to take strict actions against them as applicable for traitors . democracy and free speech are the most basic rights of every indian , but no true indian has the right to misuse those rights , and never will they do so ... those who do ( leftists / extremist pacifiers / extrimists.tukde tukde gang etc . ) are not indians , but enemies / traitors within , trying to break our nation since independence , at the top is the entire pappu / congress gang ... enough of this .. india needs to take strict actions against them now ..
imagine this after supreme court differed the news farms loans and formed a committee . imagine this after the government is willing to differ the laws for two years with free electricity proposal imagine delhi police gave the tractor rally a predetermined route yet they broke it and rioted in the red fort imagine this khalistanis removed the tri colour and replaced it with their own flag this are not farmers this are terrorists
why are many people saying that these are not farmers ? why can't farmers protest like this ? stop glorifying some professions . these were farmers and farmers can be pretty horrible given their lack of education and good manners ..
are they farmers ? ? ?
wion was in coma uptill now ... did not show there long peaceful protest untill this chaos happened .. why don't you ever show the insensibility of ur government ... poor n innocent police officers wion was also sleeping when these so called police officers thrashed students ... when farmers were beaten ... when thy used water cannons on them ... eat shitt wion ... low key republic tv
it is time to give shoot on site order .
2 month is a long time for having patience . farmers were protesting in delhi's cold weather not to go home empty handed . government is busy with election campaigning only , farmers are not slave , its the government who should serve the people , they have pledged to serve the nation but now they are busy to save their seat and winning other elections
they are not farmers
don't blame farmers ... they are goons of congress and left extremist .. don't blame farmers .. full support for farmer but not for these goons of leftist and congrese
how peaceful the protest of poor farmers was there is chinese troll named kitty kat posting stupid comments down below the comment section
united we stand
these farmers are not riots , they are heros who defend their right .
those were not farmers .. why does someone / any farmer protest against farmers bill which benefits them n country .. no farmer does that ..
shame on indian government
the tractor guy drove so fast dangerously putting all at stake and overturn his tractor and died because bjp asked him commit suicide ! good ! the nation is watching !
they are wearing mask of farmers
really ? is it actually eroding . i actually support the farmers haha
why delhi police didn't act on it swiftly . if the protectors are themselves are blind-sighted how the people will feel safe . it was all like a game plan fully planned and executed . no-one stopped hoisting the non-national flag in red fort . is it legit ? believe the truth will come out sooner . and now no western countries open their mouth .
why they protest ? what is the dispute between them ?
they are not farmers . they are separatists . if they were farmers they would have hoisted the farmer flag or sickle and hammer flag and not the khalsa flag btw capt . amarender singh said " if you really are farmers come back to punjab "
all were not farmers and protest wasn't supposed to go that way , some pakistan supporters were also inside , that's the reason all of sudden everything was rushed at end to execute their real aim on very important day .
khalisthan terroists
being out the guns and shoot them ... and chargesheet the politicians supporting this farce in the name of protests ...
only punjab and haryana remaining states are accepted the farm laws ..
they are not deserve a right to do violent protest in the delhi ..
look beyond the concockted spun - narratives . then , every wise person can see , that comes up against the " national interest " in india are actually veild intolerance for india's unbeiddled diversities of language , region , religions , castes , classes , philosophies , ideologies , .. hidden beneath the label of " hindu-boogie " from a elite class of " neo-brahmins " of ' liberal-progressive ' claims ! this elite class that opposes the ' jingoism ' of " nationalism " or " patriotism " of ' bhakts ' are internally sectarians who cannot tolerate any beyond their cacoon identity ( of any of the narrow identity , ) that includes their identity by ideological postureing .
this is happened when government do jobs for 1 % people and put 99 % for fight ...
farmers didn't hit any private property . buses were placed there as barricade . it is sad that there such great protest turned like this . protesters themselves were begging to them to stop but some just didn't want to . it has been extremely long time and very costly for these people .
they are more like sikh extremists than farmers ... i see more sikh extremists flags than general farmers union ones
wion tell your listeners it was all done by pakistan
india has precedent prosecuting and collecting damages from rioters , apply this to farmers too . no exception . you have rioters on camera with their tractators . put their farms and tractors for sale and recover the damages . why is govt doing any business activity at taxpayer's cost ?
madam it's not the actual farmers . real farmers are in their duties on feild . criminals and antinationals
shame on these people
most shameless thing was to go inside red fort and even touch the flag . sorry but i don't think that now i call them respected indians . they don't want their rights , they just want to misuse them . as a armed force personnel , i feel very ashamed and really sad .
this people not farmer like terror
every action has its reaction ... waiting for reaction ...
who ' s responsible ? our shamefull government
sikth farmers are dirty and a cancer to india and democracy
after succesive govt bailed out the farmers with loan ... this is what happens ... free electricity , subsidies in urea purchases ... low interest loan's ... non of them pay taxes and now ...
these are not farmers , they are communists hiding behind farmer cover .
if you destroy public property , than you will pay for it by you own property .
now these is the movement bjp was waiting oh man when you play chess man you can win any kinda of war
look like government supporters are involved to disrupt the protest on farmers image
billionaires trying to topple governments all over the world . the capitalism use by communists to usurp power .
its not good for any doing like this ultimately they would be taken to justice and people who does this type things should be punished
indias supreme court had the opportunity to cancel permission ! should have not given permit for tractor rally instead of putting delhicops in the line of fire on a national holiday ! ,
if they did this in usa or china or russia they would have been shot dead
kehth chod kar itney din koi farmer toh nehi rahetha , they are not farmers . arrest all the trouble makers , it's a big shame for our country that this happened in capital and that too in red fort
this is shame
breeding ground of covid 19 . here more covid case will follow
these r not framers ... they r kha-listani jih-adis ... they must be dealt in the appropriate way ... they r not above law ..
the so called farmers were brandishing swords at the police . what kind of farmers are they ? ?
wion and bjp are same only , bjp stand for coperate , by coperate only for coperate farmers law come to active ( reality ) , farmers will be burgers in future government didn't ask the farmers before approvaling this law , indians will support all the farmers in india , we won't care media and government say against this farmers . , we will support the all farmers
shoot at site should have been given to this unwanted people or shoot the security incharge officer for ashaming the nation .
they aren't farmers they are middle mens
they are a nuisance
they have full rights to do protect . but picking up 26th jan as a day to show your angry seems too much . don't respect the government but one should respect the army who is protecting you day and night , one should respect the nation . the day to be proud of an indian if you consider yourself one . it's a shame !
stop saying that they are farmers ? the protest have been long planned by khalistanis . they even hoisted the khalistani flag near the indian national flag which is an insult to the indian republic and act of war against it . start getting your facts right wion .
bunch of middle men trying to save their job ie . , looting farmers only a fool will think they are farmers
these are khalistani supporters and some are jameendars not farmers
people who are commenting that they were not farmers are actually mistaken . these rioters were actually farmer of punjab and some of them were from neighbouring states and also from the communist parties .
all this could have been avoided if modi government withdrawed the farm bill when farmers were protesting peacefully for nearly two three months everybody ignored them but when they decided to go to delhi trucks , buses and cement barricades were put in the middle of the road they are protesting , fighting for their own rights not going to school that they have to follow rules sindhu border is not there home , they have other things to do india is a country where people just ignore . they don't support each other . farmers were protesting in cold winters , what did the government do ? ? ? they just ignored them as if everything is normal if violence is the only way to get attention of the common people and international media then i am proud what farmers did was right and i would have done the same thing jai jawan jai kisan
its not farmer protests ... correct it
they are khalistanis hiding behind farmers
to save democracy and humanity support farmers
will yogi book all of them in uapa ?
frod channel sbse jhoota aur frod channel
naxalite is the future of india . support country naxalite and its government . naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights .
all kisa supporters are gaddars . send then to afganistan
yeh tv channel wale sarkar se sawaal kyon nahin poochte hain ? kinse darte ho bhai ?
tikat chor h .
can these farmers wear mask . ! ! ! we are staying at home so that covid cases can lower down and these are not even wearing mask putting us in danger of another wave
we are always with farmer unto death
waiting for these so called protestors to protest against punjab govt as well ... jaha pr contract farming me kisaan ko jail ka praavdhaan hai ... but wha se to inko grants aa rhe hai maalik k khilaaf thodi bolenge
sarkar ko bachit se solution krna chahiye
tikait looks like gunda from his face its lfb
when krishi kanoon are stopped by supreme . court then why this andolan by tikat he is not representative of all farmers he has gathered 100 crores worth asset he is not a poor farmer
hcbh comment
just few people criticise media
tikat has been given free hand to spoil country , s environment
modi ji all your good efforts are being detailed by this gunda tikat
modi ji uour govt is showing weakness and antinational movement by tikat is doing the way he want to disturb contry environment
tika . can not be called indian national and he is defaming india
modi ji why you are unable to control this antinational tikait
hollywood females celebrities latest updates , news , entertainment and current issues .. / /
aaj tak chennal leave now
yeh news anchor sab baat aram se bhi bol sakta tha itni overacting kyi
every indians support kissan
choukidar chor jasoos 2024 choukidar chor pakka gol
kisan andolan should be included in guinnes book of world records as largest kisan andolan in history of man kind
ye to news 18 ki anchor hain
kal pta chla h chitra tripathi ke sath kisan ne bahut respect kiya h please thora wo bhi dikha do
respected for kishaan
yeh sab bicholiye aur unke pitthu hain .
vaw.fyi thrilling
half correct news
those people who are commenting against farmers are puppets of corporates bloody chutiye bhakt
stop the farm laws
nobody never ever support these broker middleman , these mandi walas sucked real farmers blood for many years . now its time for farmers to trade with every common people
idiots will spread covid and bring the country again in lockdown
this channel is piss poor
they are not farmers they are dalals and political parties members
it was expected , when tikayat met mamatha .
india should follow china way in handling this protestors .
no covid ? there's so much media & public hungaa over kumbh & election rallies . why none on this gathering ?
parasite of india
i am waiting when these fake are jailed
to create covid deaths to remove modi in 2024 . all congress leftists islamists communists plan to create lage scale covid deaths to remove modi
good . let them spend their life in protest and always medias there to project .
here comes again the so called farmers ... to disrupt ... to make chaos again .
why these kisans are majorly from punjab
naxalite is the future of india . support country naxalite and its government . naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights .
one day civil war will break out between the right thinking citizens of india and rss / bjp
blocking internet like chinese dictator government so that fsrmers cant expose police brutality
wondering if the farmers delay the meeting for 1 week .. will the sms and internet would be suspended till that time ? ? ..
contemporary govt must introspect the slogan of lal bahadur shastri , jai jawan , jai kisan , instead of using lathis , in order to squeeze their demands .. so called themselves , democratic govt must think about it ... ( respected their demands , because they are feeders of whole nation ...
do laathicharge if they start doing fake aandolan .
anne hazare agitation should have been stopped . the then government should have also imposed section 144 , suspended internet and police deployed before anna hazare movement in 2011 in delhi .
this so called farmers will soon get involved in terrorism
this much of security wasn't there when hindu leaders gave hate speeches against muslims . pm call our farmers andolan jeevi . this gov has anti national elements like hinduvaadi people working for brahmins
already your face has burnt to black in the eyes of world .
yehi akal pehle lagali hoti to itne police wale injured nahin hote , itni public property destroy nahin hoti shameful act on a proud republic day
all farmer union leaders need to be jail life term
they are not regniing from the protest they are running away they must be catch and kick properly till they vomite the blood from the mouth
those farmer union leaving after damage is done might have antisocial elements those are to be traced may be they achieved the goal and now fear consequences so they are leaving .
feelings sad for delhi police and respect for delhi police
" vm singh , rakesh tikait . yogadra yadav , prasanth bhushan " all are lair . they must put in the bar . these are anti nation person .
those who did such terrible acts against nation maligned image of some patriotic sikhs . most people know that these protests does not make sense and are completely illogical and politically motivated .. but sikhs sitting in there house were brought down by these bunch of rioters who replaced national flag with their flag .
it's a diversion tactic . the entire area of the protesting sites should be sealed and no one should be able to leave from protesting sites and from delhi , so that the delhi police can book the violent miscreants ( it was not a sporadic but well planned and executed not by some farmers but by thousands ) based on cctv footage , social media videos , pictures from journalists and from others . if they leave , tracing them , booking them will only delay in delivery of justice
the so called withdrawal is only to save their backsides , they have to be investigated closely to unravel their support system which is common to all other unions and all the hidden forces which they will not reveal unless they are made to go through a truth test grinder .
so called farmers uions are only belong to two systes but not rest of the states . they are terrorists
don't call them farmers they are terrorists in farmers clothes . i am farmer and supporting the new agriculture bill . you people are not our representative , never .
they know they all will be booked for the violence . now they have taken u turn . hypocrites . they received money for joining . now govt should not suspend the bill . they should implement it and state should give option to farmers either to follow or approach mandis .
after bringing extreme insult and injury to the tricolor , delhi police force , nation , now they withdraw ! who is accountable for the damage ? was the tractor rally even necessary in the first place ? had majority protesters refused to participate , this would never happen . the questionable is that it wasn't a small group hitting at policemen . it was huge mass of mad men that were raging mercilessly with swords , lathis and weapons attacking at policemen making it impossible for delhi police to manage . wasn't the guidelines discussed well in advance ? who are they ? farmers ? most didn't look like farmers . tbe visuals on streets looks unreal , frightening and security threat to city .
victory for as through deep sidhu
middlemen andolan , clear evidence received on 26th jan . arrest yogu and tiku . jail meh roti dalo unko ...
shameless unions which brought shame to sikh community !
violence was deliberately done to achieve this ... by whom ? everyone knows who .
will withdrawing absolve them from being punished for sitting with them and joining the protest
what happened about the leaked chat matter of goosami ... republic cartoon network ...
govt shouldnt let them escape as these leaders now know that govt will book the leaders for the riot they created in delhi . for 60 days they were agains the govt ... now govt shoulf put them in jail
godi media ... dont spread fake news
farmer leaders are anti national , shoot them
this was never a protest of farmers . anti social elements entered it for sure .
how dare they touched our national flag ? they should be punished severely so that such atrocity would not be repeated .
nai nai baithe raho .. and just wait now .. dont escape from your actions .
they have completed their mission on destroying dignity of this nation . they were paid for rioting . hang those terrorists
this is not sincerity towards the nation but it is because of fear of law
if anyone resides near snake yogendra yadav , give him few slaps
they can protest in their states ... or go to courts ... blocking roads and troubling common man is no way . the goverment has majority do not bend in front of these ... we will set a wrong precedent ... jai hind
these farmer unions can not get back after all the drama .. they should be answerable to all loss and respect of our national flag .
these are khalistani formers more dangers for the country
finally , they are realising their folly ! they cannot however , wash their hands off . they have to face their responsibility in the heinous acts perpetrated by the khalistanis .
put these khalistani traitors behind bar .. they're trying to escape ...
.
.
all farmers give the punishment
only bhanu and vm sing are saying themselve to separate not their followers .
i am sorry delhi police for yesterday attack in delhi capital khalistan terrorist
no more farmer protest because khalistan terrorist hi jack farmer protest not good news
open fire order should be placed i don't care if there are thousands of deaths it would worth it any way
it wasn't a farmer's protest , but bloody goons attacking india and causing destruction
they should be punished for sedition nevertheless . shamelessness at its height
we want yogiji as home minister
we want anti india laws ...
they are trying to escape from legal action
arrest the idiots and anti nationals running around with sword . now we have pictures and technology to track down this anti nationals !
how much black money received by farmer leaders for knowingly letting criminal gang in rally .. this was witness in front of india public ... they should be shot dead . no if or but ...
cji must resign ... when you know there will be violence and you just see ... lame judiciary .
they are thinking by withdrawing from the agitation they will be let off for the vandalism and desecration of our nayional flag . nobody should be spared . pm should make yogiji the home minister right away . he is the best doctor for these goons who went berserk yesterday .
you fools you should be arrested and keep in jail till end .
strict anti india laws should be applied to them or with money power they will come out of jail and rahul and other congress leaders should also be booked
hello ! we have translated subtitles available in hindi and punjabi . you can access them through the settings icon > subtitles / cc we heard from so many of you in the comments asking for this explainer , we want to let you know we heard you loud and clear . thanks for watching , and let us know what other global events you want to see explained next in the comments or at voxvideo<user> thanks , christina , video producer
as an economist i can say the new farm laws would depend on market and whole dynamics around it . its good the government should have minimum intervention in a democratic setup because it is corrupt .
started on 9 aug 2020 still going on 4 sep 2021 , modi stop serving corporations !
it's been 9 months , farmers are still protesting . please pray for farmers
shouldnt there be a fixed price on each crop nationwide ? if i buy daal in delhi it should cost the same in kerala for example . its unfair to price it differently throughout the country .
i don't know why south indian and north-east indian are not protesting against farmers bill .. maine toh kisiko dekha nhi waha ?
there are so many indian news channels that are godi media and they wont dare speak against modi and bjp . they support everything they do . its absolutely ridiculous
i see , now they'll bring them all to canada to ruin economy here . they already put trucking business down to mud . good job indian government !
the existing system would remain in place as it is , the government has just offered an alternative which is high profitable for farmers
93 % of farmers i . e . 50 crore farmers support the laws and have doubled their income , it's just 0.2 % of those who were protesting backed by congress party and tmc who were opposition parties . vox news you are been fooled .. please check your facts .
middle man are problem in india . they earn more than farmer themselves
in these strikes farmers not involved . in punjab congress led government sponsored program . apmc mafia behind this . new farm law given more freedom to farmers . they can sell their products according to their wish .
thank you so much vox ! ! ! kisses and love from india .
supporting modi government on this !
support farmers.they are the backbone of india
usual left-lib drivel and half truths . vox is very happy with free markets in usa but want more and more govt strangulation in india so that rich farmers of punjab haryana can keep growing rice and keep driving the soil quality and water table even further into the ground .
i will support the farmer protest when real farmers come not upa workers
it has failed
change the elected party .
no farmer no food
fact : - this protest is still going on until to this date 26/7 / 2021 { it's been 8 months }
this political trouble seems to have started once bill gates got involved . it sounds like they are forcing deregulation so that foreign entities can come in and take control of the farms while leaving the farmers hanging out to dry . either way , bill gates is right that indian farms produce 20 % per acre what american farmers do . if huge farm start becoming five times more efficient , that will crater prices big time . the farmers that have fed all of india for hundreds of years need to have a soft landing and provisions made for their children . that way the people benefit from low prices and the farmers are taken care of . but it sounds like greedy government officials are just trying to throw these poor farmers out on the streets because they are too greedy or lazy to work them into the solution
if they stock up then supply will drop and prices will rise for remaining stock . maybe the stock can later be used to crash prices , but the slick infographic makes none of that obvious . it sounds like vox is manipulating the viewer to think what they want us to think
i don't understand this . some are saying it is a good decision and many farmers agreed to it whereas some says it affects the farmers too much . i asked because i am a student and doesn't have much idea about it .
who are the big corp players - bill gates big corp is not big - its small . only a few people would benefit from these acts . they would not be india peoples - they would be rich billionaire white men .
i'm not in favour of the farm laws but it's high time we stop watching these " we will only show what you already are being led on " videos .
inka land agar coorperates ne own kiya to vo principally aur scientifically galat hoga # resign evm fraudsters shah , modi
the governments are becoming dictators ... shame on us for letting be that way
they have forget one thing which i should correct that new laws restrict farmers to sue corporates . according to the new law farmers can not sue corporates so in short they have closed the gates of courts for farmers
we have to stand with them
now people can understand why pakistan was made ... .. these rules are just a start , imagine what can happen next ? ...
3:53 umm yeah just so you know , it's what you call economic growth ; starting in the ' 80s , there was a surge in secondary and tertiary sectors which contributed to a larger percentage of the gdp , thereby decreasing the overall contribution of agriculture to the gdp percentage-wise . also , the agricultural sector clocked in 9.5 % growth in fy19 . another thing - most of the small farmers were already being exploited by the bigger farmers since these ' bigger ' farmers were buying crops at a price lower than the msp . the point of this law was to provide a path for the smaller farmers to sell their crop directly to the wholesalers which would guarantee them a better price than if they had sold it to these ' bigger ' farmers . it's about giving the smaller farmers more agency over the price that they receive for their crops . this is a two-way argument ; you can't talk about one side and ignore the other .
punjab , south india and bengal must unite against corrupted hindi states tryying to rule over the country . they split bengal cause it was a threat to hindis .
we are spot farmers ...
thanks vox ... love from punjab
eagle can't fly above , the money
i don't think farmers would protest unless they believe governement is doing them injustice
fight ! ! !
who ever wanna deteriorate my country will not last long , my country my pride
the farm laws could also benefit farmers too , it can increase farmers incomes , get rid of corruption from middle men , give them a larger market , and it further liberates them , and most of the points in the farmer bills were suggested by farmer unions before , and there are plenty of farmers and unions who support the laws . the farmers get to directly do trade deals with private ownerships without middle men so they won't be scammed by middle men , and also they would be able to settle the prices for their own goods , and they will obviously settle for higher prices than what they get from the msp system , hence making them richer . most global economists have supported the move as well . most political parties in india promised to bring similar reforms as well because it was suggested by farmer unions themselves . the congress govt promised to bring similar reforms in their 2019 election manifesto , but now they have taken a uturn and are against the laws for some reason . china implemented similar laws in the 60s and their farmers became richer , israel as well , and also the us . and if farmers work with private ownerships agricultural tech could become better in the country , which could simplify and solve a lot of farmers problems . i find it funny that greta is against the laws . the laws criminalizes stubble burning , a major source of pollution in the country , so it can reduce pollution , isn't she a climate activist ?
i hope farmers get the justice they deserve !
i didnt understand what was happening first when it was showed in local news but u explained it to me
so basically the modi has set new laws to which the farmers disagree with , those new laws restrict farmers from making money meaning they cant live their normal life.they cant pay the bills or put money on the table family so of course they start to protest . not only farmers but the whole world is protesting . no farmers no food
fast forward today , there has been a spike in the registered overall production of wheat and rice in punjab and haryana ... not because of the farm laws isn't it ? no , because the opposition parties are in power in these states ... so i wonder how ? ...
this video is all of lies and misinformation based on speculation
one question is still unanswered , why is it only punjab & haryana farmers having issue with this bill not the other farmers from various remaining states . no farmers from down south is supporting this movement , why so ? did vox look into this corner ? journalism needs to see things from hawk eye and need to also take interview from the leaders why did they bring this bill . no government will bring in a new policy just to do injustice to its agricultural industry . i some how feel the whole moment is been misinterpreted to the world by creating ciaos . if the bill is so unjustifiable then it would get condemned by people across entire nation then the government will rethink on its decision . but here i find many rich people from punjab and haryana who own mandis have problems . they now don't want to share their abundant income with states like bihar and rest who are not fortunate to taste the cream .
in a country of 1.3 b people nobody is protesting , only some people from punjab are protesting , i live in kerala here farmers are supporting the decision may be because kerala has the highest literacy rate
nicely explained
i am a son of a farmer too ... the law gives free market to poor farmers . the law is beneficial to the farmers.just some people are creating havocs in the society for their own personal needs .
my parents and grandparents all were born in punjab this all happened punjab and the rest of india they had a lot of war together
the new farmer's law eliminates middle men , the money goes directly to farmers so the rich middlemen who controlled the price and got very very rich have issue . the protests are paid drama by those rich middlemen who will lose money .
they're antisocial
india has more than 27 states and multiple union territories . strange that only 1 state , which is rules by opposition is protesting the new farmer's laws while rest all states , many which are ruled by other parties are very happy with these new reforms . check the propoganda beyond the headlines
everything is politic manipulations against the indian government .
2:16 open auctions with transparent pricing this is the whole issue . neither the auctions are open nor the pricing transparent . the arthias ( dealers ) group up in each mandi and decide a common highest bid , above which no other arthia will go . ground reality is very different then theory . the arthias are bullies . and their is no real oversight in the mandis . the people who are meant to actually overlook the functioning of mandi and protect the farmers do the exact opposite . they team up with the arthias or more precisely , they issue the arthia license only to their family members / relatives to gain monopoly over the market .
fraud protest led by opposition parties and foreign agents . women are molested there , they have goons and rioters there who also vandalised red fort . all pendu goons . not farmers
today marks the 6th month of these protests .
india is a very complex system where the middle class enjoy cheap food prices and farmers receive low prices for their crop as they currently are not allowed to store crop , pay high prices for inputs and don't have the ability to protect themselves with futures contracts . the current system in india is not sufficient to support all the small farmers in india ( they lack the scale to produce , store and market their own products ) . a free market can only work , which these bills seek to do , if both buyers and sellers have equal bargaining power . smaller farmers are not only lacking the skill but also the knowledge to effective participate in a free market . they free they will be crushed under low prices . the government should offer assistance and compensate for farmers harmed by these laws until the economy normalized . india need to grow beyond having millions of small farmers and the farmers need to accept their faith but i think the government did not do a good job in marketing these bills . also , the people of punjab are well off farmers compared to rest of india . if you look at the number of children being sent outside from punjab to study in college , you would understand why punjabis are at the heart of the protest . they enjoy the highest income in the country from farming . any threat to their lifestyle would bring about a reaction . many of those protesting have on name brand clothes , nike , adidas , and drive audis . these aren't the lowly farmers of bihar .
it saddens me how people are misunderstanding this . the so called " farmers " left months ago as they started to realize that the law is for their own benefit ! ! ! the people left are not farmers but people related to politics disguised as farmers . please dont believe lies . the famrers only will benefit by removing the middleman ! and this is coming from a guy born in farmer family
farmers are actually ill informed on these laws . we educted indian who see these videos are also ill informed . we should try to understand the laws first . these laws are actually very good for farmers all across the country . for example it was mentioned there is no limit for stocking the produce , but this thing was only for horticulture produce . it was mentioned that all the prices of the trade will be electronic which is good for every . people should come out of thier old thinking and should understand the laws better .
explanation is not enough for this ! ! why someone move from one market to other market ! ! it's all profit
india growing population
nice of you to not mention most of the protestors are rice farmers from punjab and haryana that only grow it for it's higher msp .
and mandis are already dead in most part of india ... people will sell to highest price outside market albeit illegally ... and some states noticed and gave up on mandi and deregulated it ... now this laws will give big foreign companies or conglomerate who can invest in the storages , facilities transportation and also help in contracting out the farmers at good prices and offer help in modernization of agriculture ...
contracts with pepsi and other agro businesses will improve the overall agri chain ... u see farmers will get better seeds ... minimum insurance amount ... and more profitable farm products ... indian farmers are stuck with rice and wheat when are they gonna experimnet on cultivating different products ... that might grow in india ... and which are profitable ... when a company approcahes a farmer to cultivate say avocados in india ... the company bores the research and risk of the crop failure ... and if the crop is a sucess in india ... do u think neighborhood farmers would sit still ... they would also grow avocados ... a new product in market and one more choice to farmer
if mandis collaps themselves beacuse farmers are going to unregulated spaces to trade does that mean market economy is working and mandis offering price is lower than free market price ... then collapse of the mandi is good ...
actually yesterday in punjab , 131.14 lakh tonnes of wheat has been procured , which is an all-time record . i think your video doesn't cover the entire situation precisely . there have been multiple talks between the farmers and the government . the government is ready to make changes to the law . but the farmers are adamant that they will only accept abolishing of the laws . the entire situation is very complex and hard to understand ! also when you are reporting some numbers , you should take the covid situation as well into account !
indian democracy well explained . other countries will not allow take them another breath .
the government's main approach is to cut off the various ' middle-men ' links that exists in the country because the supplies are reguated at least twice before reaching the city or town markets.the different tiers of middle men create their own profit which indeed exploits the original prices which is earned by the farmers , if the laws will cut out these men then most probably farmers can earn better prices but the implementation sparkled protests because many of these farmers who are out here protesting are themselves part of local trade links or have not clearly understood the government's plan.also i personally think it's because the congress political party has funded punjab farmers ( as punjab is a congress state and the party have influence there ) to simply defame bjp central government and as you can see the protesters are all punjabis and not even a single person can be seen who is not punjabi .
how many of you ready to be a farmer ? hit like
india is not a poor country . we have the super rich and the crippled poor . unless we do something bout that we won't develop as a nation .
it's not huge
i am a new viewer of this channel to be exact i started watching it from yesterday and i liked many of its content that i never new before , but after seeing this video i am prettysure what kind of propoganda this channel is trying to spread .
and government is not going to remove mandis , they are simply giving farmers a choice wether they could sell it in mandis or to private corporation or to simply go in another state to sell it , as the current law forbids them to sell their crops in another state of to a person who has not received a permit from the state government .
no farmers no food , simple how long we people live on flesh or meat . simple no food no human .
drama is over
i bet 1/5 of these people are dead considering how covid is going in india
4th pillar of our democracy ( indian media ) has collapsed and others are on its way .
the present indian government is just working for profit of thier businessmen friends . they don't care about any other section of society .
smh ... it's too late ... we all know what is coming next ...
vox : what about the other states where msp isnt there anymore or trades are happening outside of mandis - apart from bihar how are they doing ? what has been the time period since the msp is laid out ? what kinds of model exists in world wherein agri sectors who are heavily dependent on government subsidies can work towards being independent ? what is the cost of protection provided to farmers in terms of tax payers money ? what is happening to the grains taken by fci and stored which are procured from farmers on msp and than sold to poor people ( most are farmers and farm labours and other labours ) at pds systems for extremely low price ? first time , i am disappointed by your coverage as i am an active citizen of this country who knows lots of systems . but than i am thinking , do you apply such lateral thinking for all your coverage ?
now people suffer bescuase of this mass protests . they did not followed the safety health protocols .
4:40 , no its not unregulated , stop telling lies .. other two laws makes it highly regulated and under control of farmers only .
farmer's protest is the main reason for covid surge in india ... at least they should have protested with protocol
could you explain why only the farmers from punjab participated in these protests ? ?
how can a normal person in north america help ?
foreign media is covering farmers protest more than indian media . r.ip democracy
<user> why did you not take the points why government bring this rule ? ? if you want cover full story do it in the right way .. show the both side point .. you just focus on one side .. did not expect this from vox
i wonder why india is going through a second wave
shame on chitra tripathi well done kishan brothers to teach her a lesson godi media khalistani kisan
naxalite is the future of india . support country naxalite and its government . naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights .
aand bhakt up aa rhr taiket ji ab marva lena
no farmer no food
touch the photo
any school and college students here
the farmers will win , good always wins over evil
jay shree ram jai akhilesh
now is the time of bjp's end , totally idiots are there , bye bye bjp . jai jawan jai kisan jai bharat inqlaab zindabaad vandematram .
tikait and chadhuni are khalistanis and they are following khalistani and pakistani's agenda .
these people are from different regions . since they are not concentrated voters this congregation no way going to affect bjp's victory .
end user loan mafi ki facility nahi dega and koi bhi loan facility bhi nahi milegi aajaye uske bad apna agriculture product leke
thode time k liye govt bich me se hat jaye kisi tarah ki bhi purchase na kare agriculture product consumer ne consume karna hai unki ek committe banadijaye jo ye decide karegi ki consumer ko agriculture product kis rate p milega ane do kisan and end user ko amne samne inka loan knpaise bhi end user k tax se settle hota hai kar le tay end user k sath
always with kisan
came here after many ages just to see how would you guys report kisan protests . and honestly u guys are going from bad to worst . please show what is truth .
bangal wala haal hoga bjp ka . up gaya inke haath se
dikhaa diaa dum or inshallah with all the pet's govt gonna rupt .
ticait is decoit , antinational , interested in milking money from congress funding , foreign funding , pakistan isi funding . beware of this decoit ! ! farmers should come forward and block this guy home his businesses etc .
please speak on shanta kumar report which says procurement of grains should be stopped from punjab , haryana , western up etc and should be done only in eastern states , secondly as per doha round of wto us , canada , eu etc are pushing india to restrict procurement and stocking to service pds i . e . 40 % of population whereas food security act envisages stocks for 70 % of population , thirdly what happened in bihar after private procurement was introduced and public apmc were abolished and what happened to apple growers in himachal after corporate buyers monopolised procurement , lastly pepsi has large contract farming for potato in punjab and issues and difficulties and corruption in procurement where in 10 years price has increased from 5 to 8 per kg but input costs have increased manifold during this time . just giving political twist does not help farmers cause , the public at large cannot be swayed only on political and emotional appeal , the facts and issues and reasoning behind agitation has to be brought forward , if people know details on what is at stakes and what farmer stand to lose by these 3 laws ...
boom bjp lose the battle in bengal surprise mtha fkers
fight for msp fight for farmers
waste person
paid heavily
beware of tikait .
rakesh tikat is a neta not a kisan leader . where is rakesh tikat and naresh tikat they are sitting in home and incite and forced kisan to this pandemic . if he is a leader he should be sitted on delhi border .
protesting farmers maybe disqualifies for msp and let them sell to arhathias as they wish
modi resign is trending on twitter
tikayat is fraud , haramkor , dalla gaddar . he does andolan only for his personal financial benefits . he is doing politics
dakoit is a business man , he always keep concentration how much money he can earn from this movement .
people who voted for statue and mandir are realizing the importance of hospital today ...
one of the best selfish man .. he is cheating farmer's .. for his personal interest ..
this is not farmers protest but election rally ... your headline is incorrect
how anyone can support that farmers should get less than msp ?
a jo andolanjevee ko kuthe be nahei puchthe.bekar se t . v . pe bathare .
surprising , godi media covering the campaign of kisan andolan leader .
modiji gujarat has become a hell and thousands are dieng everyday . no beds available , no oxygen available , no remdesivir injection available . dead bodies are burnt in cluster . gujarat people are very angry over the gujarat government and the c . m . is hiding and could not go out in the state . modi and amit shah didn't care about their state and were busy in election campaign in bengal . it is difficult for modi and amit shah to visit their own state . in such a situation how , people of bengal will vote for these two gujarati jokers ?
tikhait is idiot i understand , but people showing his fake fight for farmers are much bigger fools too . specially india today ,
only bjp ? ? ? that shows his partisan attitude ! ! !
he is an idiot .. just see what is he talking ...
he should know where to draw the line
why is nobody talking about corona being spread due to farm protests ?
useless man don't give imp to him ...
he is china agent . real agenda is sponsored by china to oppose modi government . atmanirbar bharath has damaged china economy to the large extent .
dont give coverage for this guy . its all political drama under farm protest . just arrest this guy
why is the government even allowing him to talk rubbish , they make farmer protest spots as guest houses and picnic spots , going whenever they want and coming back whenever they want occasionally is it called a protest ? for the last 200 days due to their fake , useless protests many small vendors and daily laborers working around their protests area lost their livelihood because of a single broker tikait , who is making farmers fools for sake of his own political career and money , now no one believes him better government should put him jail for his republic day violence after this corona 2nd wave ends
no body bothere this man bjp will win handsomely ... sanjoy r0y ...
they are no farmers ! they are nation destroyer ! and leftists are none but naxal terrorists
9 months have passed by and you have the guts to issue crack the heads order ? ? ? , remember at the end of the day the food in your plate is being grown by farmer only not by some mla's , mp's or pm . instead of resolving the issue with dialogue , if unjustified force is used , obviously haryana government acted like a terrorist organization .
how opportunistic these politicians are ...
farmers are the building blocks of any country . they should be treated with justice . love from pakistan
atleast farmers are fighting for everyone . agar sb kuch hi privatised ho gaya firr hum sab pachatayenge .
last week maharastran farmer died in front of parliament building in maharastra by drinking pesticides because there was no help from your govt naughty raut
both bjp and shiv sena is two side of same coin . both ideology is danger for democracy ...
they have beaten farmers people are supporting them still so people have to decide , your with farmers or british agents who wrote mercy petitions or with killers of gandhi #jaihind
bjp rss = indian talibanis
who arrested a minister for statement againsy cm is calling someone taliban , what a hypocrisy sir
farmers activity is crossing the limits , also believe that they are pressure by opposition ... example like shiv sena ...
awaj utha rahe the ya toll plaza tod rahe the i think , public property destruction does not comes under peaceful protest .
yes ... sdm is wrong ... but see who is saying ... naughtiest man of india ..
how people pass in upsc is a big puzzle . beating in the head is to kill , deterrence is by blows to body , legs or teargas and water cannons . anna dhaata suki bhava | | jai kisan jai jawan jai bharat samvidhaan | | no farmer = > no food = > no future . those who inflict physical harm on our anna dhaatas will be liquidated by divine wrath ...
ok then what their party is ? entire india saw what they did during ssr case , shame on this useless man
kisan nahin wo talibani soch ka kisan road blocked , and normal life of citizens hampers , good job by the administration
toxicity is truly high nowadays in indian politics ( dirty politics ) so much toxicity in ppl that's a shame
balsaheb thakre ji waiting in heaven for these chamcha shivasen politicians ...
sanjay raut wants to glorify his image in public with his words and moron doing it opposite
i support government and cop blocking highways road useless thing . good action by cop and the guy who said break the head he said if someone break the rules start beating they broke the rules
i support cops blocking road is against the law
chalo now shiva sena is joke of the year ...
bhakton thoda active ho jana
lol if shiv sena calls other taliban then what are they nazi or isis
you know what those two should get taliban treatment air drop them in afghanistan let em see taliban
iss hisab se toh bal thackeray kya bolega phr
hit nicely taliban farmers , doing fake protest raped two girls in the last 3 months
i stand with sdm .
goons shivsena is saying this lmao
mota bhai , that's bad
balasaheb never imagine that his party goes like this in the hands of congress chatus .
* now that's what i call a good treatment . good job police *
oh god why the heck they are suppressing the protest we all have the right to protest ?
show some mercy jai shree ram walon
how this is not black mailing ? you did your protest . you talked to govt now go home and live with these new laws and if they bring negative outcome then don't vote for them next time .
no support to these broker mandi agents
modi destroying country making people andbhakts
this is complete disrespect to the efforts of the farmers . great going law makers . thanks for yet another divide and rule method
government will need to scrap the bill . no other possible solution
charcha charcha why all 11 meetings never been shown on any media .. no live coverage .. atm ki line mei maa tu dikha sakte hai .. charcha nahi .. banaras ke thug ..
elections in india 2021 , who win ? virus won and human defeated / dies . election compaign is a super spread event in other word . is it a lesson learn to govt and people ? not race between political parties.it is race between life and death ...
sirji no one obey covid protocol in west bengal and assam election
talk should be in open media .. why not allowed .. media tota maina tu dikha sakta hai .. farmers and govt meeting live kio nahi dikha pata .. let people of india listen what farmers want .. bimar ki bimari jane bina dr bi medicine nahi deta .. tum kanoon bana rahe ho at the time of lockdown and forcibly raja saba se without voting pass karva lia ..
watch more video f . u . l . l h . d click here : 18cams.xyz ! 1 , . ` ' dna . g1 & ! / 16181757 07
i pity this govt they r not able to salve this problem from last four months
from thousands to few 30/40 ... lol ... this middlemans
kejriwal will now provide resources with new zeal . after all he needs something to blame bjp
let me tell u one thing these are not farmers at all they are causing great trouble for the people of delhi and nearly areas and i actually happen to stuck at the singhu border when i was passing by i had to take the other road and it cost me around 2 hrs and not only that the thing is i have seen there are soo many people who are in these tents just chilling there i have proof of that and i have seen people smoking , and having hokka basically they are having complete fun i have seen one person fitting like a cooler and one with a tv soo basically they are just there to cause trouble for the government and i think out of these people not even 90 percent even know the details of that farmers bill so government should take strict action and remove all these people from there jai hind
let me tell u one thing these are not farmers at all they are causing great trouble for the people of delhi and nearly areas and i actually happen to stuck at the singhu border when i was passing by i had to take the other road and it cost me around 2 hrs and not only that the thing is i have seen there are soo many people who are in these tents just chilling there i have proof of that and i have seen people smoking , and having hokka basically they are having complete fun i have seen one person fitting like a cooler and one with a tv soo basically they are just there to cause trouble for the government and i think out of these people not even 90 percent even know the details of that farmers bill so government should take strict action and remove all these people from there jai hind
now all andh bhakts on social media protest will not stop andh bhakts untill the three farm laws are roll back . jai jawan jai kisan
we all including those who are calling farmers goons will have to pay for this to get the ache din
real farmers are harvesting wheat crop this time ... these are only andolanjeevis
covid surge in delhi , and also in assam , bengal etc . but no stay on political rallies
they are not farmers . they are international idiots
covid - 19 is very strong in india , now . yet , these foolish farmers gather in large numbers without masks . get lost , assholes !
fake lockdown to force farmers to stop protest
this violent farmers are instigated by foreign taliban n sfj supporters !
very less people know that there 10 farmers union who support the bills . if you wont believe you can search for it . these people dont understand that despite of getting slammed in wto , indian government is arranging new laws to free them and msp cannot be made a rule since india is a member of wto . if the government actually didnt support farmers then goi would have stopped providing msp to farmers long before . i dont understand why they are making an empty agenda even if sc has postponed the bills to an extent of 1 and half years . if this type of scenes continues then it wont be surprising to believe that there will be protests in every bill the parliament passes - just for the sake of defiance .
it's not at all farmer protest it's aadthi ( middleman ) protest why punjab government is not farmers details where central government want to send money directly to farmers account
don't talk about covid protocols . we have seen your protocols in west bengal and assam .
first of all have you gone to protest site why should farmers come to you always . first suspend all rallies then come
what about rallies of parties in bengal and other states
my middle finger to those punjab farmers .. i m farmer from karnataka and my middle finger to them . ..
biggest joke is people are still calling a farm protest
i am supporting the poor farmers who are supporting these laws , not these rich farmers who are seeking their own benefits !
can't say much about the laws but i just hate tikait . there must be a smart and educated leader for the protest but tikait is a dumba $ $ . whenever asked about laws he always chants ' msp pe kannon bana do ' but consumes fevicol on which clause of the act is against farmers . all those who are generalizing sikhs with khalistanis should also drink a bottle of shame .
meanwhile corona is political rallies : hypocrisy ki b seema hoti hai
is it still going on . well now no body really cares
out of 28 states only punjab have problem ... shame on u punjab
the biggest culprit is arvind kejrival , he is the man who is waging war against govt.just to increase his vote banks.and that chutya rakesh tikait is doing politics.are bhai politics krne h to krna congress kre taraf se ya khud ke party se.sala is samay cooperate krna chahiye govt.se yaad rkhna ye koi elected govt.nai h , selected govt . h with 303 seats . u cannot write of easily.that rakesh is not cooperating even 1 % .
is this a movie shooting coming and sitting whenever they want on roads and again saying farmer protests , people no longer support or believe this type of protests , delhi people are suffering a lot due to these fake protests
ha shi h bs protest se covid ho rha h . election rallies se ni ... bkl kitna chutiya katoge
charge rs 100 for each hour they gather and participate in the crowd and charge until thay are done with it
comment section filled with bjp it cells . don't mind them , they get paid to do this .
india needs to move on for the future generations not this idiotic politicians and stupid farmers leader rakesh . 5g what india needs not farmers agitating stop blaming the central government if u live in rome like the romans then move on to pakistan.insyallah pm.imran kham will settle feed the farmers and its leaders take pappi rahul n soniaji also dnt 4get the cm of punjab or thackery n mamata bengal bandit queen .
while bjp doing rallies all over india . lol no corona there ?
how will india become a superpower if people block roads every second day for protests ? these things doesn't happen in china . chinese government gets what it wants , either peacefully of by force . that's why no country could match china's growth and success .
vhutiye fake farmers . actually they are not fake , they are just stupids and uneducated .
suspend ur election rallies , that will also lead to rapid surge .
the opposition is such a curse to india .. ! the center should sue the fake protest by fake farmers . !
these are siege protests and they should be reported and named appropriately .
sorry to say ... they're are nothing but damage the image of india internationally
lot people are there lol
only paid protesters ...
supreme court ko inke against strict action lena chahiye , contempt of court ke case mein , judgement aane ke baad bhi inlogo ne road block kardi .
send our beloved hero solman boi
everyone is following covid norms but what about recent election in wb and assam .
oh lol they r still protesting ? funny .
no support for them , paid by congess
tum election me rally kaise kar rhe
what about election rallys the so called andhbhakts in comment sections are like we support him
they are just paid protesters funded by a terrorist country
when modi came to power 1.chai wala , 2 . tolerance , 3.anti muslim , now anti farmers but as a indian jewish i know there have lots of well educated indian who support modi's vision .
modi govt should stop ignoring our farmers
khud rallies kar rhe ho aur protestors ko bol rhe ho nikalne as if bjp workers in rallies are covid immune i dont support the protest but still bjp is being hypocrite day by day
this andolan is becoming a joke now . its crystal clear that govt will not withdraw this bill .. its wiser to go home and prevent themself from covid and sunburns .
actually they are fake farmers
actually i am not able to understood what is happening now
, ohhh ... this propaganda is still going on i thought it must be over by now .
bengal election rally no covid ?
selmon bhoi can handle these andolan jeevis
fuck off and take ur illiterate asses back home fake farmers only punjab farmers are protesting let them stay with the stupid previous laws and let them stay poor
can't wait to see your face ripe off . hopeless government and leader talking about covid ? what is modi , am it's haha and bjp leaders doing in bengal , kerala , assam and tamil during this pandamic ?
kejurudhin should give them food daily .
it's too hot how they're even surviving ? shit man how people demand just like a baby without seeing the logics . even before these laws were they getting a good value for what they produced ? why don't they even give it a try . i can clearly see those reactions which are against farm laws all seems clearly like well planned !
dont angry modi .. dont cross limit ..
not much crowd is there ... doesn't look like 1 lakh people
then why u r making these controversial laws during covid .
at this point , there is basically zero support for farmers apart from in punjab and some liberals , rn everyone knows they aren't farmers , i mean apply common sense , what sort of farmer has the time , money and resources to spend this long away from their fields . they're just a burden on common man's life . this is just cheap politics by rakesh trying to be a cm and i suggest they clear out before ucc is passed on august 5th this year , when 20 crore peacefuls will start the biggest protest in human history .
tomar sahb us chu * * * modi ko yeh batao ki corona spread hota hain railly se ... #zindabad_farmer
some times i think that thank god i am not living in delhi almost every day somebody will block the highways and cause trouble for local people
looks like andolanjeevis are lesser paid . that's why most of them left the protest .
naxalite is the future of india . support country naxalite and its government . naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights .
we are with farmers
delhi news lads police muslim girls
happy teacher's day ! !
if democracy ko bachana then farmers ka satth deo sab
modi hatato desh bachao
#vacateourroads
all the judges are bought by modi government . supreme court is pet of government . shame on supreme court acting on the behalf of dictating government .
opposition is literally failing to damage modi govt so they trying their best to do whatever they can although they always forget that how cheap is internet and how easy it is to catch anybody's lie . if those are farmers than who are the one's working on fields ? ?
harrassment of farmers part 2
i think up is suffering from economy
indian supreame court ran by rss , congress & brahminical community's justices . now we do not have any little trust on supreme court . supreame court should be ban . <user> unsc please ban indian supreame court . corrupt & exploded based system is court ... we want only khap panchayat justice system again in india ...
sc judges act appear more shameful than even politicians act in this case . sc please take needful decision don't act & play politics like politicians play . shame on this sc . is this sc blind ? ? ? it can't see a handful farmers anarchy by blocking roads .
the more condemne the sc and its judges it would be lesser since sc has become of silent spectator & its judges have no words to criticize & give verdict against these so called farmers anarchy by blocking the road .
punjab economy is suffering
it's a sham .
it's perplexing that what is the freedoom for protest.when court is interested in small disturbances , why it's not coming down on protesters affecting daily life.good now it has come to the conclusion that roads are blocked since long.sure now we can expect some relief !
it is surprising that , while recognising the right of the general public to use public raodways , the sc does not positively order the protestors to vacate the highway . the sc knows that negotiations have reached a dead end because the protestors want the withdrawal of farm laws to prove that bjp government is spineless . therefore , why does sc not stand by the general public and order the protestors to vacate the highway ?
still the supreme court acting like a blind person , the supreme court don't have the guts to take the action , the government fully know any action is taken the opposition parties are waiting for to taking to the masses to gain the votebank politics and and enough to win the election , in the scenario why the supreme court is acting like a impotent only asking the state to take the action , may be they joined the anti-national congress and other anti-national elements .
jail justice bobde for this nonsense for nine months causing problems for the locals , harboring criminals , rapes , murders and other anti social and anti national activities and blame the centre for inaction to drive them away .
if any action is taken the same medias and even sc will frown upon on the authority . indian democracy is unique in the world why even in seven worlds . keep it it up .
farmers protest contract will end after u . p election they had taken contract to damage image of modi government . it's better you contact their sponsor event management
farmer's nhn they r blackmailers & opposition k paison par palne waale ... k * tte .
internationally nd modi is being condemned for his high handedness for not withdrawing the protest , we respect your support toward farmers .
wow all the support except our very own people
i'm so proud of my indian farmers standing strong with you .
thank you ... we pray for each and every farmer living in world ... kisaan majdoor ekta zindabaad
make it a global protest , tag along and start a global protest against corporations . we need to support each other .
as a punjabi farmer i appreciate it . hopefully we can be seen as an example to other farmers around the world
this is a very powerful video .. i hope it reaches more people . i did my part by posting it on my social media . one thing a us farmer said in this video has stuck with me for life and i think it should be made the phrase of the protest : globalize the struggle .. localize the hope
our farmers getting recognized for their struggle for almost 1 year ... still indian media , govt are testing " annayadata " ... stay strong and , as said " keep up the fight " jay jawan jai kisan
1:56 so true thanks , for supporting us from punjab , india
where is the hindi dub version of this video ? i gor one on whatsapp but thats poor quality video
a big thank you " the wire "
thanks for your support , america ... long live farmers protest ...
superb reporting thanks the wire
thanks for supporting
world largest protest my foot out of 29 states farmers of only 2 states are protesting , don't spread lies spread truth . only 29 farmer unions are protesting not farmers and all unions are politically motivated . farmers constitutes 80 percent of indias population if they all actually protest whole country will be shaken .
modi is a creepy old man .
it is heartwarming to knwo that not only punjabi sikh community understands us but farmers in us and canada knows about the whole situation too . governments worldwide have always been puppets for big corporations . i am proud of the indian farmers and warriors in punjab and haryana region specifically that stood for rights amd still standing for 8 months now .
when this arrogant govt . open its eyes n ears , its really annoying
reygan destroyed american farmers with coorporation they have become slaves of coorporation
good work wire ! ! ! thanx a ton
good work the wire
it's foreign farmer's understanding the pain and severity of matter and in india there are some who call these farmer's as khalistani and terrorist . sad but truth
thaks to us farmers to supporting the historic kishan andolan in india .
i feel that our government only care and represent big corporates or shall i say our government is taking orders from corporates
this is very true .. the farmers should keep up the fight and we should all support them how ever we can ... if they fail we all will have to pay
please create subtitles in indian languages .
i stay in us . us has even more liberalized system than what the indian govt has proposed . and no one is protesting . this is another khalistani sponsored nuisance . they couldn't even get the grammar right ! also no visuals from the 26th january savagery .
american farmers thought if they get bigger farms , they will make more money . instead , corporations are buying at a low price from the farmers and selling a high price to the consumers . kroger a food chain just reported over a billion dollar in profit . while american farmers are struggling to make a living .
very true . great video . also , #boycottgodimedia #novotetobjp
thanks a lot for supporting the farmers protest in india . liar modi must resign ! we are very unfortunate to have a worst ever pm to lead our country .
it's bizarre , america doesn't have apmc , infact they have contract with big corporates n they selling in shopping malls . showing some white faces to convince that farmers r right it's nothing but mental slavery if any one wants good ask vandana shiva .
. #americanfarmersindianfarmersunity
i shocked that innocent farmers consider as a terrorists , how strange
we support our farmers because we eat food
this is in essence what we say global solidarity ! correct ! farmer's must stand their ground ! we are all behind you !
only this specific video is not running on my phone ?
thank you wire
world's largest protest wire me lagta hai short circuit ho gya hai
thanks for supporting show this video to modi ji so that he will know the impacts of his bills same thing done 40 years back in usa the results spoken by the farmers same thing we indians dont want to happen with our farmers
great to see the solidarity ! heart-filled gratitude to all our feeders !
if you do not know the truth about our new farms law , you keep quiet . first you talk to our government officials and talk to all our farmers ( every states ) than you know the truth , only 7 % of the farmers are against this law . do not trust any indian journalists , they are liar and not worthy to believe . you take your time and visit all parts of india and meet our farmers . thanks for reading this .
mean while in india ~ tum bhi jehadi hoo
gotcha msg .. the wire .. wired up everything .
after economy , politics is going global . if trump had won the election probably this meesage wudnt have been released
this government is no better than british raj . the only difference is that british had brain and feku government has none .
meanwhile in the us , bill gates has the largest acreage of farmland in his possession . he has purchased 242000 acres of land . what does he know of the future of food and farms , that we do not ?
' new wave of famine could sweep the globe , warn un officials . ' - un news .
thanks american farmers for your support hope the protest globalises and you guys would take it to next level . i support the farmers of the world
thanks a lot american farmers ... workers ( + farmers ) of the world unite ...
american duality . allah ki laanat ho america per . america ne bharat ko dhoka diya 5 july ko bagram air port afghanistan se chupke se bhag gaya kayer , disloyal america , lived alon india in afghanistan , and ranaway , from bagram air port , to american , on 5th july . dual america
americans have no idea of what is going on , so please stay out of our affairs . i am no supporter of modi or bjp .
thanks for support but irony is indian bhakts don't understand this
we are the indian farmers we are never give up till the end of bjp govt
thanks for support but indian kisan have the ability to turn the tables
u s a farmer are dying because of corporate farming and it's a fact don't let our farmer's like usa have done to their farmer stand with them now or never # we stand wth farmer # i stand with farmer .
usa should ban the hss which is rss hindu rashtar extremists outfits in usa
stop kidding . do these american farmers know what the new farm laws are ? do your reporting responsibly .
fantastic report . thank you yet again wire
thanks wire for continuing to cover farmers protests
now the whole world stands by indian farmers . jai kisan .
i m proud of my kisaan don't give up ,
thanks the wire for this wonderful video . our farmers really need all the encouragement they can get what with this government trying to belittle and disgrace them
it's so sickening to know that no one cares abt farmers now . they've been struggling for so long and no media gives coverage .
hrr packet waale products like biscuits , chips , cold drinks , rusk , etc , ka boycott kijiye .. kuch din simple rice roti daal hi khaani pade toh koi baat nhi . corporates k hrr product ka boycott krna hoga
in an opinion piece in times of india a couple of months ago , shri swaminathan aiyar had written - " the farm agitation supports a terrible farming system that kills aquifers , maims neighbours through stubble burning , and now kills them by spreading covid . those failing to condemn this are hypocrites or cowards . " he has described beautifully the wire and its loyal echo chamber .
the current government of our india is the most cruel one in the history of our nation
thanks wire
thanks american farmers , for supporting indian farmers cause .
the irony of the white man telling indians to fight on ( ha ha )
if this is farmer protest , why we see only punjab , punjabi's & sikhs here ? this is the crux of the issue , its not a farmer protest !
shook whole world but couldn't shake indian govt , shows how resilient indian democracy and govt is ! !
thannk ou vice news you are doing thhe job what indan mdia should do keep it up
it was all planned from the very beginning . and the protest failed horribly .
support farmers of india
they are uneducated just promoting their religion by those flags a pure extremist move .
they absolutely have nothing to do other than blocking the roads and to stop country's development they are not farmers they are just unemployed people burning the country just to satisfy there own personal anger .
and yet the punjabis blame haryanvi's for january 26 . punjabis have no shame . i knew already they will put blame on haryanvi jat .
the three laws implemented by modi govt serves to help farmers , however punjab ( the place of punjabi sikh farmers ) are ruled by congress ( which is the opposition party , and the same party behind the killing of 13000 punjabis on 1984 ) , the farmer protest is pure politically motivated , in the last 40 years more than 1000 of farmers suicided because of the old farm laws .. the new laws is more capitalistic , efficient and can bring the change .
0:58 that blue smoke is beautiful . what is that ?
neeraj chopra # # hindu sher from haryana
these idiots and bigots can only bark like dogs . go win a gold in olympics . badi badi fenkana band karo saalo . hindu is the king . bharat mata ki jai . jai bharat jai haryana .. # # haryana ka hindu sher
same here in canada . i have strong emotional attaching to my beloved ancestor land india . seeing government doing this to farmers is really sad .
indian media never covered foreign countries protest on farm laws
does any one from them is a farmer and know what is the real problem of so called bills for farmers in india ? no one knows the truth and reality only make hoolingn and political milage .
did u see there flags ... which are the khalistani flag which means they want to make a country for shiks in the state of punjab ... which is sopported by pakistan and china
i can guarantee one thing .. no one of them can tell all 3 bills that is proposed by the modi govt .
if indian farmers block traffic and protest in my country like that , i will send my request to government to expatriate them .
farmers are the feeders of a nation . any nation . theyre the ones whom people like us rely on for our food . if you dont keep your farmers happy , if you do not incentivise the agricultural sector , how do you expect to grow as a nation ?
oh boy , educated unaware people like these are exactly the problem india faces . read the bill .
these are the kinds of laws that have ruined the , family run , dairy industry in australia .
mostly the indian farmers are from punjab and haryana dont mention india its not like the others care .
why are they protesting in america like goons ? embarrassing really . also not a single indian flag in sight huh
watch what written on their flags they are not indian farmer's
another shameful work by the west
if you want to earn money . join them free food money shelter
it's not shaking anyone . don't spread fake news
im from india . believe me no one supports these rioters . keep calm , just educate urself over the bills .
i am a bengali .. hindu of india occupied west bengal ... support and love for our brothers of punjab ... we understand the .. pain of punjab ... because bengal and punjab was only partitioned in 1947 between india and pakistan
> shaking the world the protest taking place literally only in punjab and haryana lol . pretty sure farmers exist outside of those two states in the massive country of indian xd
actually farm bill is benefiting farmers . this just a political gimeack .
it's a mask , hidden agenda is pro khalistan terrorist organization , funding , organized by evil sleeper cells in india
shaking the world was best joke
i am a son of farmer too ... the law gives free market to poor farmers.it ' s truly beneficial to poor farmers which is almost 70 % of population.just some people are creating havocs in the society for their own personal needs .
they're not farmers but bloody antisocial elements
neither did any sikh nri mentioned about haryana
forgien media always glorified punjabis we haryanvis gave our blood and savings in this protest but even a single forgien anchor even mentioned name of haryana or up jats
they are not indian they are khalistaniiiii
anyone who has read the bill knows it has no ' anti-farmer ' element .
jo bole so nihal sat sri akal ! waheguru
all the rich indians need to back their farmers !
it is shaking no one . it's just one section of society that feels that things should be done their way .
stfu , everyone is supporting khalistan , not farmer protests i guess they have not read a single line
stfu , everyone is supporting khalistan , not farmer protests i guess they have not read a single line
farmer bills are beneficial for poor farmers . only " mafia kind of farmers " are at loss so they are jittery .
good initiative taken .
and this was allowed in the middle of a pandemic , what a biased publication , now blaming modi rally and kumbh for the current crisis in india , lol ,
love this keep going guys ! ! ! please dont stop
all khalistani supporter ... ' they have sealed the the capital ' lol ...
<user> news where is your coverage on pakistan and myanmar protests
farmers protest = covid bomb
1 . there should be discussions on saving sikh life , the minority , 2 % of sikh people in india , who are busy feeding and looking after rest of india and in return , no acknowledgement or development of state of panjab , nor caring for its stability , no problem solving , no productive change , and no real political sense or order operating in the state of panjab for their security , well-being , projects of employment , or other means of income or resource . i let and encourage people of other states to raise their voice too , its not one man / woman war } . 2 ... discuss the growth of diversity , and give analysis , of the discipline of politics , method of politics , investigate the the gatekeepers of the political world , challenging , by using agencies from abroad . there are plenty who have links and expose bad running of the political system . get together elected representatives and make them talk ... when they get phone calls of bribes and asking them to move over to their parties , ask them put it in writing and record their conversation also as proof of evidence ... the public is the judge , judge the institution and their wisdom . bribery is nothing to laugh , but people have in the past , that's why things have got so worse now ... know this people , bribery is a felony and unlawful , report and here should be fir against these people and not against innocent farmers ... 3 ... ask why modi is bringing back master and slave culture . its old hindu system function , why modi is walking backward , it did not work then . it will not work in this contemporary , modern and educated world ! ! !
i stand with u guys from pakistan love for the brothers stay bless jutt clan
today is 135th day of protest ... shame on our indian governence .. sh .
terrorism under hidden face trace them then kidnap them and bring them home in prisons
did our president neck himself or something cuz his name never comes up
1:43 want to show this to his blindfollower
while the sikh soldiers protect india's boarders , there fathers are being tortured by the nazi government of india ! !
shaking the world ? ? ? joker ... they are shaking themselves .
the law will never revoke bcoz it's already passed by the indian parliament . these people are only causing drama in other countries .
world worest religion
farmers are the ones feeding us in this earth so they should be treated well , farming is there source of income
i am a punjabi ... and this so called farmers protest is against modi ...
it's for the dumb western people's , before coming to any conclusion read the farm bill
they will achieve nothing they want to restart that khalistan saperatis movement which itself a joke and laughable .
sikhs when trump supporters raiding the the capital : i wont be joining this one . sikhs when terrorists raiding the capital : still i wont be joining this one * america bans farming * sikhs : oh , so you have chosen death america
thank you vice news for showing the truth to the world
at least , to strike a compromise , govt . need to have a seperate agency to act as a business resource center for the farmers in each state that they can go to ; to give them business guidance , teach them business & negotiating skills etc . without that , it's like throwing them out of the ship and they're saying , they don't even know how to swim . govt . they are the backbone of indian society , govt . needs to have understanding , empathy & compromise
prove that this bill is anti farmer
shaking the world ? lol . these joker middlemen ran away . modi is your boss . farmers love the new farm bills .
thanks for documantry
ohh , this is khalistani and pakistan sponsored agenda ?
new farmers bills not only ruins the farmers but ultimately directly effect common people of india on long terms . not only mandi will be shut down but small hand carts vendors will be out of market . all vegetables , food grains and essentials commodities will be sold in small packets at high price / rates like usa . canada , australia and other rich county people are buying . common people can not be efford to buy in india . if farmers bills will be implicated bad days not be far in india for common people of india
that is not khalistan flag
kmsc is responsible for all this violence , pro govt and deep sandu headed this ... sach me aisi violence se kisko fayeda ho rha h or kiska nuksan ?
for example .. if a farmer think selfishly who can culitavate for himself and his family ... we never get food please support farmers .
don't blame farmers .. please don't scold farmers ... if we agree this farmers bill , we won't get food for all .. farmers who lose their rights ...
no matter what you show ... we the common people of india stand strong with the farmers
modi sipping garam chai watching this from bed
goli maro in bhen ke lavdo ko jo ye tractor wale gandu he
" justice will not be served untill those who are unaffected are as outraged as those who are . " - benjamin franklin
this is your side of story , listen to the other side where it says police blocked the decided route for farmers
no farmer no food ... jai hind
the comment section being spammed by poets all of a sudden !
.. - - share subscribe watch .
iske liye kissan neta , khalistani orthodox and anti nationalism mobs responsible hain
police inhe maar skti thi , but , they were trying to control instead of attacking the protestors . these cops are also humans . they tried their
very bad that farmers done in our country . country first all other next
victin global hunger index ( 94/107 ) ? ? ? as a such that i am work job income tax chanel subscribe kro guys barojgaro ki problem solution say related vedios apload krnay wala hu plzz gauys support
just shoot those khalistan sponsored trouble creators . burn those damn tractors .
history repeating ? ? - .   .   .   . , . 2 1922 . 4 .   .   .   .
   . 23 .   .   . 9 1923 - 172 .   ..   .   . 19 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . 4 23 19 . those people who fought the british corporate system then are called freedom fighters & inqulabis . if kissan are fighting the indian corporate system they are called deshdrohi . all planned bjp think tank hired few people to do this unacceptable act at lal qila . it will divert nations attention from arnab whatsapp chat , fail the kissan andolen & defame one particular community . now they will charge kissan community with many charges & firs . will they think to punish all the coward people who planned 83 massacre , babri masjid killings , godara incident & many many acts of gundagardi . vande matram ! !
it was all planned earlier roop kal diya gya ise ... jai jawan jai kisan se . bas jai jawan ho gya h ab ... many farmers are disappointed ... peacefully krte tho could be possible government sun leti pr ab messing ... everything messing wo bhi 26 jan ko jiske liye milions of people struggle just to unit this bharat
2 month tak road pe baithe the ... govt should clarify the problem ... govt is responsible ...
wow , now everyone will play a blame game and such an insult to the national flag should be ignored , what do you mean by young farmers got distracted ? .
hello sir , the flag hoisted at red fort isn't a khalistani flag , it is called nishan sahib and the national flag was not removed from anywhere , nishan sahib was placed on an empty pole near red fort entrance . at some up election rally bjp lotus was placed above the national flag . i dont know why every media house have covered what happened at ito , defaming farmers for hoisting nishan sahib but these people have been out there , barely surviving this harsh weather conditions for over two month patiently and peacefully protesting now , many died no one really cared , tricked by dl police and remain unheard by our country's media houses , politicians . a ground report from the channel <user> is seen covering the eye witnesses statement where they admit to have seen dl police damaging dtc buses and blaming these on farmers ( 10am - 11am ) . whatever happened was not right , but completely blaming farmer and calling them anti-national is also not right this is the same dl police which attacked students sitting in jmi library . everyone here knows how the bill was made , passed . mending things / situations according to their comfort and sensibility just bc they are in power . cheers to republic day .
modi = m , amit = a , devol = d - - - mad policy the only problem
shoot them
that in not flage of khlisthan thate is of khalasa flage
my slv family ... pak's tweet is bewildering us ... it's not khalistani flag .. it is nishan sahib flag ( a significant flag in sikhism ) that has planted in every gurudwara . there is huge difference between khalsa and khalistan . please don't believe such hated news and tweets
modi wants bharat to be a hindu estate : so let it be . let khalistan come into being , let kashmir come into being , let asam come into being ; and let nagaland come into being : what is left over is modi's hindu veresh : enjoy . what is the problem with that . modi is a pakistani agent : he has more sympathy with the late mother of nawaz sharif than those 140 farmers died because of the severe weather sitting in the andolan . shame of this type of treatment . farmers are andata , they are not atanwad : but modi has treated them as terrorist . modi must be removed from the power and must be trialed to get a sentence of death or let bharat be divided into 5 parts . that is the end of this rss terrorist hijacked bharat and created a situation of hatred and marginalization : against the policies of nahro , and ghandi . this is the start of the movement of khalistan . now it is out of control . jai kisan ; jai jawan : jai khalistan : is what i have been hearing from the participents of this rally .
please be clarified , that flag hosted on red fort wasn't of khalistan but nishan sahib . nishan sahib is a flag which we can always see around gurdwaras .
these are anti social elements not farmers ... funded by congress party and communists , pakistan and china
just for the people that think we took down the india flag we didn't we left it there were it was all we did was put up a khalsa flag beside it .
they not farmer they are terrorists
you don't know about this and you just saying for your followers and likes . making your trp this is not khalistani ka jhanda . this is also our sikh's historical flag call nishaan sahib . this is a symbol of chardikala .
<url> police shot dead 3 farmers - hit them with tear gas a sticks then disguised as protestors and vandalised property when caught by farmer union found police id on them ? ? ? / government dirty tactics
stop lying for few views you ediots
kisaaa shi h unhe justice dena chahiye wo pagla ni h itni thand m ghro se bhar reh rhe h
very shameful act by farmer
for your kind information not khalistan flag it is khalsa flag and kissan s flag
thok do saalon ko , how dare you try to drive tractor over policemen . this is not the way to protest yeh sab fasadi log hain .
govt always want that so that they can broke them
#godi #media #murdabad #modi #worst #primeminister of #india
youtube , | subscribers | |
sir flag was of nishan sahab not khalistan flag moreover , our indian flag was as it is at there they only raised nishan sahb , farmer flag along with indian flag govt itself made it violence even common man could judge the scene to be happend on 25th govt gave time to people to go there nd raise flag nd then turned the way of movemnt ,
this is govt responsible because how long people protested .
they are not teririst
it is my india not afghanistan
great news sir
narender modi is brother of nerav modi . both are same
how disgusting shame on this government they are not thinking about indian farmers they are thinking about afghanistan how disgusting
is this the level of democracy and freedom in india , it is a total shambles ... what a terrible shame
stop brutality and police atrocities against farmers in inidia bjp government have lost mandates in all over india .
stand with farmers
hitlar government
bjp chor party
khalistan is their ultimate solution ... they are waste their time in these demonstrations
shame on this government
tikait has got political ambitions . the other side , so called kisans , are also crossing limits . how to control them ... could they be be allowed to do anything under garb of some andolan .
how modi government is working for ambani and adani to regain power because ambani gave funds to bjp
dakait is a toolkit of opposition parties
kick those aratiyaas to oblivion and let them remember this lesson for the nxt 2 gens ... traitors that survive on khalistani / isi slush funds will not survive ..
just here to write godi media
internet down in many districts of haryana from yesterday coward haryana govt .
good action taken by government . they are not farmers . farmer's are my uncle , grandfather . they are enemy of farmers . whole india know why they do such protest . but nothing happened in up . again yogi ji come
supreme court plzz say something on farmers matter . you are so active in kaaawar yatra thanks . but plzz say something on this matter also .
if the sc still keeps mum than the people should take the law into their hands.this sick farmers are becoming a nuisance to the country .
police should use rubber bullets or life firing like the chinese . lock up all the politicians involved . high time to take bold action against this protesters .
public has to come out and supreme court must interfere .
bjp rss is the another name of terrorism
itna bada news channel or or news headline muzaffar pur fir your kind information panchayat muzaffarnager mai huyi hai
aare bhai muzaffarpur bihar main h . aur mahapanchayat muzaffarnagar main hui thee . kya bhai recheck bhi nhi krte ho . whatsapp university dekh rhe ho kya
chee news
zee news .. head of bjp pachark
bikkyi hui chanel
shee news
us lathi charge m 1 kisan sahid bhi hua tha
are tittle to sahi karlo phle wo muzaffarpur nahi muzaffarnagar hai
farm bills are totally nonsense it will bring enslavement and unemployment in this country . same as happening usa and european country .
internet band kr diya yeh h democracy
zee news alwayz spread hate ...
end of democracy in india
send tihari there . but he will probably need to wear a disguise nahin toh chitra tripathi waala haal hoga . lol
govt must action against these khalistan andolan
chunaavi mahapanchayat supported by aap and congress
headlines should be muzaffarnagar not muzaffarpur
captivating news
farmer's fake protest : , . , .  

  
   . , . , . 
   
   . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , .
looks like communist party meeting , with alll the red flags ... agenda is clear , he is only congress communist b-team .
looks like communist party meeting , with alll the red flags ... agenda is clear , he is only congress communist b-team .
takait is running only political agenda to stop yogi modi . though kisan & people know very well , about takait and others , that they were playing aadatiya card at the name of farmers , while it's not so . they are playing in hands of india's number 1 enemy china , pakistan & khalistani model . people should be aware of the dirty game of takait & other fake groups .
we don't want to see the third class face jai hind jai bharat sir
only yogiji nothing else
dear migrants , please come to germany . we need you and we have space for all immigrants please send all refugees to germany , thank you so much . vielen lieben dank fr eure hilfe !
* they are blood suckers of the farmers . those protesting are paid by arthiyas for personal gains if govt repeals the farm laws ; what are their plans ? since they are anti-corporates . are they going to make new warehouses ? establish new market accessibility ? new connectivity ? new exports markets ? reduce / refuse receiving subsidies ? ... *
bjp hatao desh bachao , desh bachao ,
this government is corrupt morally ... congress was corrupt politically ... sab k sab chor h sale
touch the photo
your for giving so much love to my ' song ' thank you very much
khub chor h rakesh
one of the mantras to save the nation . " godi media pe thu hai "
it's dakait not tikait , it's totally political drama
rakesh ticket badmash hai
jhuthe ho tum log zee daalal media hai
rakesh chor h
" my dad is ill " " and i have not job and money " " youtube not giving me views " " i want to handle my family " " ya i'm worse than others : ..
" my dad is ill " " and i have not job and money " " youtube not giving me views " " i want to handle my family " " ya i'm worse than others : ..
please turn your camera and show footage of crowd sitting behind you .
kisano ko nakli bol rae ... kitna propaganda chalate he ye channel wale
you great sir
ravish kumar sir was right we have to start some sports to farmers so then atleast our pm will meet them .
this ocean of farmers protest will swip government out
if there is no division based on religion and if we succeed in going back to " unity in diversity " , then india will progress .
good job , great chennal salute for you
please nirmala sitaraman se mat pooch na petrol price ... o bechari bholi hai ... vo bol degi " mai petrol nahi peeti jee "
proud to be raveesh sahab
traditional farming , is time consuming and production is also low , that's why poor farmers income has decreased , it's very sad .
ravish sir your are percent right
support ravish kumar
love you sandeep choudhary
sir aap . real me hero ho .
kissan congress ke chamche he
democracy proterter paterkar sandeep choudhary
news 24
news 24 best channel
i salute this channel nd sandeep choudhry .. baki sb godi media h
i salute you se sandeep choudhary ji you are a great journalist of our country
best chanal in this would
anchor sarkar hiteshi hai
bjp elections are sponsored by ambani and adani ...
this channel is fully modi media
anchor is so biased
amitabh bachan political kitnr paise liyee modi se
kisa ancor hai abp ka lagta hai bjp ka koi neta news anchor hai .. kis tra se bolta hai . decency nahi hai words and sentences par anchor ka tone vi invoking bjp ki tara hai . professional news anchor jise interviews ya debate nahi karta hai
anchor tere bas ki na h
they are terrorist
104 terrorist killed wow
fighting for own rights is right i support farmers
zee news to
very good design punjab government
good decision
confirm , panjab govt means , congress , sponsored nakli kishan andolan , so failed
kuch bhi krle ye congress
modi laao desh bachao bajboot sarkar only for bjp
now khalisstanii farmer's will get govt . jobs too
how misguided punjab government ? all three laws are hold by judiciary . committee made by judiciary for give all of them their views . committee submitted reports , but verdict pending reasons god knows ! fundamental rights of delhi people harassment by blocking roads and support by judiciary to so called farmers !
cong hatao desh bachao
chutyia sun toh le phlr
takait maybe avoided in discussion between govt.and kishan .
dictator government .
reporter mice se zee news icon hata kar aaya hai
stupid sold channel
mic change
inke pichhvade lal hojaye to desh bach sakta h
no farmers no food
because shaheen bagh was not dealt with force now this useless farzi kisan andolan .
chee news
aaaj thu chee news
* the police should be withdrawn as the cm of delhi allowed it . when these idiots riot , let the delhi cm face them and the consequences . * * why is the police made the scape goat * * delhi police should not tolerate the shit created by delhi cm *
thado
* delhi cm has his pets at delhi borders and they have disrupted traffic which has created problems for people using the road . cm is afraid to confront and evict them ; so cm join them *
this is gunda gardi we had been tolerating . this is too much .
why the sc is scared off taking against such prolonged serious ' kisan andolan ' crisis disturbing the people & the nation ? , ,
that random person , , , ' ' ' who liked my comment ' ' ' l pray you and your parents live more than 100 years
like lie bjp has no legs to stand upon great chor looter jivi bharat jlao pagal party .
bjp moid chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor
two points : 1 . finally government has done what is required as per constitution . a peaceful demonstration . good on government . 2 . there may be a trap laid for the innocent kisan by sending fake people to create ruckus and tarnish the image of poor kisans . this has been happening in the past .
i am also from a farmers family . i appreciate the strong agitation by the farmers and fully support the farmers . god bless the farmers
jai kisan long live kisan god bless you all god bless you with good health and safety
why sale all lindia airport and railway
we support ndtv
we should stand with farmer
nomber 1 chanel
police should not work for badals or captain but work for kisans and never behave like beasts in khaki
boycott bakwas propaganda news ... save nation
pm cm 1000 bjp
boycott all parties specially bjp and akali dal kissan virodhi
congress party jindabad
farmers are real hero i salute you
bjps left hand akali dall helping bjp.so that punjabi couldnt go to delhi dharna
why does not bjp government withdraw its farmer lawas ? if not ? definitely , it seems to be fishy ..
all these dramas are fine for haryana people but when will we sikhs become brave enough to admit the truth that our gurughar our home is not indian punjab , and that we belong to lahore in pakistan , which is the kingdom of maharaja ranjit singh , who was our forefather known as the lion of punjab ( sher-e-punjab ) . nankana is the birthplace of guru nanak the founder of sikhism . so , for how long will our homeland keep calling us ? ? ? come on brave brothers let us move back home to lahore , pakistan . forget india . lets go our real , historical , guru-granted home : lahore , pakistan . raj karega khalsa . i repeat , brave sikh brothers , let us never forget that the real home of sikhs granted by our guru and the capital of sher-e punjab is lahore and not india . indian punjab belongs to punjabi , bihari , madrasi and all indians but lahore belongs to sikhs alone .
shame on people who are going to political rally
- the stand of sardar gurnam singh chaduni is commendable that is , the corporate fund based political system of our democratic & secular country may be said responsible for harassing the kissans . so that a new party namely all india kissan-mazdoor party should be made by agriculture people for flushing out corporated based politicians by democratic votes .
vote to navjot sidhu if he be a candidate as cm punjab and vote to akali if party pardhan & cm of sad be out of badal family . please never vote to bjp & aap in punjab .
600 every year , november 26 , should be remember as saheed kissan day
indian army should take over the india
jjp , bjp all the same . do not worry mr chaitala , people of haryana know that you are an opportunist . they will not vote for you in next elections .
strange that you are trying to cover up sdm .
dushyant chautala , you pls study these laws . i can tell you have not read the laws else you would have been on the side of farmers . your dy cm kursi is mor e important to you , it seems .
acha to phle roop rekha thik thi to baat mani thi kya
all these dramas are fine for haryana people but when will we sikhs become brave enough to admit the truth that our gurughar our home is not indian punjab , and that we belong to lahore in pakistan , which is the kingdom of maharaja ranjit singh , who was our forefather known as the lion of punjab ( sher-e-punjab ) . nankana is the birthplace of guru nanak the founder of sikhism . so , for how long will our homeland keep calling us ? ? ? come on brave brothers let us move back home to lahore , pakistan . forget india . lets go our real , historical , guru-granted home : lahore , pakistan . raj karega khalsa . i repeat , brave sikh brothers , let us never forget that the real home of sikhs granted by our guru and the capital of sher-e punjab is lahore and not india . indian punjab belongs to punjabi , bihari , madrasi and all indians but lahore belongs to sikhs alone .
fake news
kisaan aandolan k naam pr opposition ki dirty politics chl rhi h
fake deputy cm
naxalite is the future of india . support country naxalite and its government . naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights .
bjp and puppets at high level are printing money others are being used and will have a dark future .
aaj tak chanel dalal media humne to apne ghar pe es chanel ko hi band kr diya pta ni ye chanel kb band ho ga
aap sab political party walo dub maro
please only right news the news reporter said he don't know where water canon go on and he also said there's few people are drunk and they used water canon so that's mean no body drunk over there , news not right
* simple question do you want a police protecting you or do you want the takiat & goons in your neighbourhood ? ? ? blocking roads & distrupting movement of goods & people , ghero homes , rioting , destroying property .. *
* if govt repeals the farm laws ; what are farm protest leader plans ? since they are anti-corporates . are they going to make new warehouses ? establish new market accessibility ? new connectivity ? new exports markets ? reduce / refuse receiving subsidies ? ... *
zee news bakched hai
shame on zee tv for dividing india . why not do some research what will happen if buisnesses people will own farmers . no more healthy vegetables . it going gi be genetically modified seeds .. middle class people will forget health oranges , carrots , potatoes , . zero research by zee news .
plz administration not only punjab .. sach bolo
aap ka owner bjp ka nominated member he
we support farmers
no farmers no food
shame shame zee for not respecting farmers
shameless modi india has never had such a shameless pm in history .. he is ruining india .
bjp modi sarkarrrrr murdabaddd indian police murdabadd police app kiya khate ho kissan ka hi khate ho appp apna zameer paise aur job ke liye modi ko bech aye modi tho apni ma bhen bhi ambani air adbani ko bech de paise ke.liye jago india jagoooo
sardar gurnam singh chudni ji llage raho
we proud to be kissan
it is not a curfew by farmers you soulless morons . the haryana police put cobra wires , dug public roads and fired tear gases to disrupt their movement . stop misleading people , nobody is stupid anymore .
aaj kisan peche h to congress ki vajah se or ye kisano ke sath politics khelte h . congress ne des ko loota h .
murkho dekh lo tum log 265 jita rhe the n
bjp hato desh bacho
opisition party
congress is best for farmers
tiket chor
mahapanchayat crooks are unhappy that they cannot cheat poor farmers
god is love 13 13 hr . pp
i love you song nitin chhaniwala
bhai u deserve 100 m you are not singing you are expressing ur feelings
very nice video song
bhut acha bhai song hthnks support us singer godi media trh bikaw hoge srm h singers p pani marr singer
i love you
very , nicee
#wesupportfarmers
nice bhai
i m proud to be farmer
respect to haryanvi bro from punjabi
we are with you all kisan brothers - - - from maharashtra
we are supported farmer
am i doubting that is india really a democratic country . where ruling government threat common peoples
all indians love only ravish kumar . jay kisaan
shameless government
zee news comments filtar karti ha ha
dakait jame raho chor tumare sath hain
zeenews to bjp news ..
modimedia shame on you ... what is this shame shame
dakait want's to become pm of india
yogiji bjp only always
enough is enough . we want to see dakait behind bars .
modi yogi to bahana hai centre government mis aana hai
har kisi ne bjp ko vote diya to congress sp ke khate mae jo vote pare the wo kya sab farzii the kya ?
how much discomfort neighbourhood experiences ? inka khayal nahi . kitnei phasal bigad gai inka andaz nahi ? kitnei dukan bandh ho gai ? in paar vichar nahi ? aab bjp ko target kero ? slanderous language is offending can be prosecuted but bjp is very generous not to prosecute hooligans supporting rakesh . kissan ki ayi double ho gai infrastructure improved saves money on transport . irrigation supplied saves money on water . electricity provided saves money on electricity . waste of farming product is now stored by businesses also saves not only products but helps farmers who receive income that was previously wasted when farming product was thrown on roads and tramp under car wheels . rakesh is traitor is playing games in name of farmers .
shoti c ghtna nhi hai yeh . that was deadly attack and its torture
ordering to beat on head ( shir fphodu thoo ) by lathi charge on farmers ; is a small thing ( chotti cteesh ) for you or what ... ! ! ? sabhash ...
khalistaniyo k paisa se chal rha h ye political protest .
bjp loss seat in 2022election
and one thing is more sir , earlier we demand repeal three anti farm laws but now my aim is clean bjp
he feels more jealous when we are talking against bjp
sir , you are the best news anker and i respect you because you are the news ankar of bjp
sdm is absolutely right these aandolanjeevi are treated best medicine
highway tere baap ki property gunde tune turwa diye criminal
this is godi media not aaj tak
iski muche padni h election m
all these dramas are fine for haryana people but when will we sikhs become brave enough to admit the truth that our gurughar our home is not indian punjab , and that we belong to lahore in pakistan , which is the kingdom of maharaja ranjit singh , who was our forefather known as the lion of punjab ( sher-e-punjab ) . nankana is the birthplace of guru nanak the founder of sikhism . so , for how long will our homeland keep calling us ? ? ? come on brave brothers let us move back home to lahore , pakistan . forget india . lets go our real , historical , guru-granted home : lahore , pakistan . raj karega khalsa . i repeat , brave sikh brothers , let us never forget that the real home of sikhs granted by our guru and the capital of sher-e punjab is lahore and not india . indian punjab belongs to punjabi , bihari , madrasi and all indians but lahore belongs to sikhs alone .
ohh chor ... khacchar
lathicharge is the way to teach the unruly gundas in the name of farmers needs the lessons
sdm is right , gundo se aise hi nipta jaata h
bjp desh ke liye cancer hai
woow wonderful to see you on news channel mere dost .. feeling proudful
nice video ... please bring such videos more
ias top 10 mantra for success in upsc <url>
wow brother
- ? the stand of sardar gurnam singh chaduni is commendable that is , the whole present political system ( including comrades too ) of our democratic & secular country may be said responsible for harassing the kissans . so that a new party namely all india kissan-mazdoor party should be made by agriculture people for flushing out corporated based politicians by democratic votes .
now government should deploy army and local police without further delay to deal with these gundas , because they have crossed the threshold , also such types of fraud and biased journalist should be send behind bars who are very active in this fraud agitation and spreading and creating wrong perception against farm laws knowing the facts new farm laws are in favour of real farmers not for and dalal
the way this government is treating our sons of soil , who are fighting for their rights , is unbelievable . ultimately no one can defeat sons of soil , they will snatch their rights .
can the godi media not see & count this crowd ?
they are indians
we respect our farmers and farmers leaders are always right
we respect those who respect our farmers and farmers leaders
our farmers and farmers leaders are always right
we support our farmers and farmers leaders
weldon by farmers
bad job police and government and rss modi
modi ji , you are great and knows how to fool indian public ... great dramatic character ... it is a suggestion to open a drama school to train students for politics and nsd admission as a part time business , great ... modi ji really you are a very clever and a different type of chracter , uderstand it without saying ... we support our farmers not a puppet of capitalist ... jai kisan jai bharat
and the best oscar acting award of the era goes to ...
chor hai
chor h ye pm
no law has been in force as the sc has stopped the implementation
code of discipline karna please govt form a indian kisan voter list and elected body only represent the issues of all kisans
thanks a lot to prachi ji
dakait jame raho chor tumare sath hain
why they are saying jaat kisaan neta , he is simply a kisaan neta why these news channel highlighting the caste ? & divert the main topic shame on this type of indian media
sahi pakde ho rakesh theek hai
surya mitra send request iraq attack at lucknow na bhai
toti chor aur topi chor
rakesh tikait tu paisa kama rha congress party tujhe paisa se pyar pahley kanoon ke bare mein janakari de sabko tab ham manege i dont believe you you are hungry money you just need money for strikes if cbi check your property they will find out a lot of property from you
bjp hato desh bachao
chooth bolo etna chooth bolo like modi k vo such lagne lagge shame on modi govt
tiket fekvanu bndhkr tu bhi gltfemi me mtrhena
your air rong sir
tu chor haa
modi will not withdraw these laws . farmers will have decide on some detail long term strategy to defeat these laws . farmers will have to work to bring back the same crisis of pl480 times .
right
my pray all kisan brother all of you win go home
canadian sikhs controlling this agitation shame on jaichands
kisan andolan karo rahe i support and stand with kisan union
bloody anarchists ...
sahe . bola
tractors should be banned from protests
they are not indians and not kishan . they are supporting those who disrespected indian tricolor . shame shame ...
salute takait brothers and all people who joined this salute
victim
how much property this kissan neresh tikat have . i think rule should be made for not the people who are super rich behind the mask of kassan . as their children settle in countries like amrica , canada , uk etc and in india enjoy very big land with all income tax free . free electricity and water . whereas real kissan who have small chunk of land spent whole life in misary and some time due to financial problem or could not repay the loan he commit sucide . govt current scheme not reached towards him due to not so called unchib pahunch . this is the irony of india . i think govt should recogonsie real kissan of india and work towards them . these kissan with sword are not kissan but old era time jagirdar with dictator type attitude
you are doing a fabulous job keep it up sir
exit an idiocracy baggage a
why are they coming out during corona . this is wrong
hi team , you people are doing a great job , please cont .. doing such great job really appreciate , please do a detail video on sabiya saifi who was brutality killed .
the crowd is increasing continuously and the garbage is again answering the party of garbage tripathi
ayega toh yogi n modi hi ... ye baghpat ke lokdal ke unpad log hai ... baghpat highway yogi ne banwaya ... in chutio ki 3 seat ati nahi ... bakchodia karwalo
please wake up ...
why should these reporters from aajtak and other media expect standard treatment and respect from general public , is their iq so low that they do not understand that in their enthusiasm to lick boots of their political benefactors they use such vulgar synonyms to describe protectors , agitators and people who do not agree with the policies enacted by their political masters ... these people have reached nadir of sycophancy and feel that shouting , howling , abusing all in the comfort of their studios is journalism .. than they are living in fools paradise ... people are reaping benefits ( in form of worst governance , worst management of covid globally , uncontrolled price rise , no jobs etc ) of electing the worst incompitant government .. and no amount of bootlicking by these paid journalist will change thus fact ...
bahut vadhiya reaction brother
it's just beginning picture abhi baaki hai mere bhai.up election bjp whitewash
03:14 keshav prasaad maurya's insecurity is speaking ( showing ) .
blowing their own horn !
change for some thing this time s :p or con : in u :p kyoki desh sankat ma ha
media is corrupt bcoz she is taken moneny from u :p gov we know all know all thing bware u :p people
global biggest liar modi dhokebaaz global biggest chaploos sambit peetroo thooktah hai bharat
i am danish
it's rld not rdl correct it
very good job thanks you so much
log hai to country hai log hai to government hai modi godi media no need people no need government only need jungle raaj fake all over india all people disturb in india by bjp rss government
bhai ye news news chodo tshirt kahan se late ho ye btao
jab tumhare papa g chunaw prchar kar rahe the tab corona nahi fail raha tha
modi ki rally me kon se social desting hue thi
i am not farmer . but i understand that this law can destroy farmers . i support them
election ktm ram naam gyb petrol diesel rate start
bc to abhi corona gya ni h .. phle january february m kr diya ab fir chalu ... zombie bn k ghum rhe ye log ... kisan alag h ye chutiye alag h
godi's destroyed the country ...
aam party best
jai kisan desh bachao in carporate se
right
swamiji bill gates ke baare me knowledge kam hai apki . he's bought maximum farm land in usa and finished small farmers .
jai shree ram
hme to is trh se ram ka r to nhi bona ata . lekin inse puchiye ye hi bol kar bta de aur hme bhi sikha de .
har muslims family's gets 3.5 lakhs to go to makkaa and madinaa , but hindu , sikh , isaai and all others religions people how much money's got for tour
up mage owesi only
this swami is very good . the real understanding hindu who know the real religion .
he is good swami all muslim like you and your words are true
i will miss always to you sir
such a great loss of death .
godi media you are finish for indian people
such bolna chaiye
we all are against bjp
report this channel
your discussion is very biased . you are intentionally promoting one sided , government view .
you
i m surprised the kissan andolan has conquered covid without any injection . no mask no 2 gaj ki doori , not even a single person died due to covid .
don't try to bias my anchor
mc mallikarjun karge & diggy both rejected by voters for lokasaba in 2019 , took the back door rajya saba to enter parliment
dehli me kisan nhi congress & anti bjp daale desh me ashanti create kr rahe h girftar karna chahiye inko
i'm a big fan of ajai alok
have live debate where rajewal , yudvir and abumanu , let india see why laws are black . ? ? ?
send back modi to gujrat where he used to do farming wut tommar talking about
people says aajtak also bjp media
jai shree ram !
he is trying to defend government softly
thanku news 24
take care and we love you sir ...
great work by sandeep choudhary .
news 24 seems more inclined specific political party ! !
glad to senior journalists on ground keep it up sandeepji
sandeep choudhary sir
sandip choudhary on ground zero salute them
the greatest war between godimedia and jantamedia has already begun .
lution dalal media limited desh
initially i was supporting them but after this incident i was like throw them away . pura bht aache se india ko badnaam kiya hai ... iska award milna chaiye in logo ko
we are proud of ojr farmers , bjp goverment hindu sikh kervana chati hai .
only punjab kissan has poblem with the law ? farming is not done in other parts of india ? andhra pradesh , arunachal pradesh , assam , bihar , chhattisgarh , goa , gujarat , himachal pradesh , jharkhand , karnataka , kerala , madhya pradesh , maharashtra , manipur , meghalaya , mizoram , nagaland , odisha , rajasthan , sikkim , tamil nadu , telangana , tripura , uttarakhand , west bengal but the problem is only with punjab farmers ? do they give is food for free ? their action on 26th jan has insulted the respect we had for farmers . farmers of punjab are terrorists .
it is terrorist attack
we are proud on my farmer
modi started this now kisaan will finish it
arrest all kisan leader who create all such nouncenc in our republic day same on kishan leaders
boycott jio boycott ( jio ) sim port sim into vodafone or bsnl boycott reliance products kissan k liye like
farmer aise hote hain ?
not supporting to any kind of violance ever but ,
cricket ki commentary kr raha h
zee news to sale kuch or news show kar rhe h ..
very bad ... hoisting religious flag .. at red fort ... # real face of so-called farmers unveiled ...
what our gurus and religion teaches this way , anarchy vendalism , destroying everything and feel proud ? ? ? sochooooooo
wow what a republic day great farmers welldone
modi and bjp are without a doubt the worst thing to ever happen to india . the economy has tanked . discrimination against minorities is through the roof . one protest after another . the government's response is to use their media outlets to blame pakistan . why is your economy garbage ? pakistan . why did china invade and take your land ? pakistan . why was your pilot get captured in pakistan ? pakistan
bhai tu cricket ki comentry achhi kreg .. vhi kar
we agree sir dharmahandra supporting the farmer's , shame on amitabh , akshay , salman and amir ...
om hare om
twite ...
   ..   ...   ..   ..   ..   .   
 ... .   ..  ...   ...
   .. * * * * * *
kangana ranaut is best actor
dharmender mazboori me ayatha .
mantosh 2022
india is the nation of farmers not of political parties ..
dalle h yeh amit akshy
if dharmendra tweeted it has come from within , but if he has taken out the tweet , its sad because that must be because of his 2nd wife hema malini ! ! she was better off as an actress than coming to politics and doing nothing ! ! !
mr dharm ji is real well wishers of farmers .
dharmendra paji khud aandolan mein shamil hona chahie tha
msp , debt crisis : why farmers in western up are protesting against farm laws - <url> with the latest farm laws advising contract farming , the farmers believe that it would altogether deprive them from their most prized possession , land .
abhisar sharma is the biggest c ... journalist .
paid outlet ho china ke bhai
hello unemployed reporter , you have been kicked out from media house , because you are belong to lutiyan gangs , urban naxal gangs , power brooker and mandi brooker.peoples are more intelligent than you and your gangs .
main godse samarthak
you are wrong mr
thank you
rahul gandhi is more educated than bjp party minister ... kas rahul ek bar ban jate pm .. young talent age hote .
now bjp want other party again rule 60 years . lol ...
, 12000 / - , , , - , , 2 , , the results is still zero
, , subscribe , , subscribe
aisa h na sach ager dikhana hai to new world order ke baare m dikhao bhai . sab clear ho jayega
godshe
bjp tho chalth he jhoota our doing hindu mashlman congress pakistan assay kran say in ko hindu ka vote millt ha
modi is out and out fascist
abhi sar sir bhindrawala not terrorist
will there be new laws for tea benders ?
good explanation i
i'm respected to you sir ..
u are right sir
inhi ke roti khaty hiy or inhy hi mar rahey hey . sham on you b j p
farmers or back bone of this earth long live kissan unity
khatar ji insann de izet sireff parmatama da piyara hee zan da hai.khater ji app too naffret de pujari hoo , time will be come , when you and your aka uss parmatma ( ram ) dee sachi court vich kee hona hai , use noo tere varga hankari insane kee jane , tomorrow night real dreams will show you all kinds off dark side by.bhagwan krishina jee , it's very true.bhagwan jee kee lath don't make noise , tera garoor chanachoor khatar ji
we the red forces * lakhs of red salutes to our valuable farmers "
government agitating farmers to be violent .
phele hi pta thi k ye hoga
try to teach all this bullshit bjp party
i am danish
government machinary become mad .
bjp.chor.party.murdabad
kisan / farmers are dependent on transporters , 1 * the mody government has increased traffic challans by 10 times , both farmers and transporters are facing problems.the transport minister mr . gadkari did not listen to any plight of farmers by that time . 2 * the government has also increased the rates of deisel . 3 * the government has reduced the life of all diesel running vehicles from 15 yrs to 10 yrs , including tractors and all earthmoving machines like bulldozers , jcbs , road rollers . etc , for which farmers have to take loans . the government is going to give numbers of blows to farmers . now the government is facing problems . and agitation , protest .
kisans / farmers are dependent on transportes , 1 * kisans have to take a loan from banks , to purchase terakters , the mody government has reduced the running age of all diesel running vehicles from 15 yrs to 10 yrs . 2 * the mody government has increased the rates of traffic challans exponentially about 10 times . the transport minster mr . gadkari had not listened to the plight of any farmers , to reduce traffic challans . 3 * the deisel rates have also increased . in west bengal deisel rates are equal to petrol . 4 * there is no storing space for farm produce . the mody government is giving multiple blows to farmers .
god is great believe in god pray for bless
free electricity should be given to all punjabis including physically handicapped punjabis .
zee news aaj pahli bar sach dikha rha h pls and share
india army committed massacres of sikhism , captured their territories and attacked harmandir sahib so sikhism believers assassinated indian prime minister indira gandhi in 1984 . free hyderabad deccan , manipur , sikhism , sikkim and tripura from india to restore as independent countries .
why govt has not listening their words.govt has to listen to farmers .
* * please support me * * myself barnali adhikary a private tutor from hooghly , wb , india , i live with my mother . my father had passed away , i am having no siblings , i have lost all of my tutions due to lockdown situation & being the only earning member of the family , going through extreme financial trouble , having no other sources of help ... my mother , a home maker , is suffering from chronic diabetes & high bp along with kidney disease , can't afford to continue with her treatment & can't buy urgent medicines for her , also unable to buy groceries and vegetables to sustain the daily needs to survive , hence requesting earnestly for your kind support urgently , please don't make nasty comments or calls and it's not any scam or fraudulence at all . a little bit of contribution could save our lives , hence contribute as per your capability ... ( contribute whatever you can via google pay / phonepe / paytm number .. 9163429620 , ... upi id .. 9163429620 <user> or 9163429620 <user> ) , or , ( barnali adhikary state bank of india sahaganj branch ( 2115 ) savings account no . 3957016634 3 ifsc code .. sbin 0002115 ) people who sincerely want to contribute can call or sms on 9163429620 ... god bless you all ...
congresee state chief ministers supporting criminal turn farmer agitation
terrorist / criminal turn farmers are disturbing normal life of people of delhi.arrest and prosecute them
minimum support prices is absolutely minimum demand
green colour kyon
sikhs must stop mockery . rest of indians are laughing at them . another operation blue star is on the way . hand them over to west punjab to solve their problem forever .
why are only punjabkisans supported sponsored by akali dal the greatest monopoly and exploiters of small poor lisa s hope all would realize it
support farmees
why are pro farmers in favor of bill not showing their support for this bill . why are they silent ?
indians are with farmers not with commission agent . modi sarkar hv always done best for indian .
* ( btc ) * - * , * uppl bjp * *
support , support
i am supporting new agriculture amendment of 2020 for farmers .
we supported indian farmmers .
by cut kishan andolan trp
boycott zee news channel please unscubcribe this channel
i love your boldness poonam
this woman is beautiful .
my daughter you do not know the politics . what is behind it.let the time pass . pse patience . the time will tell you fact . parties do not want to see to go forward to you . they are unable to tell the fact of it.when you will come to knwo .
i am fan of this lady
good disition
hoping she must be on the floor of parliament discussion session while all nations channels should be live . hope and example for youths and stand for the rights .
brilliant girl ... make her cm or pm . she is a gift for indian nation .
hello poonm sister you are great girl ... we need your number please we wanted sports
the science of the cultivation of land he is studying agriculture in lndia
click here to buy full upsc course <url> study iq's upsc course is designed by some of the best faculties in our country . our comprehensive upsc course will help you excel in both prelims and mains examination .
conclusion is .. m . s . p should be compulsory for all transection .. otherwise private company will be monopoly and act like . english east india company ... and now indian ministers are already like pupet ... nawabs under the hands of corporates .
govt should have control on both apmc and private too.not only for these all issential things other wise only people will suffer from this . we already have real example of private educational institutions .
good explanation ... clear crystal
govt should interfere in msp .
it's atransparent information .. good
private sector are those institutions who burn all the power of middle class people literally i want to say that if it is going like that so one day we will again enter in the " tanashahi " world . no more freedom
the farmers bill ( 2020 ) is like getting proteins from supplements ( sold at a premium price by corporates ) because real food is not available or it is available but " knowledge " about real protein rich food is lacking ... and the companies take full advantage of this lack of knowledge ... make the profits ... ultimately replace farmers with machines ...
nice explaination but 10 ni 70 din se chal raha h protest ..
very well explained .
great video as always !
msp on contract farming and hoarding these are the main issue and i think here farmers are right ... but i hv a query why farmers who are protesting are not ready to set a panel and talk to govt . directly ?
very good information sir ... thank you ...
very good and non confused content display by you .
thanks
really informative
please tell me the full form of msp
well explained brother
pm modi should watch this vedio
thanks , now i understood the bills actually
farm bill is bad ... atleast hoarding to nhi hona chahiye ...
oppose the agricultural bills
well explained
you sound absolutely like amir khan
really sir .. very nicely explained ... ab mujhe samajh aaya why farmers are protesting .
perfectly explained
thank you very much sir
han sarkar ko apni facility acchi krni chahiye .. wrna to private sector wale farmers ko exploite krte h or krte rehenge .. fix price hone chahiye aanaj ke chahe govt ho ya private sector
very well explained
thanks , sir !
thanks sir nicely explained
what a great explaination
thanks sir
thanks sir g
well explained !
thanks sir for lovely details .
very well explained
havent found any video which is so concise , crisp and clear with case study . thank you mahipal sir
this is ur first video that i hv seen , n honestly had absolutely no clue about these acts ... thabks for explaining them in the best possible way
very well explained .
so well explained
thank you sir very nice video
very well explained sir
thanks sir
sir your point of view is very good ... good analysis .. thank you sir
very good explanation ...
great information . thanks sir ..
thanks for the valuable information sir ji .
excellent explanation . monopolist in online education . sir thanks
fantastic explanation . real free lancer .
crystal clear explanation on farm bils sir .. tq you so much ... how can i get pdf on farm bils sir
very well explained ... thank you sir .
i want to say thank you so much sir . thanks a lot
this video is nothing but a classic example of fear mongering . all this video is talking about is , this would have happen in future , this may be happen . but nothing decisive . the only farmers who are protesting are from punjab and haryana who are fat rich , many are having crores of turnover . u gave a example of jio . yes jio rises there prices , but they are not selling 1gb data for 134 rupee like airtel doses . only because of jio today all the telecom player's are reasonable in there prices . and yes is government is not managing correctly they have to go away . ex : - ordinance factory board 100 % govt , is only able to fulfill 53 % of its orders from past 3.5 decades , due to their faulty animation and equipment 1000 ' s of crores of loss is taken place . so don't make a video tomorrow what wrong with government for corporatizing ofb .
very well explained sir ... bjp privatisation la rahi h , n kisan vl be at their mercy ... this needs to modified or scrapped .
thanks sir .
very well explained sir ...
thanks a lot sir .
u explained it very well sir
great explaination and linking
thanks a lot sir
all doubt clears thanks sir
very well explained sir thank you
very well explained .. sir .. !
thanks sir
thanks sir for clearing this important topic in lucid manner
thank you sir for explaining in so simple way , i don't understand why officials can't sees these cons while everyone else can
well explained
private contracts will eventually bring a competitor and farmers will have a choice to whom he wants to sell and to whom not . if you are not getting msp in the private contract you can go for apmc's
it is very fruitful fot all the farmers , they are not going to lose any rights even they will get more options of selling
there is no msp on vegetable or fruits . only 6 % of total agri output of india is brought through msp
6:40 , if the contract has already been done then why would changes in prices affect farmers ? ?
we need this as a jpg or any other format .
i think agriculture supply chain will be modernized and farm produce will increase , if the company and farmers do contract farming . then farmers get best price . with efficient supply chains consumer also get best price .
in a convoluted search , i came across india farmers protest new laws . after reading several articles , i still couldn't make sense of it , by design b / c i'm not stupid ! thank you , and that's what i thought !
really supperb
made it very simple to understand .
ur explanation , voice , accent and pronunciation is literally so awesome
nice explanation but still i'll recommend everyone to go through whole farm bill for better understanding as he also missed a lot of things . as you know half knowledge is always dangerous . btw this bill is somewhere better than old so i will support it
nice explanation
very nicely explained . thank you
how an illiterate farmer can sign legal aggrements how ? ? just without reading ? ? without understanding what is written there ? ?
love the way you explain it ... thanks a loooooot ... it's a big help for my preparation amithjiiiii
i think the government is taking a capitalistic approach which at the end , we have to take anyways . india has to grow and become self sufficient and for that , every indian should become self-dependent so that the government does not have to waste the hard earned tax money and rather utilize on the development of the country . although , i am not a very big fan of bjp's economic adventures , but i can really say that this bill is extremely visionary . it will get better over time . great job !
u are awesome broo and ur voice is
then why the hell there was so much of noise in the nation attracting international support
had i found this channel before i would have cracked upsc then . anyways learning is an unending process
most of the comment makers seem to be too far from reality of rural india .
ok , let's say we agree . then what is the government going to do about the poor people who can't afford to eat onions or potatoes , is the government going to hand out free food to them or have some kind of benefit system in place ? what ever way you look at it , a problem will be created in the future . maybe look at a solution that will help all parties . why not let the farmers sell directly to the retail industry as well and see how it works out , but still keeping the same conditions as going through the market .
great
from where i get pdf of this lecture very nicely lecture
sir can you please make videos on agriculture optional it would be very helpful to us
this video was very useful , tysm now all my doubts and clear ... and i proudly say that i support farmers #istandwithfarmers #farmers
if i am a trader so i sell daal for rs . 149 per kg and earn more ... what a incredible law ...
modi government bring good policies but they loose the narrative war
really good video
sir where we could get the pdf of the vedio and your vedios are very helpful .
it was really too good cut to the point
if i would read 1st and 2nd law together ... then as per an already signed contract with a company i would never loose a penny as a farmer ... either the demand is high or low in the market ... its the company's headache ... not the farmer's ... isn't so ? ... then my income will not fluctuate ... * t & c applied
thank u so much sir .. very good explaination
your voice is god gifted ... the way of your explanation style is unique nd easily understandable . thank you sir . god bless you
explaining a subject with such ease and clarity of thought is a rare combination , no timepass , just content , put across in simple and logical sequence . if you could cover international affairs in the similar manner , this channel can give 90 % channels run for their money . kudos for the brilliant effort
this bill was implemented on bihar . after that look the results of bihar's agriculture system . kishan majdoor ekta zindabad
there are around 2 hr 10 videos in my coaching ( for which i paid around 80k ) and not a single one is as good as what this guy has taught us in this 14 min video for free .
sir please explain about indian digital ecosystem ( idea ) on agriculture .
what type of bill " farm bill 2020 " was ? was it money bill ?
why r u not telling about open market in agriculture ... everyone knows punjab and haryana production more than the requirement ... in open market demand supply decide rate of the crops ... then obviously the rate will decrease automatically for the crops ... and govt . providing nothing ... like cold storage warehouse for store to the farmer then where will kisan store it to get best price in demand supply circle
simply wonderful ! !
india copy america and america copy china
ive watched the video twice . i still dont get why the farmers are protesting . it seems the pros should overweight the cons . what am i missing ?
extremely helpful video ... thanks for sharing
yes for common people no benifit only big farmers and big business house will mint money
sir , how come it would be good idea to letting handle pvt organisation , when it will increase monopoly and dominance of powerful ppl . if the govt want to bring but also has to assure that they will give minimum fare amount , where govt is not giving assurance .
sir if possible please create another channel for various scheduled language ! there are various poor kida who don't have equitable acces to quality education . digital platform like yours can suffice that .. love from tn
sir please make more video ... it will help us a lot ...
admin in a deserving candidate whom upsc rejected
i wish any media had covered it this way .
thanks sir we dont know economics after my doctor and software degree i'm also reading econicmic times and no knowledge is coming only oligopoly monopoly i dint managerial economics in mca and some accounts how will i understand u people should help us
the best teacher , god bless you
and see the price of edible oil now
it's like an ias is teaching on youtube . we got .
his voice is like listening to the red mirchi in f . m . radio
very very excellent sir
can anyone tell what software mr . amit uses to make these videos ?
sir , do cover major issues like this , it really helps
the farners in telangana facing problems in selling paddy , which you can view through various local language channels but some media doesnt seem to think its important to address , maybe since it doesnt match their political motives
great explanation . you should teach farmers these laws ( instead some corrupted parties ) so they can move to proper protest .
you have told only half of the facts , and that too only govt side's . the main contentions of farmers that is why they are objecting is not properly and not completely discussed .
in the non - perishable and perishable goods there is a 50 % , 100 % limit in increasing.did they mention the base level price of these commodities . i am confused because the market is fluctuating and there is no exact price on any product .
only the cronies will profit from a highly regulated environment . when are we going to learn that most price hikes are artificial , mainly caused by government policy measures purportedly aimed at resolving some problem but having the opposite effect . likewise , we can bring thousands of examples of how price controls failed in many countries , not to mention how it also bred corruption . if india has the capacity to build an effective regulatory framework , then it can function better by liberalizing the economy and and let the market decide .
is there any pdf format for this sir
this farm laws are very harm to farmer's . goverment should not implement this laws !
nicely explained
you did not tell that msp is removed in contract farming . also that there is no court interference in contract farming . ? ? am i right sir . if i am then you should have brought these major points why farmers are protesting . knowledge shall be imparted with an unbiased attitude , no matter which party you support . also on oxygen shortage supply , i could sense your soft corner . i joined this so that i can get an unbiased teaching from you .
good lecture amit . also listen to p . sainath ( ramon magsaysay award winner ) . he says farm bill is the corporate hijack of india and it will create utter chaos , and this is a fight for india , not just for farmers . ' <url>
listen to the colin gonsalves , senior advocate of the supreme court of india and the founder of human rights law network ... this bill is unfair to farmers and is a fight is for the heart and soul of india . <url>
the main and important point is missing here.that is it will bring a very delicate and intrensic planing in farming.instrad of this traditional cultivation without any planing , the farmers can change with the market demand and with well planing , that will change and modernise the.agriculture sector.there will be more money with the farmers like those in kerala
sir your way of teaching is very helpful for my preparation and i have a request to you ... can you please make a video / videos based on our constitution in a brief and simple way , it would be very helpful if you can sir .
inflation-deflation shouldnt be a complain or a votebank issue anymore , tech agriculture more transparent work by farmers union roll out , if not a political strife a centre verses state hold the transaction-advance for agriculture see to states and union thereof shall be transparent with no strife issue to begin with ... reliance less owing to supply connect network #
really informative thank you so much
this is a global problem and your explanation is excellent which aligns with the strategy of silent weapons and quiet wars which is the global strategy to allow the elite to control everything ! if there is any way you can acquire this document , i encourage you to do so and read it !
wonderfully explained concepts clearly . my request is to pl provide link to download pdf documents in the description .
i think due to this bill the commoners are going to suffer most
amit sengupta deserves a padma for his outstanding service .
when we say that it will pinch our pockets , is that not exactly what is keeping the farmer poor ? our reluctance to pay fair price is keeping them poor .
u provide content after deepest investigation which take alot time for a people like me and u make it easy coz there's no need of an investigation after watching ur videos ..
ur voice is awesome .. and perfect
nice well and cristal clearly explained sir
thanks for simplifying . love it
crystal clear explanation .. thankyou
i appreciate the time in the effort what you have put into this video and the sketch to understand it and also gives me knowledge about the 2020 act for farmers and the individual entrepreneurs wishing you a good luck and looking forward to see more videos
in india : 20 corporates own 70 % of wealth . in america , : 20 corporates own 25 % of wealth .
farmers are protesting because they understand the reality of these bills - not the fancy language ! - no more mandees . - only i biyer - adani : monopoly ... jio ! ! - no right to courts , only sdms - contract farming ! ! ! - adani dictates what to grow and how . gives seed and pesticides and decides what price he will pay to farmer based on adanis decision on quality - farmer responsible foe any loans etc taken ... risk of bankruptcy theough the tax laws ( indirectly ) . - farmers will loose everything indirectly through these laws . all farmers will become indentured labourers . of all people involved in farming , including labourers and those who sell produce , only 10 % will remain employed - where is government going to give jobs to 90 % of those that will become e unemployed ? since government will not be buying produce from farmers ( because adani / albanian will ) , how will government fulfill its atta / daal scheme to the poor ? ? ? do you think all the delhi bar assoxoation and other supreme court layers who are standing with the farmers do not u sweat and the danger of these 3 laws ? ? ?
very informative
when will he achieve 1 m subscribers
best video believe me i have watched every video relating to these laws ... but it was more than clear ... thanks
thanks a lot
3hr long lecture diya aapne wo bhi free me , aap dhanya ho guruji , happy teachers day sirji
happy teacher's day sir
4 am i finished this video because of vikash sir . only possible because of your teaching approach thank u vikash sir and team drishti
thank you so much sir
most knowledgeable person in india
watched in one go .
3:14 : 03 all the chomu protesters and lallu tikait ... please read what is written on white board ... ohh sorry tum to anparh hoge na tabhi neta banne chale ho
you are harbinger for us . standing for us and steer us in a right direction . thankyou sir ... sadar charan saparsh
first of all , vikas sir , i am totally inspired by you . i am a software engineer but started watching your videos since last 10 days . i find your sessions very very informative and engaging . you are god's gift in this era for the students like us . i can't stop listening to you . keep educating and inspiring to all youth . this video was in december 2020 and now it's september 2021 . you said it's 15 days farmers are protesting and you hoped that government would make necessary changes to the bills in 5-7 days . only because of the arrogance , govt is not amending the bills , farmers are still protesting ... news media is sold completely ... they have stopped showing farmers .
saying thank you is may not be enough for the way you teach and explain any concept sir , still thank you so much regards
thank u so much sir ji . it's an eye opener
thank you
guru ji 9month ho gya haa but no result on farmer bill
sir is there any provision for weekend classes in your institution
doosre lecturer bahut hi overconfidence se padhate hai
msp of rice is perhaps 1960 rupees
sir with due respect plz clear 1 doubt ... be time frame 1.30 to 1.40 ... u discussed abt bihar without apmc ... u said kaam chal raha h ... agar ye model sucessful hota toh bihar k kisaan ki per capita punjab haryana ke kissan se jyada hoti ... jabki bihar ka kisaan punjab haryana k kisaan k half per capita income pe bhi nahi h ( sad but reality ) ... i think u missed this discussion ... otherwise got good understanding of act through lecture ... plz consider my point
this is what india needs ! so much clarity of concepts ! people should watch this video to have clear understanding and then decide their opinion ! one of the best videos i ever watched on youtube ! sir , the way you explain is so simple and fundamental ! kudos !
sir apki handwriting bhut acchi hai ... lagta h jaise computer ke fonts ho ..
i am ca and regularly watching your lectures for conceptual clarity .. thank you sir ..
great sir
very nice information sir thank u for sharing this info
very good explanation ... much needed one .
honourable sir im mba student , during study i have to give presentation and i get topic farm bill so i watch this video and this video help me to clear my concepts thank you for makeing this type of videos and please do upload this regularly my goal is not ias but im curious abut this topics so please upload this regularly
02 2002 ; , please reply sir
it is totally in favour of corporate sector
sir aap aajkal naye concept talks q nhi laa rhe ? ... i miss them
please take one session on new education policy 2020
sir we are waiting for new video
i am able to understand full concept because of this video , thank you sir .
farmers agreement on price assurance and farm services act ... isme hording ko promote kiya jaa rha hai ... companies manipulate karengi kissaan ko ... msp naa hone pe kisaan aadhe paune daam pe bech dega kyuki perfect competition hai
sir phir jo log employed h unhe bhi court jane se mna kar dijiye usse aur tume bachenga court ka kissan second class citizen nahi h desh ke andata h unhe court jane se rokhne wala kanoon kala kanoon h
sadly bills and laws are diff on paper and diff in execution . dont delete this comment , if unbiased you very easily said land will be secured but tell me from where our poor farmers can repay the loan in case of misfortune you dont understand how monopoly happens , you dont understand how corporates misuse loopholes fact : silos were made before bills were passed clearly tells who are behind these laws
thanks sir .
sir please also make a conceptual video on ussar please
sir you have said msp should be in written not legal . then how will make sure that farmers will get it's reasonable price . govt . can't buy full produce but it can make sure that all big industrialist buying it are giving reasonable price , at least msp .
i loved this movie .
i loved this movie .
sir please make upload lecture on afganistan
sir , i respect you . but your fact about fci 2:32 is totally wrong .
nicely explained ...
prateek sir is great teacher
doing good to nation . thankyou
thank you so much sir
such great explaination . thank you so much for being upfront and honest .
for me high technology in farming may not be a rosy picture
amazing expalation
thanks , the best analysis .
sir , these acts are of 2020 , report of shanta kumar are of 2015 .. this long distance is filled by digitalization at large and rural india is not exception to it . what about results of work of modi administration ? do we have any report to get account of that ?
thank you sir ji for explaining everything this clear .. i am student and i'm going to start farming soon so i was searching for govt . acts or rules for farmers and i found a right channel to get the information .. thank you ! it is so helpful .
farm acts and the necessity of it , along with the reasons for farmers protest in this clip.https :/ / youtu.be/yhjk8sjpxzk
thank you so much sir , it is explained thoroughly .
well explained ! to understand bill also listen to p . sainath on youtube .. he says farm bill is the corporate hijack of india <url> listen to the colin gonsalves , senior advocate of the supreme court of india and the founder of human rights law network ... this bill is unfair to farmers and is a fight is for the heart and soul of india . <url>
pratik sir ! your way of explaining things and providing appropriate insights is much relevant and peaceful . thankyou team drishti ias !
beautifully explained . thank you sir
try studying the terms and condition of the bill you people might learn finer points . the difference between you people and farmers are that they know what is good for them . punjab farmers are more cleaver than you people . small holding farmer will not make it pay ( be profitable ) to sell to other state .
tq very much
why did pepsi company need potatoes
super explanation and articulation .. being an agri entrepreneur ( <url> ) , agree to all his points .. is there any update to this lecture . please share . thanks .
well explained , request you to reach every poor and illetrate farmers make them understand about the farm laws by explaining them in their mother toungue . this will help not only the poor farmers but the whole country .
you are the man . i enjoyed it very much ! keep it up my friend ! ! !
wrong information
jai hind sir . my opinion about making farmers aware of guidelines of market why our government can create a separate governing body to inspect the procedure . if there is any comments regarding this please make it . thank you
i like the content but he used the word simply too much so lost interest
excellent sir ... hats off the
sir is there any books for farm bill act 2020 plz answer me atleast 2 books name as well as their author name it's really urgent
you have clearly ( sarcastically and using black comedy ) explained very well that these new bill is going to help corporates and not farmers . i don't know how many would have understood . thanks
thankyou for explaining this topic such wonderfully .
pls sir go.slow ... you are going too fast
thankyou so much for this video , you are helping a lot :)
hello to future ias / ips / ifs / irs officer's jai hind
is there any way you can share the ppt with us ?
excellent presentation . clear , to the point and balanced .
pratik sir always makes the concept crystal clear . getting or not ? yes sir getting , directly to the head ! we have all good laws already with us , we just needs implementation now . thankyou sir & the entire drishti team .
watching it for my mba gd's . can't be explained much better . thankyou sir
what if in second act if assured price is less than msp ? ?
what about dispute between farmer and corporate . how it will help farmers .
what a voice
you explain so well sir .. thanks a lot !
monopoly should be ended
very very nice presentation
so many videos in farm issues even under educational institution channels are stating wrong facts , and speaking under influence without proper explanation . like any channel debate . but i found ur video very informative .
thank you !
thank you sooooo much sir ... for th clear explanation .. i really really like your teaching ... god blesss
ministers also need to watch it
farmers bill explained in short way in below link : <url> truth behind protest #farmersprotest
thanks won't be enough obliged by your explanation
i don't know why but this will prove to a boon for farmers !
sir i have one question if you can highlight this i . e if the private players enter in the market and slowly gradually mandis get closed because of less buying because farmers will try to avail maximum price from private players in such case the chances of . hoardings and over pricing by private players can be observed so in that case the commodities price will increase so what you suggest one that
whether we agree or not with the laws , the presentation is superb .
i feel that this reformed agriculture bill proposed by gov . needs some changes & amendments to ensure that our most diligent & hardworking farmer brothers get their truly deserving rewards : 1 ) need to define the regulated framework where government will oversee & monitor the contract farming deal presented by private entity . 2 ) government need to formulate the law & create the framework which ensures that farmer should be funded with the promised amount as per the contract . 3 ) if any private company tries to backout from the promised price then need to frame laws to suspend their functioning license . such that way strict laws will protect our hardworking farmer community . farmers were , are & will be the foundational & core asset of indian economy . so need to focus on empowering & prospering our farming community to see the strong economy & growth of india on the global platform . jai jawan jai kisan
farmer's can sell to anybody and anywhere in existing system also , if farmer wants to sell on msp only then he has to go to apmc near your area . and please don't discuss clarification while discussing laws because it confuses , clarification has came later after protest . biggest question is why government is limiting it's role and voiceing private sectors concerns through farmers , government = less profit , more charity , private = more profit and no charity . so why government is putting something so essential into " free market " " private players " can't goverment regulate the whole system .
very nicely explained sir thank you sir .
wow ... what a one sided explanation ... you are not telling us how the present situation working ... how farmer get rs 2 on onion and we buy it from market at rs 50 ... and result they get nothing on their own product ... i wasted my 40 minutes
thanks a lot for giving me information
what is the use of fpo's then ? they were supposed to help farmers with the clauses of contract farming throughout india . basically help and educate them . is this too not working in reality ?
plz provide pdf format of your explanation ... explanation is up to the mark it's too good .
yeah small farmers will be at the mercy of big corporates . but in a world when 84 % of the farmers are not even able to access the msp . at least a contract between the farmer and the corporate will have a legal framework where in the farmer will be protected by the msp , as such the corporates can never put a price that is below the msp . at least , this will ensure all farmers receive a msp .
farmers will benifit , but common people will have to spend a lot . govt ll not educate the farmers
govt is already organising many workshops at ground level and providing all helps through internet and dd kisan is a channel where they teach a lot of techniques for better farming , also many poor and uneducated farmers have in recent times emerged with new farming techniques and have increased their income . so where is the government lacking or can we say that indian farmer chooses to remain unaware and a subject to traders ' and moneylenders ' pity ?
very good explanation on farm bills by mr gupta
we stand with farmers
farm bill is not helpful for the farmers
here i'm am , doing chartered accountancy but still watching ! !
very well explained .. thank you so much
very well explained . thank you
a very nice lecture by prateek sir . thank you so much sir . sir , would you please make a video on liberalisation that occured in 90 ' s decade ?
huge respect from arunachal pradesh .. just wao
very detailed explanation.thank u
what is mandis ?
good .. as long as no education to farmers , these laws helps the companies .. if you give good quality education to the farmers , they would give up farming or migrate to us - europe so first educate the farmers then we can think about the bills ...
why don't they just make msp a law on every single crop produced in india ? e . g potatoes you produced 1kg = 10 rupees
i really thank you for keeping this lecture non-political . we should implement new farm laws , however , it's important to ensure the farmers are fully aware of their rights and benefits .
wonderfully explained ... i hope all the so-called educated people should first understand the farm laws prior taking any political view . going forward , it's important to make farmers aware of their rights and other facilities provided to them . however , it can be seen that current protests are certainly not achieving that .
i just happened to listen 30 seconds on the dispute resolution <user> . 20 ... speaker deliberately ignored the dispute resolution options ... not a honest video ...
i personally have always supported the new laws and can understand why some farmers are against the new bill , however there is something to be said about the way the media is portraying the farmers and how badly the government is treating protesters . the government does not care about democracy at all anymore
very veyy helpful boss .. very well explained
alright so what i came to know here is that no matter how much reforms the government does in the agri-sector , theres always a lack of proper implementation of the laws . further due to illeteracy the farmers gets hampered from their rights and could not take all the benifits which government provides to them
like sir our pm use to connect with people of india in mann ki baat ... and try to understand the problems ... why not all ministers of state doing such initiative with farmers and village students ... impossible to nhi h n sir ... why every mature students and wise person are not taking any step ...
thank you for this enlightening session ! how do we get the masses to see this ? ? opposing something is a trend and application of faculties is zero !
in india if anyone haveing education they r not willing to do farming . they want to go outside do job . thts harse reality as well . in india mindset is like this only ..
thank u so much sir , for the information . i work as gram panchayat secretary this information will help me in guiding the farmers , i will share this video with my friends too ... thank you sir .
great explanation . thank you very much . but , i have a doubt . if the apmc act , 2003 were adopted by 15 states only . that means the states had the right to choose , whether to adopt the act or not . so how will apmc act 2020 will be automatically applicable to all the states ? will the states not get an option to adopt the act ? thanks .
every one saying its good only have theoretical knowledge they just read and say oh its good for farmers but ground reality and issues r somewhat different which none of these " keetabi keede " wont understand
thank you sir , it has been an enlightening video for me . i hope people who are making a ruckus of farm bill see this video and then decide for themselves .
new farm bills are more vulnerable to monopoly . atleast when you know that there is no limit on hoarding when there should be . also like you said that the products are perishable in nature . hoarding only helps them exploit the producers / farmers even more . for eg a product with msp of rs 100 for once is purchased at rs 120 resulting in maximum produce and sale , let's say twice the actual demand . the remaining produce can be hoarded and in the next season , traders / buyers can either refuse to buy newer products or ask them farmers to sell the same products at a half price . because of their perishable nature , farmers wouldn't have other options but to agree . also the potential players will be very limited and an open market saying is just a gimmick because in the beginning , the products will be purchased at lucrative prices which have never been offered earlier , at prices which cannot be paid by others , even with taking huge losses on the account of buyers , to kill a potential competition like it happened in the case of jio . even idea and vodafone failed to survive . which other buyer can take losses as much as adani in the agriculture sector ? anyone ? and then when the competition is dead , there's no msp to protect farmer's interests , mandis will close down eventually as they'd largely remain non-functional because of a better deal from the pvt buyers in the beginning like it happened with bsnl . we already have seen such market disasters in the recent times , don't we learn anything from it ? how can farmers survive an exploitative monopoly which even idea and vodafone couldn't survive ? apmcs are atleast in the interest of farmers , new farm bills actually make the producers / farmers most vulnerable . in apmcs , traders license is given to those who are close to state govts and the govts keep changing thus keeping the cycle running . open markets with no law for msp , unlimited hoarding and with giants like adani it's just delusional to expect a fair business taking place even in an open market . this monopoly is worse by a 100 miles when compared to the conventional system of apmcs . these laws with a few changes made in the interest of farmers as is their demand can be revolutionary and can bring an end to these protests but currently they're more deadly than anything in a long run , both for consumers and farmers .
imo farms would not look like farms in the future it's both protestors and the govts problem
congress britishers planted party .. mother sellers ..
can you please explain land acquisition act and land ceiling . your presentation is too good and clear .
well explained . very useful video
u r against or with
very good explanation
because of u i cracked clat
bahut achha mam ji may god media bhi aise hi samjhate so that protest kam ho
coorperate ownership of land is the major problem
who tell u these bills are in national interest ,
what type of bill " farm bill 2020 " was ? was it money bill ?
thx for this concept clarity ...
please show this speech in aaj tak ...
you are too good to explain it . the best part of your lecture is - " your discussion was limited to law points only . it was unbiased legal discussion " ... keep it up and . keep sharing . thanks .
simply superb
very izzy presentation knowledge formers laws
i don't support these farmer laws ... it will totally help the elites to takeover land of the farmers ... and there is a clause that if any dispute happens between the company and farmer then the case will be gone the court and if you are not aware of this but judges can be corrupt ... for this there would be stay order or the company may bribe the judges to give the favourable judgement for the company owner and the farmer may loose his land ...
one of friend he is a farmer from raichur karnataka ... he used to farm tomatoes and wen he goes to apmc they u used to bid for starting from 10 rupees for 25 kilo ... max to max he could get is 30 rupee for 25 kilo .. so he stop
amazing explanation .
after bills also monopoly rahegi of adani ambani u only see what is written in law but the effect of farm laws kya honge future u cannot oredict
this is the best explanation ... thank you so much mam
educating farmers is wonderful point .
very good analysis and explanation of all topics .. thank you but plz try to make in english .. would reach better to all people
there are alot of farmer who are educated and they are continuously protesting but noone listen them bcz of the thinking of people like u who r not supporting thr farmer
privatization will also lead to monoply and that is very harmfull for economy and india is now underdevelopment and it will never be the developed country . also create a lot of unemployment .
mam ur teaching method is very simple ... ap koi bhi topic bht detail s aur ache s padhati h
plants free of water deficit events more efficiently absorb available plant nutrients enabling plants to achieve their maximum genetic potential . swrt membranes installed below plant root systems retain water where it falls , providing continuous delivery of drought-free periods up to 3 times longer than intensely irrigated control sands without root zone water retention membranes ( guber et al , 2016 ) .
maine padli samajh bhi gya ty . aur in that no mention of msp and land taking = no msp is gone neither land issue . 2nd thing protest is not on bill it's on dbt ( direct bank transfer ) like paytm , etc . to kisan . ty . jai hind
thank u i was very confused at whats bill when and where did the bill system started and i saw this its very useful mam i like it and thats how i learn it on grade 3 b too and my schools name is pathshala nepal foundation ! like it
mam farmers protest ka bs itne reasons h
mam i am but doubtful these laws are supported by apex institutions like supreme court high court , imf , us president joe biden centrists intellectuals like abhi and niyu and you and yes please speak firmly for the right of the farmer is this bill good or not otherwise propgandist like dhruv will mislead us with no substantive knowledge about it
mam it means state do not have power list ii is useless
if it is not good it can be amended but we cannot block conversations and just focus on media attention
please include timestam .
thanku
i hope those dumb protestors watch this video , seriously
apmc main sudhaar ke jroorat hai lekin bjp to use sedha he hta rha hai 6 % msp jo mil rhi hai wo sirf punjab and haryana ko mil rhi hai mostly wo apni protest main pure country ke farmer's ko msp mile ye bill ke guaranty mang rhe hain or bol rhe hain apmc main sudhar karo htao matt usee
hello mam , if it is said regarding state list then is doctrine of pith and substance applicable
ap journalist ho
how can anyone can be so good in explaining ... with crystal clear facts ... explaining skills you developed is amazing ... thanks for the video mam
article 249 requires legislation passed by council of state with support of two third members
scin raja ram pals case had clarified that the proceedings can be challenged on substantive grounds like violation of the constitutional provisions
mam apke thought se kisaan bill shi hai yaa galat plz reply ... ? ?
huge respect for you mam
i tried to find out why people are protesting from so many videos and articles . finally i found your video . your video gave me great clarity . i am grateful . can you help me find - what is the solution to revamp the age old system ?
as always informative and apolitical ... next video on land acquisition law , it's even more regressive than almost any other laws of india ! !
love it
yes my father dumped entire crop of garlic to root bcz apmc middlemen were not paying even 2rs per 100kg at the same time price of garlic in south india was 4000rs per 100 kg punjab's so called poor farmers are either mislead or they are afraid that they wont be able to exploit farmers by manipulating prices and sell those crops at higher prices in the trucks they are living in .
her channel must reach above million ...
pliz english
good dam i am subscribing this channel
10:47 you point out how certain situations within the parliament proceedings can be challenged in the apex court 11:09 and you are contradicting your earlier point ! so before you go on to claim that the supreme court cannot interfere , it needs to be clarified as to what activities within the parliament can be termed unconstitutional , illegal or irregular . for e . g . an activity like destroying the mic - is unconstitutional and illegal because the mic installed in the upper house was not paid by the idiots who destroyed it , rather it was paid by the tax payer's money - our money - entire nation's money . would you for e . g . destroy the traffic lights just because they are dysfunctional and allow more time for one direction ? without doubt , the matter should have been challenged in supreme court . side note : sadly as we grow older , we understand the political system better . we realise that the supreme court doesn't function on its own . the judiciary in the country come under the influence of the centre ( the election of chief justice for e . g . ) it is very important that the centre have their own people in position of high power to seamlessly run the country during their term . this is true for any govt and is true for all major posts like cbi chief , raw chief , ias official ( this is why you see a lot of transfers and forced retirements as soon as a new govt takes over )
watch from 11:23
great analysis as always
just realised u have studied from the college i m studying in and it makes me feel proud i know some people who have lost lives in peaceful protest ... sad for that
nothing fruitful !
nobody in india including the central govt explained clearly these farm laws & how good or bad it is . which is why experts say it will all be known when implemented for 2 years . it could go either way . it was implemented in bihar in the past with disastrous results .
mam , why do not you try to teach upsc for us.because the way you teach us that anyone can understand and they can have a good foundation.and many students need your help.please mam .
its minimum support price ... maam , , i think :)
i love this girl to be honest !
this is so so useful to me as a clat aspirant . thank you
isne farm bills to explain he nhi kiya bass apmc k disadvantage btayi hai for your kind information madam sirf punjab he nhi haryana and bihar bhi farm protest mei shamil hai , , ye vo log hai jo padhe likho ko bhi pagal bna rhe hai bakwas video
wow madamji ... u are really very cute and you explained this topic as beautifully and cutely as you are ... it's a great help for many people . thnx a lot
you have not answered why farmers from punjab are protesting against new laws despite there will be no mandi tax 8 to 8.5 % as per new laws .
this is what the laws really are , but all the propaganda is really shameful . just to win elections , the people who are opposing the laws are in a way fighting to keep the farmers poor forever . shame .
good expained
<user> rathee should see this .
sister but je jonsa app bataa rahe ho na state development and rural development ke liya fund to fir corruption kyu hai ?
subscribed for this video ... thank you so much mam for such a unbiased analysis ...
punjab mein abdul , jacob aur bichauliye bhare hai isiliye hungama macha rahe hai . they are undoubtedly against modi govt , nothing else , ive been following their posts right from 2014
therefore farmers are protesting because ther is no rule or penalty on msp neither in future . and quality based purchasing system that a farmer cant produce crop as the contrator wants therefore contractor purchase it on less price which losses the farmer
aap tuition parhate ho mam ? ?
it is good or bad , doesn't matter these bjp sangis doesn't know execution of law they will finally screw it we have seen it in demonization , gst , petrol , gas price hike ... so whatever bjp do is bad only
high treason ! all of them are starving children ! wow death sentence or death penalty is a punishment sanctioned by the state , where the person is killed for committing the offence . the act of carrying out such a sentence is known as an execution . includes causes of death : hanging listen ); born 17 september 1950 ) is an indian politician serving as the 14th and current prime minister of india since 2014 . he was the chief minister of gujarat from 2001 to 2014 and is the member of parliament for varanasi .
to understand bill also listen to p . sainath on youtube .. he says farm bill is the corporate hijack of india <url> listen to the colin gonsalves , senior advocate of the supreme court of india and the founder of human rights law network ... this bill is unfair to farmers and is a fight is for the heart and soul of india . <url>
farm bill allows capitalism and end government regulation
i feel that this reformed agriculture bill proposed by gov . needs some changes & amendments to ensure that our most diligent & hardworking farmer brothers get their truly deserving rewards : 1 ) need to define the regulated framework where government will oversee & monitor the contract farming deal presented by private entity . 2 ) government need to formulate the law & create the framework which ensures that farmer should be funded with the promised amount as per the contract . 3 ) if any private company tries to backout from the promised price then need to frame laws to suspend their functioning license . such that way strict laws will protect our hardworking farmer community . farmers were , are & will be the foundational & core asset of indian economy . so need to focus on empowering & prospering our farming community to see the strong economy & growth of india on the global platform . jai jawan jai kisan
but now some kishan are trying to politics with tukde tude gank . just like shows destroy hindusthan . pm modiji jindabad
well , seems the bjp is out finally ! mess with rural india votes and your out ot power
please watch this video on current farm protests and why it should bother or encourage farmers , <url>
mandis have created lazy middlemen and lazy bootleggers ... they will never allow easy money to get blocked .
wishing for pollution free , pesticide free ( cancer free ) indian agriculture by 2025 with : 1 . net-metering solar panelled boundary walls with night lighting , solar pumps & drip / spray nutritious irrigation . 2 . all electric tractor , rotavator , harvester , thresher like farm equipments . 3 . grains / paddy stubble compost maker and compost distribution grid . 4 . farmville like visible e-marketplace where everyone can see online what others are growing very transparently with real time navic / bhuvan gps satellites and soil health card reports . here every farmer can put a price tag well before the crop mature , so that buyers , cultivators can line-up . 5 . online gps network for all government and private warehouses with transparent capacities , costs and facilities like nitrogen chambers and dehumidifiers . here also every farmer can put a price tag including warehousing fees for off-seasonal revenues . 6 . crop insurance settlement ratio is at par with world standards . 7 . all corrupt subsidies are converted into direct bank transfers / production linked incentives and liquidity control via kisan credit cards and cash credit accounts . for intellectuals & policymakers refinement and promotion ..
yes you said it rightly , no msp guaranteed in this bill which brings fear to everyone
i know for which retailer this bill has been passed ? any guess . of course for ambani , who else
but govt assured that the apmc will always be there and msp will always be provided there , apmc will never be shutdown , its farmers choice to go outside and explore more options or to go to apmc , just like bsnl is there along with other private telecom operators to regulate the telecom tariff , my father is a farmer from karnataka , he is very hardworking person , we grow paddy , here from 40 years what i am observing is only the middlemen and millers are benefitting from our crops , after working so hard and investing so much on labour's and pesticides , facing natural calamities , labour problems , water problems , machinery problems , new type diseases in the crops and all , what we are earn is just to accommodate our basic needs of food , cloths , bike thats it , forget our hardwork , sometimes we won't get back our investment also , present crop cutting done in this dec month is a complete loss for all paddy growers here , yield reduced very drastically due to new virus in our crops just like covid on humans , we not made any property from past 40 years , we don't get any thought of making some property with that earnings , just life goes on with hardworking forever , so something to be done to benefit the farmers , all these days only businessmans , middlemens are having decent earnings and making properties everywhere , small farmers fate remains same even after another 50years until unless if something is done now , our country is developing means everyone of us should develop , everyone be a part of it , only few sector people are developing is not a whole development of the country , these farm bills are not a big news here in south india or at least in our locality , big protests and all happening there in north india , i doubt does farmers really able to understand these farm bills properly , mostly some opposition parties , middlemens and others who are benefitting now are having knowledge to understand these bills and its impacts and to safeguard their earnings in future they are provoking farmers with false predictions to protest against those bills , i trust our pm modi like our family head , he never do anything harmful to the farmers or any other sector hardworking people , he doesn't have intentions to earn something by supporting corporates bcz he not even have children's to earn for them , treats all of us as his children's , these farm bills are actually beneficial to the farmers and consumers except those middlemens , initially there may be some loopholes , bcz everything can't set right on one go , it will take some time to block all loopholes , later definitely will have good future in the farm sector also
<url> must watch for unbiased view .
<url> there are protest going on for the farm bills . many of us are unknown about the ground reality , well on a trend we are either opposing the protest or either supporting the protest , where the story is something else , we youth are the future to the nation , and it's our prior right that we should know the ground reality . please do watch it till the end .
sadhguru explained need of farm reforms , watch this video of sadhguru <user>
if farmers can sell directly and farmers are given freedom , then that means the people who are protesting are the middleman or the agents .. then all this protests is for this agents or middleman in the name of farmers , as it's easy to gain sympathy over farmers name
lets know what are farm bills <url>
there are some loopholes but this new bill is a progressive step for indian farmers but they need to be educated about this correctly as opponents are misleading them as they always do .
can they sell directely to retailers
o ji hello .. in sitapur my frnds tau ji stat . msp for wheat is 1975 but sold at 1500 rs .. below msp .. msp is only paper work but in actual it's loot by traders .. stop farm bills they are against farmers
if someone doesn't agree with this reform , then they can still use the existing practice . i . e . , selling it to the mandis .
what if farmer is unable to transport its good to factories directly .
down to this pathetic system against farmers ...
unnecessary suffering ? so this is one of modi donkey too
but it reduces tax on farmers
he is also godi religion preacher just like godi media
gov must not step back from their stance . all the three acts are perfectly constitutional . at max , slight changes can be made based on discussions .
u know exactly what's going on hail mudi and allies
translation : " separatism is alright "
more people need to see what this pakhandi baba stands for ... if he was so godly , he wouldn't misrepresent the plight of the farmers , and dog whistle that it is a problem with a specific ' ethnicity ' / ' group ' of people , farmers all over the country are negatively affected by government policy and the three bills , this guy is a sham , watched his other videos and he just smiles and responds incoherent babble , typical con man
sadhguru , till now , i followed you , but realized today that u r a dhongi and a bjp puppet .
shame on you . i used to respect you but i know now that you are also of them . an evil man talking about god is like a thief smiling at you while robbing
and share your views with them . let us hope u may be able to convince them and the matter gets resolved
mahatma ji ... kindly be the guest of the farmers at any of the protest sites
sadguru - go and visit punjab and and get first hand information from the farmers . don't be bias - it will kill your reputation of an honest and wise man .
these are the mobs who are engaged in the independence of khalistan and support the severe suppression by the modi government .
farmers carry seeds and fertilizer . farmers don't carry swords , iron rods , stones . only rioters and hooligans carry swords , iron rods , stones . 1 . the three farm bills are already in place and working fine as of now and they are part of congress , bjp , ncf parties 2019 election manifesto . ex farmer minister of ncp and present congress chief minister of punjab also supported the same reforms in the past . now all oppositon parties change their stand and making farmers scape goat . 2 . post dialogue with farmers and govt , on december 9th clarified with 10 point amendment that all the doubts farmers posed and will be tabled in next session of parliament . but protesting farmers unions change stand after dec 9th and want full repeal . 3 . in 2019 farmers can't sell their produced rice / wheat / vegetables etc out side of the district or county and cant sell to any one outside of the apmc market yards / mandis and farmer has to pay 8.5 percent fees ( 3 % to market yard improvement , 3 % to district development , 2.5 % to licensed commision agents ) . in some markets they collect both from seller and buyer each 8.5 % . these new 2020 farm laws allows farmers to sell to any where in india to any one . no restriction . it is upto local government to charge needed cess or fees . 4 . in 2019 only 10 % of total agriculture produce ( mainly wheat and rice ) was bought by government agency fci ( food corporation of india as a stockpile for emergeny security ) . 85 % was purchased by private buyers . in 2019 only 15 % of produce of total agriculture was purchased at minimum support price ( msp ) and rest was purchased at lower price . till 2010 the minimum support price was lower than the international price of the goods . after 2010 the minimum support price was increased higher than international price and no exporter is buying at msp except govt agency and all godowns of fci agency are full with 4.5 trillion tonnes of wheat and rice . 5 . who is at loss due to this farm bills of 2020 are a . punjab state governments who charge 3 % cess for district developement will loose around 15000 millions ( 1500 crores ) indian rupees per year income . b . the punjab licensed commision agents ( who are mainly punjabi sikh jat caste landlords ) who get 2.5 % charge per transaction thro markets will loose 1000 crores ( 10000 million ) rupees per year only in punjab state . c . other than punjab and haryana no other state charge district fees and market cess and they charge only commision agent fees . some states there are no markets / mandis like in kerala ( since 1980 ) and bihar ( since 2008 ) . 6 . the funding for protest is happening by charging 500 rupees per farmer . 80 % farmers own only less than 2 hectres / 5 acre land . 7 . the foreign punjab seperatist / secissionist group sikh for justice announced 1 millon dollars as donation and indian banks stoped the distribution asking account holder to show fcra ( foreign control regulatory ) registrants for permission 8 . all want farm reforms . punjab and haryana farmers unions want to repeal and rest of indian country farmers are happy that they can sell anywhere . i think if central / union govt gives that 1500 crores to punjab govt per year and 1000 crore to punjab commision agents it will stop . 9 . in 2021 january govt gave a option to protesting farmers union that it will hold the laws till 2 years until joint committe of farmers and govt will finalize the law clauses that will benefit farmers or not . but unions are adament .
large misunderstanding ? hahaha .. i guess jaggi understands corporations better with attachments ! this is the man who said , " market economy is the only way " . so , it's no secret he is a slave of corporations , not to mention he is a close ally of modi who we know is a biggest slave of corporations ! even after the tuticorn massacre of innocent civilians by corporate goons , jaggi still supported the corporations and went against the interests of people there .
download our app - <url> follow dr gaurav garg on facebook - <url> follow dr gaurav garg on instagram - <url> join prashant dhawan sir's telegram channel : <url> follow dr mahipal rathore on instagram - <url> follow dr mahipal rathore on facebook - <url> follow prashant mavani on facebook : <url>
thanks a lot sir
sir i am preparing for bank exams though all the lectures that you have taken is not related to my exam point of view but still i listen your lectures to enhance my knowledge .. you cover every topics such a beautiful way that is very helpful ... thank you sir
thank you sir for information
sir your video really helped me alot thanks you for this fruitful session
very important topic thanks sir for explaining everyone should understand this
some people say bjp govt is taking big steps to improve the situation .. and it's impact can be felt in long run like demonitastion like negative gdp like rise in unemployment like huge protests like lesser vacancies on a regular basis ab kre to kre kya bole to bole kya . jai hind ! ! !
these are the best bills of agriculture ministry as a farmer is free at his or her bill to produce & sale his produce to whom soever wants and msp is assured by the govt.of india to each & every farmer ! this govt.has only brought in many more benifitting the farmers e . g . in case of loss of crops due to heavy rains or natural calamity his crops are insured , each and every farmer is brought in under the personal insurance policy , & med . policy & cooking gas given , bank accounts under jana dhan youjna opened , light given , water given & subsidised seeds & minures as well as keetnashaks given and double income is assured by the govt.now this is not liked by the middlemen as well as by the opposition political parties of the country as they all are anti nationals thinking and wants profits for own pockets . this middle men are thrown away by govt.policy & ordinance.msp is guarenteed by the govt . jai hind !
thanks sir
thanks sir
thanks a million sir
very well explained sir
crystal clear kr diya ye topic apne ... as always . thnks study iq
stupid ordinance how many farmers go for contract farming ...
on 25th september , bharat baand in support of our farmers
thanks u so much sir .
thanks sir
thanks sir
thanks sir
great explaination
thanks sir
thank you so much sir
sir i am from west bengal , , every year farmers have suffered in potato selling to the market , winter is the appropriate season for potato cultivation . every year farmers protested to buy their products and suffering a heavy loss to sell in not appropriate price . but in that time of year in august-september - october months , the price of potato is going to much more high 5 times , 6 times more the farmer selling price . we are trouble in every year in those times . and potato is very highly demanded vegetables in west bengal in durga puja festival and all time in the year . sir plzzz if you read this comment , , plzz make a vedio about it ... thank you sir . jai hind .
sir you need to elaborate more .. most of states doesn't follow mandi concept
respected sir , in-depth analysis
sir .. ground reality of present protest is .. the msp is not included in new policy ... farmers want it should be added in writing not verbal .. on tv channels ... govt has refused to purchase makee at msp rate of 1600 per quintal .. fixed by govt .. says ... farmers r free to cell elsewhere ... tpt cost will boost ... further pvt . agencies are not ready pay more than 600 per quintal for makee against msp of 1600 / - farmers say .. either govt purchase makee at msp or order pvt . agencies to purchase at msp . during lockdown punjab n haryana has supplied foodgrains to whole country ... appx . 75 % foodgrains these two states cater .. overthat hike in diesel and electricity has made the poor farmers more vulnerable . poor farmers are not tech savvy to sell their produce ... if govt helps them then it may become easy ... thanks
best explanation . thank you sir
thank you for all these explanations sir . really appreciate all the efforts of this channel . :) )
thanks sir ... for clearing all doubt ..
thank you sir for clear my dout
one and only reliable news source ... thanks sir
thanks for the vedio sir jii .. really appreciate your work .. most a awaited vedio
need to one more ordinance that no sells of agriculture products below msp .
thanks siddhant sir , i pass out the supervisor exam in gujrat , i learn the lot of from you and also of study iq team , so thank all of you
very well explained sir .. thanks
thank you so much sir
my father is also a farmer he have not any problem to this bill he said it is good move by government and also we are under kisaan krishi yojna.govt give us 8000 for buy seeds . that's why we don't oppose our govt this 8000 comes every year with respect to crop season 4000 in first sixth month and 4000 next sixth month so definitely it is good move .
i gone through this topic 3 times that too explained by teachers of study iq no doubt they r good educators too but finally 4th time me ye lecture siddhant sir ke video se smjh aaya pura .. pata nhi ye topic smjh hi nhi paari thi .. but thanks to u sir past se related krte hue aapne present matter tak btaaya ab i'm clear with this topic
i was waiting for your video on this sir .. thank you
thank you sir for such an easy explanation
very well explained sir
thank you sir
thank you sir ... explained very well
thanks sir
thank you sir for the easiest explanation .
thank u sir , u explained it very well ! !
bhut bhut achi explanation . sab kuch smjh aa gya . thanks a lot sir .
bhut bhut achi explanation . sab kuch smjh aa gya . thanks a lot sir .
thanks sir bahut jadda confusion tha iss topic mai
why farmers r protesting ? ? this bill will benefit them ..
there will not be any msp govt will loose the control . the farmers will be labour in their own field
new policy ke advantages jyada hai ... i support new policy
very well explained sir
farmers are not stopped to sell apmc then why so much opposition
i think it is good move
sir forgot to talk about the machine " aaloo to sona converting machine " " .
very nicely explained sir
goverment is not removing apmc , the farmers can still go to the mandis
good explanation
middle man buys from farmers and who buys from middle man ... big corporates and middle man makes big profit from corporates ... these ordinance in favour of farmers not middle man ...
so basically stockhoarders are crying ...
protests are politically motivated just see election manifesto of upa you will see that they promise to do the same thing but they did not like it as it is done by nda it is same as nda oppose aadhar when they are in opposition
sir gujarat ke farmer and pepsico wla case ko bhe smjhae
india will be next venenzuala if this govt remain for further dont wait for 2024 election break this nda govt now otherwise indian ready for the consequency
govt has failed to convey the message clearly . its only the farmers who always face the heat . better convey messages first then launch such bill otherwise farmers are not trusting govt anymore .
right bill
so what conclusion we make after this video this is right / wrong
this new policy will benifit both consumer n producer .. only cunning heartless middle will lost their lucrative business .. farmers are protesting because they are mislead by some selfish monger
it would be explained in better way .. little confused
agriculture mai abhi bahut sare reforms chahiye abhi
ordinance have been updated to bill kindly change it .
i was waiting this video from tommorow
thank you so much sir ... for such a informative lecture ... thanks a lot
we waned to know the scenerio.thank you sir
involvement of bureaucracy in dispute solving is concerning me as a farmer .
what are your suggestions on farm bills and agri reforms ? comment below !
instead of protesting against government if farmers unite and bargain with traders that would be much better for them
why don't you guys directly support the rulling party , its fully biased video ! why don't you are making the video on gdp , unemployment , secularism , hate speech ! many other things to highlight ! how farmers could believe the ruling party what is the guaranty that capitalists will support them , pm itself make statements before elections now he also forget that ! have some shame ! support ruling party directly
i understood these bills are good ... but all depends on measures taken and implementation ...
farmers bill's are very dangerous to farmers and for the public of india tooo , plz dnt act like bjp dhallal try to study the bills properly and try to post u can speak anything , the 1 who does farm work will know the actual value and actual pain
go to ground and check all facts about farmers then give your so called opinion .
suppose a company contracted with you for 100 kg of tomato of 3 inch radius if u r not able to provide them with there specification they will recover their input by aquiring your land
the contract is decided on the size or quality of the product if they ( whoever is contracting ) dont find the product according to their need they wont give the agreed price there is no cover for flood or drought
truth is , there are a ton of loopholes in these laws and when corporations are involved they exploit each and every loophole to the fullest ( just look the the nps , process of approving loans are exploited by corporations ) . another reason to consider is that we cannot let the food market to be a monopoly / designed monopoly or duopoly ( in us telecom companies carve out area so that they can maintain monopoly , indian food corporations might do the same ) . ultimately the entire nation has a lot to lose if these laws fail to protect the farmers as well as consumers .
awesome ... unbiased media are best like you
please make a video on arthiyas
congress party is not at all bothered about either our country or welfare of it's people . their only motive is politics . whatever bjp does to uplift the country , congress only wants to oppose it because they want to spoil the image of bjp for next election . those who support congress are also equally responsible .
truely biased . not even critical of govt . on any point .
if u r not aware , then don't make a video on it . because u have zero practical knowledge , beacause punjab and haryana is the highest producers of wheat and rice and they have a msp to to sell at . no one bargains in the mandis , because the msp is there in punjab and haryana . , one more thing this kind of law are already failed in some developed countries like france . so first equipped yourself with the practical knowledge then make a video on any topic .
great
chacha bas ek phone dur hai
if corporate says i dont want to take tomato <user> then what farmer will do . where as mandis will get abolished in few years . ubr talking about onion what if only corporate hold the entire stock they will be able to manipulate price and supply since they are the one who got stock . msp is required as once again there will be monopoly .
1.can you really justify about mandis by just showing one short 5 sec clip ? ? would that represent whole of indian mandis ? ? really bro you're this low ? ? lost respect for you if bill is for good of farmers then why so many protests ? 2 . apmc sells much cheaper as compared to local market . also we find direct farmers selling their crops . 3 . contract farming bill fail . 4 . hoarding vegetable bill fail . 5 . you start video by saying no political perspective but you target congress . 6 . a small farmer when can't go to local mandi how is he supposed to sell in other states ? ? how it is beneficial for farmers ? 7 . how is the bill useful for farmers with such big loopholes ? 8 . why bill is passed so fast without opposition in parliament ? ? 9 . you talk about truth but you yourself don't abide by it 10 . you talk about positive news but fact is ( quoted by niyu ) you just want to show things which are aligned with your ideologies and government 11 . you put disclaimer about already making a decision but it seems it was cuz you knew there would be repercussions 12 . if no politics then why bringing congress in between bro ? 13 . also no talk about the way in which the bill was pushed ? you talk about discussing but when asked government about discussing with farmers or oppositions they directly said they don't think that's needed because they have thought well about it . if they have then why so many loopholes bro ? 14 . you say loopholes are there but you need to figure that out then why not bring reforms in current one ? why make farmers vulnerable 15 . you say ' logically think ' but at end of video you support the bill inspite of yourself showing so many loopholes 16 . height of hypocrisy bro seriously hats off to you by running this propaganda channel
there is a wide gap between ground reality and youtube lectures . farmers are strong on ground and govt is debating on studies .
just get off you
there should be max selling price and minimum selling price in other criteria like ajio market ( food department ) d mart and other things
6:10 then why india isnt exporting it ? ? ?
this bill needs amendment , but farmers leader are demanding completely taking down the bill
just manipulated .
this is nt cleared about 3 laws ...
technology harming farmers ka point of view bhi laayiye hume 2050 ko unliveable nhi banana
<user> one factual error - " farmers are not allowed to sell their produce outside their state " where the fact remains , that , " traders " or the " middlemen " cannot sell it outside their own state . but your video was easy to understand and not biased
these bills came in american and had been totally failed also in bihar
i will suggest viewers to watch khan sir video on this , it is totally unbiased
farmers are not educated enough to deal with high class cooperates topi kisi or ko pehnao ye cooperates waale ache khase well educated ko chutiya bna dete to inke aage farmers ky ? ? and highest appellate authority is dm ... koi vedio bnate hon pro k saath saath cons b discuss kiya kro
farm are not paid well across the world but they full our stomach therefore india should start shifting it to technology jai hind jai bharat
a website to aware farmers , connect with other famers , and a feature to find right price for thier crop . i am going to make this site . please provide suggestions so that the idea can be implemented properly .
is this video made demoentize by youtube ?
welcome to <user> made with the most strechable material for most comfortable and convenient for exercise for the athletes and gym personal . like | | comment | | share please do subscribe our channel . also available on flipkart shop for most affordable premium quality sportswears of india follow us on fitarrowofficial - <user> <user> <user> <user> shop online - <url>
clear cut explanation
i think kuch points jo dusre log nahi samajhna chahte vo bhi ache tarikese samjhaye hai ... fully support you ...
i think the problem could've been easily solved if the farmers were willing to talk on a point-to-point basis , and didn't directly demand the total deletion of these bills .
the running system was doing good for the farmers . there was no need of these farm bills which the govt is imposing forcefully
to understand the role of aarthiya in apmc system and rural india - existing system needs to be understood and studied . if contract farming is beneficial or a farmer gets better rates outside apmc without mandi tax and all - then why is bihar agriculture system staggering ? why no points on that ?
but the cowardly unbelievabling abominable murderers sorcerers liars idolatrous will all have their part in the lake of fire jesus christ is coming repent
mam tomato ke price 40 tak jati ha or hum 20 ma bacha negative effects be show karo yaar
if msp is not guaranteed for all crops and farmers are fine by it then govt should have it outside of mandis
so farmer unions is the answer
good video but does not explain everything . abhi create one more follow up video with 3 parts with each part focusing on 3 issues on the bill . to understand the farm bill you need to understated the history of indian agriculture for last 30 to 40 years . most people putting comments were not even born then . p . saianth was invited by supreme court to be part of expert panel to resolve this issue . he declined the supreme court saying he would not want to be a " party to death " by any panel formed to resolve the crisis . he did that as he knows that the panel being formed wont do anything for farmers . it will be just like any other panels that have been formed before . if supreme court invited him , he is qualified to speak on the issue . i suggest that you listen to him as he knows the history of indian agriculture better than most of people . farm bills will create utter chaos , farmers already subject to murderous price fluctuations ' <url> p sainath | farmers protests | " death by committee " | supreme court expert panel <url> farm laws lecture by colin gonsalves <url>
you are the best ...
it seems modi is way better than congress . i am voting for modi again . i want to see real development .
shout out
the major loop hole is > 80 % farmers are small and marginal . they can't sell their suff in bits and pieces . private players are worst then middlemen we have seen in the video . govt . should regulate the mrp . my suggestive solution is : 1 . msp for all the farming goods ( msp should be more like x % of mrp ) . 2 . middle men share is say some % 3 . state and center government share shall be collected in gst . seems tough task but not impossible .
you have missed out few points - 1 . as farmers education background might not be enough to read contracts , government can add single contract for all through technology blockchain & it can be traded like stock & shares . 2 . government can form storage facility for farmer near their area , a token & price for facility can be provided to farmer this will avoid them to travel for a long distance . government can be intermediary body to store their crop . 3 . setting a price margin for min & max price a commodity can be sold . 4 . government has to procure these commodity to sell to common people & we can include a private companies / state body to procure these products from farmers sell in mandies because , in india even common people & poor lives apart from big mc d or amul company .
i like your channel because you show truth not any unusual story
this model is already failed in uttarpradesh , bihar , usa , and many other developed countries . you see the present miserable condition of up , bihar farmers , then how the government say these bills beneficial for farmers
in 2006 bihar government had shutdown the mandi system ... now farmers of bihar is selling wheat for 950/100 kg whereas msp in punjab and haryana is 1850/100 kg .. hence farmers of bihar is working as labourers in farm land of punjab and haryana ...
right now price of oil is 150 from 89 in october ... effect of essential commodities act amendment
they explained bills nicely while some other youtubers like rathee who are biased by kejriwal are misleading others . i am from punjab and i completely agree that this bills are in favour of farmers . in kerala and bengal there are no apmc mandis still they are protesting .
not true . most of the video is more for corporations point of view . 1000000 ok thousands farmers are not stupid who are protesting
not true because they can say your tomatoes are too ripe or etc . they can cancel their contract and farmers cant even go to court .
very interestingand easy to understand the reality of our country
hi abhi , niyu , you are really doing great work ! i believe this video can be an eye opener for farmers , but they might not understand all the terms .. please create this video in simple language understandable by the farmers ...
thank you for this wonderful video
yaar aap log ko blog likhne chaiye . we all know how kuch you have to share as these videos are all so concise .
aap ye btaiye ... contract toh theek h .. india m .. farmers ka literacy rate kitna h bhai ? ye btaiye .. agrr unke saath contract m fraud hota h toh .. unke pass .. legal advice lene k liye paise bhi h ... aurr h bhi toh kitno k pass h ?
another bjp soldouts , godi media kam thi ab ye log bhi aagaye lol !
don't make fool it's anti-farmer laws .
are you a fan of goku dragon ball ? ?
how can i get in touch with people / institute who can help me do organic farming in uttarakhand dehradun . pls if you can help .
i still don't understand these laws
oh hello shut up kisaans are not greeb
farm bills are not totally correct there are loopholes in it , government can discuss on these loopholes and correct and government done 10 + discussion with farmers but they are not agree and that's why some politics is going on and that's the reason they are still on road ... loopholes can solve but not whole matter can solve in democracy
i think you should be the agriculture minister of india because you have all capabalities of it ...
you both are wrong on quite a lot of points : 1 . farmers had the freedom to sell their produce anywhere in the country since 1976 . this law did not give us that . in 1976 , farmers did an agitation and high court removed the zonal restrictions in november 1976 giving farmers the freedom to sell their produce anywhere in the country whereas traders or to use your words " middleman " didnt have that . this law gave that to these " middleman " and i quote " inter-state trade means the act of buying or selling of farmers produce , wherein a trader of one state buys the farmersproduce from the farmer or a trader of another state and such farmers produce is transported to a state other than the state in which the trader purchased such farmers produce or where such farmers produce originated ; " . hence no new freedom to farmers but a lot of freedom to traders . 2 . in punjab and haryana arhthiyas donot get very huge commissions . they get 4 % comission here that is for every 1kg rice sold at msp of 18.50 rupees , they get comission of 85paise in which they have to unload the produce , clean it , weigh it , sell it and get the money back to the farmers . arthiyas earn money here by lending money on a certain interest to the farmers . thats their main source of income and not the comission from farmers . rest of the states did not develop and regulate the mandi system like we did and hence farmers get exploited there . 3 . farmers nowhere in this country have to pay tax in the mandis . its the traders who pay the tax for buying there . and that mandi tax has been used by punjab and haryana to develop the rural infrastructure . difference between a village in punjab , haryana and states like bihar where mandis have been abolished is quite evident . that mandi tax is quite important for the rural development . get your facts right before claiming to present people with the correct information .
study iq pr mahipal sir nai sabse acha farmer bill smjhaya hai
apmc is a monopoly
contract farming is the worst if farmers won't get proper legal support . pepsi has done so much exploitation of farmers . there is no surety and security for farmers .
modern upgraded version of fanatism
editing thik hain , par phir v thoda complex hain video
i am 13 yr old i wanted to know about this chaos ... but i could not understand even after watching chaotic debates .. thanks to this channel . now i can say i know about farm laws
came across you guys recently ! ! ! you are doing a really great job . developing well researched and objective content in the times of polarisation really contributes greatly . keep up the good work . more power to both of you .
what are the historic disasters please looks like you also lost your cash and have to pay gst now .
but nowhere in the world any government gives or even assures minimum prices for any thing you make ( non agriculture ) so why should farmers get that benefit . why are farmers growing wheat which is of lower variety just because they are assured of a price even for bad quality . because the first buyer need to give pan number to the farmer / government and then the black economy presently booming due to.misuse of agriculture income .
this gut really looks like how a leftist would .
apmc act ... it exploited farmers ... it push farmers to pickup the rassi and hang himself ( suicide ) ... he is intellect lier ... and stupid also
mockery can bring you likes . it doesn't make your presentation logical .
please speak on shanta kumar report which says procurement of grains should be stopped from punjab , haryana , western up etc and should be done only in eastern states , secondly as per doha round of wto us , canada , eu etc are pushing india to restrict procurement and stocking to service pds i . e . 40 % of population whereas food security act envisages stocks for 70 % of population , thirdly what happened in bihar after private procurement was introduced and public apmc were abolished and what happened to apple growers in himachal after corporate buyers monopolised procurement , lastly pepsi has large contract farming for potato in punjab and issues and difficulties and corruption in procurement where in 10 years price has increased from 5 to 8 per kg but input costs have increased manifold during this time . just giving political twist does not help farmers cause , the public at large cannot be swayed only on political and emotional appeal , the facts and issues and reasoning behind agitation has to be brought forward , if people know details on what is at stakes and what farmer stand to lose by these 3 laws ...
i wish you were as cool and smart as you try to look . lol .
newslaundry wale bataenge bc
crappy comedy , boring
take the example of govt school and private school , govt hospitals and private hospitals . all govt institutions are in defunct state
hahaha why bother ? your target audience is educated . they will read farm bill and other bills . why do u need to explain ? do u think your woke audiance are duffers ?
dude . start standup comedy . why waste time of those who really want to know about the bill .
while i have great respect for the farmers , i have a few questions for them . currently , farmers are a completely pampered lot , who pretty much get everything free of cost . electricity - free . water - free . loans - at no interest and waivers in case of poor output . income tax - waived . on top of all this , they want minimum price guarantee . so , my questions are as follows : a . if agriculture as a profession is so unviable , why are they even doing that ? why not do something else ? b . while you farmers may be honest , hardworking etc . etc . , so are many other types of workers ( e . g . traders , small business owners , labourers etc . ) . why should only you be getting differentiated treatment at the cost of everybody else ? c . what is wrong with a market determined price for your output ? isn't that the way things work for all other types of products / services ?
see if i am a farmer shouldn't i have independence where to sell the produce ? ? the farming laws are giving farmer's more freedom . its the middle men and who are protesting . why would farmers protest against their own freedom ? ?
more than half of the states in country dont have apmcs / or have already passed bill to sell outside of apmcs anyways . if apmcs and msps are here to stay and the new bill is providing additional option , im failing to still understand what the problem is . ? what am i missing . farmers can continue to seek in apmcs - whats the challenge . i know , its a a question from partial information most of the citizens have . just trying to get the macro picture
i am a staunch bjp supporter , but it's good to know how the other side views this to make an informed decision . so , yea , we may not agree , but thanks for making this video
watch dhristi ias video 3 hours long video on farm bill not a propaganda piece
tata is investing in bigbasket . so they can make farmers rich , selling their produce ( products ) abroad .
if they had to set up a select committee to review the bills , the time limit of 6 months for an ordinance to be passed in the parliament would have expired , thereby lapsing the bill .
why sometimes onion became more than 100 per kilo and other vegetables at more than 50 per kilo . simply the logic of apmc does not stand . msp is here to stay and violent agitation on some hypothetical assumption is not acceptable . thitrd why other states are not forthcoming with agitation . fourth punjab and haryana are in the grip of organized syndicates of big farmers and since they are adversely affected they resort to such violent agitation .
should have been better had he not done the over action ... too much of over action .. unable to see him through the video ... crap
i was searching for knowledgeable video . sorry ! i think , i have arrived at wrong destination .. you please keep going .
his acting is so irritating
less government involvement is always better .
i know farmers are concerned but instead of demanding to repeal the whole act but specific amendments should be carried out which is denied by farm leaders.therefore farm leaders need to be more sensitive to this issue .
eat the rich
<url> sadhguru on how commercialization of agriculture has caused problems in the past | mystics of india <url> has our greed overtaken us ? sadhguru on indian farmers ' plight still in india farmer 80 % donot have a mobile with free wifi , no transport , no technology like israeli , no advanced education especially on farming methods , now no msp ? ? .. who is fooling who ? ? .. thats why atleast now vote carefully change the centre govt to different party example aam admi party who donot have identity conflict whereas bjp with its discrimination policies now resulted dragging our own indians on roads by forcing laws rather making it recommandation , who made unemployed many people like in kolkata by shutting down small bussiness like jute mills , and now almost every products are getting imported from china now even drowns ? even i can make a drown if manufacturing unit is provided with materials to make motors , cameras . remember fools are always confident while wiser is hesitant and when fools become blind then it becomes disaster . we people the business person who is after some money , land and people who are still narrow minded biasing almost on everything a man created to show his superiority by caste , race , class , color , language , etc have no idea that he / she will also die one day and we cannot take away this wealth with us not even our bodies it will taken away by earth itself since we are like dust on this land and nothing in this universe . if this much of sense donot become as common sense to people till that human will keep on fooling themselves and not dreaming big enough to consider every being as his / her own part of creation . till that ... so vote carefully people atleast now _ / | \ _
at least , to strike a compromise , govt . need to have a seperate agency to act as a business resource center for the farmers in each state that they can go to ; to give them business guidance , teach them business & negotiating skills etc . without that , it's like throwing them out of the ship and they're saying , they don't even know how to swim . govt . they are the backbone of indian society , govt . needs to have understanding , empathy & compromise
86 % of farmers were screwed before , i don't see the point of restoring the status quo . that's just ensuring that tens of thousands of farmers will die a slow death .
i got the idea of this . this is the same policy that british did with us .
thank you for this valuable information . this is happening all around the world . it is about disapropriation of farmers and humanity at large . and privatisation through coporate business which have no understanding of life or respect of nature or humanity . in germany government is making so many stipulations that farmers are close to insolvency as they cannot do all the investments the government is asking for . once farming is stopped in germany - of course food needs to be imported . this way they can make the world dependent by " owning the food chain " they can " control " humanity . vandana shiva has brought this scheme to light and she is a woman of wisdom and foresight as well as fortitude . thank you and god bless you . may the true people of earth rise in love and truth and may we live in harmony with the sacred planet .
historic bola h disaster toh hoga hi
you make learning fun .
this needs more views . couldn't ask for any better explanation weighing both pros and cons
so you say that farm bills are good for nation yet you promote farmer protest . hmm ... i wonder why ? is it because mode doesn't like farmers or will they deliberately choose not to implement it ? if the fear is that the govt can meddle with regulations then can't they do it even today ? ?
had come here for news , not mixed with opinion and having to segregate ! inefficient
pseudo intellectual ... they are actually right ... you have no idea how to interpret the legal provision ... u are not a lawyer afterall ...
thank you useful information on both side of the coin . though agree with conclusion
how there will be implanting . laws r good as per theory . but implementation failed many aspects / issues . so my suggestion up to 5 years put tribunals with spl powers within 2 - 3 ? months . once confidence taken place there will be no problems . anything win - win situation . in most of the cases private companies are being advantages . in these cases farmers suffer . it is delicate issue to be planned with the some time to time examine to enable to get succeded .
abe chutiya theory me good and implement me might be bad ka matlab kya hai ? might be ? toh try toh karne de na . gey chutiya meghnad
here's another view for pro-bharat audience : <url>
comedy show
liberals would never support communism , or any other authoritarian regime . so not sure what you have put those two together . as a liberal i have to agree that the goal the government is pursuing is good the reforms will harm allot of people who rely on farming . the underlying idea is that small scale farming is unsustainable , as they will not be able to compete with big farms " corporations " . the government want's to quickly reform the farming sector with disregard to what will happen to farmers . in my opinion the government should create a government farming fund that would issue out loans and grants to farmers for land acquisition and modernization and give out additional subsidies to those farmers that would want to sell their land and offer them financial incentive to change profession . the government should also prevent land monopolization by judge corporations that want to enter or increase their hold on the farming market . if the reforms are done right , farms will become larger and more modernized and thus will be able to produce more produce that could be sold at cheaper prices . the farmer will earn more , the food will be cheaper . the government should not leave behind those that decide ( or in a worst case scenario will be forced by the market ) to sell their land . these people can start businesses that provide services for farmers . poland went threw similar reforms and has done fairly well with it's farming market . the government in poland has oversight over the farming industry as provides financial incentive ( lower taxes , grants and low interest loans ) to farmers . both extreme solutions will be damaging to people . the current system is unsustainable as small farmers produce very little and thus cannot compete on an open market without government subsidies . even with the subsidies the farmers earn very little which doesn't allow them to invest in modernization . the liberalization of the farming industry will force many farmers out of business as big players will outperform and outcompete small farmers that will be forced to sell their land and figure out by themselves what they should do now.the latter solution wan't to quickly change the faming market no matter the human cost - margaret tatcher style . this will have quick beneficial results for the country but many farmers will be left to fend for themselves . furthermore there is a risk that uncontrolled land acquisition fulled by corruption will create a handful of huge corporations that control and dominate the market , destroying even large independent farmers . reforms are necessary but they have to take into account hunan lives that they will directly affect , and not only the big picture and macro data . good luck !
just mention the name of reliance and youth will lap onto believing in bs . two points i would like to make . 1 . now small farmers have option to sell right at their own doorsteps and not worry about logistics , middlemen and commission / taxes / bribes . all these leads to produce wastage and loss of important time / cashflow etc . alternatively they're free to sell through mandis . 2 . if punjab state government does not like the bill , they may chose not to implement in their state .
shit .. didnt know this was a bakwas kinda video
bro you are the best
this bill will empowerment for farmers of india .
i am not a bjp person or ever call anybody leberandu ... but gave many wrong facts ... like u cant go to court ... yes there will be sdm and dm like problem solvers but they ll same as we have in banks we call ombudsman ... but if u r not satisfied u can still go high court or supreme court ... then u did not mention that msp is still not a law ... next comes the fact that big markets like relience ll buy everything ... if they can give a farmer better price than middlemen or msp then its farmer's wish they ll sell or not .. its like u have job and somebody offer better job ll u take or not ... and there is always apmc if nobody buys your goods u can sell them in apmc .. its ur choice ... then comes hoarding of goods by big markets ... i know it's problem but is hoarding today not a thing ... but govt ll at least have authorities to look into ... like currently we have but still hoarding happening ... if we r arguing for this then atleast make a suggestion like better independent authority or something why protest ... and next comes kangna issue ... why listen to her do ur own fact check ... we should not listen any celebrity only listen to the facts ... then comes bihar issue people saying apmc abolition failed bihar agriculture ... search yourself and see if it realy failed ... all india agri growth is 3.6 % while bihar agri growth 4.7 % in 2005-06 to 14-15 which is just after reform and in 14-15 to current all india agri growth is 2 % but in bihar its 7 % so i dont understand how it failed according to u people ... make video with facts dont try to mislead people current indians are well educated ...
jhut .. farmer sell produce to mandi not to consumer directly . another lie about bihar as it flourished after apmc abolished . ur perspective is biased . this guy bullshit abt bills making absurd jokes . well wht can be expected from nl libtards .
such a non realistic video get your facts real bro .
thanks for explaining this in english .
so sab tumhare shraddha pe hai . if you believe modi and corporates are the villains you will oppose the bills ! if you believe modi is demi god and middlemen are he real villains you will support the bills !
it is very good so why the farmers are protesting ... ? ..
i watched patiently 5:00 min for him to explain the reasons and still he has not explained it . lets get this straight punjabi / haryanvi farmers are the biggest beneficiaries of msp . its a previlige and maybe due to policital reasons . how come we dont see other farmers from different up in arms ? secondly , the ecommonic commodities act is anachronistic law from 1960s and 1970s . it does not allow anyone to stock on certain essential items . removing this law will allow entites like wholesale dealers to stock up and help in price fluctuations like in onions and potatoes . there is nothing wrong with this from an economic efficiency point of view . as rumi said ... this too shall pass .
this law will bring educated and skilled professionals into farming . and this will lead to innovation and productivity . if i can sell my produce directly to someone that's called freedom .
if this was a peaceful protest , the country wouldn't have been vandalized , police officers wouldn't have been murdered by the farmers tractors on the nation's capital , lady police officers wouldn't have been beaten and raped by these peaceful farmers ! if this protest was to defend farmers , then why is that only the wealthiest farmers are fighting against this ? its like amazon saying socialism or communism is bad for the country . the highest farmer suicide rate is in maharashtra and bihar , not punjab . whole india supports this bill except for punjab . we all know what greta thunberg tweeted along with the toolkit explaining exactly what rihanna has to tweet and at what time . this is all an atmept to break and systematically dismantle the worlds largest democracy to create khalistan . do not let foreigners divide india again . lots of farmers throws or sell at very low prices as they don't get buyers as there is limit on hoarding privatisation will help equitable distribution of produce around the country and export . farmers will produce what is in demand not like traditional rice or wheat only
dear sir : agreed that punjab and haryana farmers are doing well and they want the current status quo to continue . but there are other farmers in the rest of india who want to scale up and do something . for example , kerala farmers are all ready to scale up on jack fruit powder and are making arrangements for cold storage system which will be made available through fpo ( farmer producer organizations ) . like this there are many many examples . if punjab and haryana are happy with status quo then so be it .
we are all terrorist it's better to be called a terrorist than a backbone less human being
" farmers across the country are protesting the farm bills " is this thing true ? afaik only the farmers from punjab , haryana and up are protesting . what about other parts of the country ? can you guys do ground reporting on the other parts of the country to know their opinions ?
looks like this guy is going to cry for lollipop any moment . just cut the crap and talk on topic
another reason to love the great nation of india . thanks for a very balanced analysis , i understand the situation much better now .
you need to study more .
middle man is big profit cutter of famers .
this bills are beneficial for all india . because msp or apmc is beneficial for only punjab and haryana .
stfu and get to the point
expected a lot better from news laundry . no wonder it has less than 250k views .
those who really wants to know what farm bill is all about , go & watch drishti ias video over farm bill , because it is not that easy that u covered everything in just 15 min . and this dude digest first 4 min in doing bakchodi only ! ! it means he explain whole farm bill in less than 10 min .. wow dude
me : in the starting - ok he looks knowledgeable in the ending - bruh where did the relaince dance come from
its no coincidence that the worlds oldest democracy ( usa ) was attacked not even a month ago , and as we speak , the most populous democracy is under assault.this is related . we all should be outraged by indias internet shutdowns and paramilitary violence against farmer protesters . militant nationalism is just a potent force in north korea , china , as it is in india or anyplace else . it can only be stopped if people wake up to the reality that fascist dictators arent going anywhere . not unless : 1 ) we organize and 2 ) there are consequences . " unity " begins with truth . " healing " is not possible without accountability . stay loud . accept nothing less . i also urge people not to hold all of india and all hindus at fault for what is happening in delhi , we can only be held accountable for our words and actions and never our beliefs . i love my hindu brothers and sisters and there are many fighting with us against this oppressive regime , we are all brothers and sisters in humanity . i still love india and will fight for what it used to stand for . the sikhs have saved india from countless external invaders and now must fight against the internal fascists . jai hind . wjkk wjkf .
hi , when right now we have msp , how did the farmers of bihar and maharastra receive prives lower than msp ?
as much as i love nl , theprint and shekhar gupta ji has covered this topic in ctc in a more in-depth way . please do watch his videos to get a better understanding .
thank you for this breakdown ! here in my country the usda is going to start taxing livestock farms for their methane . ( literally a tax on animal flatulence ) i feel like the governments around the globe are messing with the food supply
why so many farmers kill them self because of the old laws
why the farmers don't have a cooperation ?
friend please don't believe this video completely . please watch any upse exam explanation . the government had made a lot of changes
hey thanks
very well explained
can i get transcript of this , so that i can share it with bhakts
i have spoken with many real farmers regarding farm laws . mostly they compare it with ola and uber model of business . their biggest fear is : the corporates will give very good rates initially , then all the farmers will sell only to corporates . then as a result of no business in apmc yards , apmc will collapse , as such even msp will collapse . once the competition with government is eliminated . only then the corporates shall indulge in exploitation of farmers and the consumers . by rigging the rates of commodities according to their wish , because of their storage capacity , and in-between collaboration amongst many corporates . its a logical scenario according to me . solution could be : the government can give assurance that it will never stop msp and keep on running apmc by subsidy for next 25 years .
i think u people are missing china biscuit
good with the explanation but sombody please tell him that he is not funny at all .
imf chief gita gopinath : this farm bill is beneficial . so called intellectual : gita gopinath is a bhakt .
cross between a stand-up and presstitue character ...
well explained
just tell one thing man 1st take shower its smell video also 2nd new farmer bill vs old farmer bill like whatever you tell video translate in hindi
good neutral explanation ... but the humor part does not humor me at all
this guy is a mixture of a kid , an oldie , gay , a girl , a boy , and lots of foolishness ...
11:34 reminded me of the aib parody lol
dalals are protesting and not the farmers
it is a political conception ... thats why only opposition state are opposing this ... common farmer is not affected
tnx for explaining sir
wo co-oprative society hai .. jo kissanoko loan dete hai jayda intrest wala wo co - oprative dalal band hone chaihiye
thank you so much for well explanation .
explained very well ... in short ...
how farmhouse doralu n corrupted politicians on the name of farming income making white their corrupted income in crores by evading tax . that's what now crying not for farmer's welfare what is the crux of new farm reform and why the opposition politicians are worried . * starting with left long time allie of bjp read this analysis to understand . * in the new system , the traders of farm produce have to register them with their pan with the central authority . * * first level transaction ( between farmer & trader ) is out of the purview of the gst system . * * gradually , further trade ( through registered traders ) will be brought into gst system . * consequently , sale and income of agriculture produce will get into govt records . * the game will start from here on . the farmers will remain exempted from income tax & gst system forever . but traders in agriculture produce selling up-stream will be brought into gst & it regime . * to understand here is an example . * if dora & parivar parties corrupted politicians , + , + , + are to sell their grapes gobhi , etc worth rs 500 crs respectively to traders , they will remain exempted from income tax , but they have to quote the pan of trader in their itrs . * * the trader has to pay the gst on rs 500 crs & income tax on its income by selling it up-stream * . * imagine there are no grapes & no gobhi ( it is the corrupt money ) being laundered by the corrupted politicians * naturally , trader will take gst & income tax payable from them . * therefore , all commission agents & politicians etc together will have to dish out huge sums of money not paid till now showing their agriculture income . * * honest farmers , who actually had physical produce , will remain free of this rut . * * this is the crux of the matter . now you understand why politicians are spending huge money in bringing ( paid ) agitators and trying to force the government to repeal . *
in 2008 farmers were protesting against government that time they were saying they dont have open marketbut now ?
once rate fixed , the contractor might take 300 % profit , as those commodities are long shelves store capacity , why they exculde potatos , etc ... which is short term in storage . any how all this we the people have to bear the cost effect by trade contractors . might be contractors are reliance , jio markets . etc ...
agar rate fixed karte he .. rate low hone pr benifit he agar hmne 5 rupees fixed kiya or rate high 8-9 ho gya fir karna ?
thank you
farmer sows the seed . bible is the seed god jesus sowed n satisfied our soul . c " bible ' in google ! ' ...
what is wrong with farmers ? why protests ?
i couldn't understand the 3rd law ... how can removing cereals , pulses .. etc bring investment to farm infrastructures . ! ?
with the first bill , the farmers can sell their produce beyond the local markets inter states . but why haven't u mentioned the condition that comes with this bill ? ? ? only those who have the pan cards ; in short who pay goods & services tax ( gst ) wud be allowed to sell their produce outside the state , if not they can't . only the large richie rich farmers wud benefit from this bill marginal , medium farmers and tenant farmers will not . better mention all the aspects !
what would be the affect on state government's revenue ?
wah awesome explained dear supreb keep it up
such a great tq sir is trah aap alag alag video bnake hamare knowledge ko badhate hai iske liye aapko aur hamare testbook team ko thanku
farmer should beat the strategy by going home and chill till the law on hold and do their consolidation to come back again more vigorously when the hold is lifted farmer must insist that law be put to poll in rajyasabha and not by voice vote before going to meeting the committee first the manner of passing to be set right and then committee should take place
- because of international protests now modi feels scared . so he decided to take charge in d state where he had monopoly . perfect politics . now he will try to show to other countries that he has made the right decision by taking few states on his side . - beware he is going to silently start by giving money to poor people of mp . - if modi wants to divide wealth of rich . first spread ambani's property in poor people . modi ko aag isliye lagi ki bus punjab mein congress kyun ayi ! ! stop taking farmers land ... - as rajewal uncle mentioned , this aandolan is at its peak now . be disciplined . and be focused only on your demands of farming . - every pm in history has always acknowledged by being with the protestors atleast once . modi called only gujarat farmers after a suicide reported on 17th dec . why gujarat ? another clever move-a place where he knows he can buy supporters . - modi has free time for ambani's grandchild - modi bends his head in front of adani who has literally taken over gujarat . - we know govt . will not remove evm . so give us d option . let d people of india decide how they want to vote ? by ballot or evm .
farmers should demand free electricity for all punjabis including physically handicapped punjabis . -
nri s have a vested interest - - all freebies , subsidies , tax exemptions meant for the small / marginal farmers are usurped by the rich / super rich farmers . nri owners of agricultural land in punjab who have not set foot in india for years , bribe patwaris and show themselves as ' khud kasht ' - i . e . actual tillers , in the revenue records . such nris and others then take free electricity . why bribe patwaris and make misdeclarations in revenue records - girdawaris - regarding khud kasht - actual tiller status . all facilities including income tax exemptions , are meant only for khud kasht and not for the lessee etc benefits
msp for 21 crops is there , price discovery other crops based on demand and supply concept . please readers , subscribers first download the 3 farm bills in pdf format from approved govt sites , then read and decide for yourself . msp is known as price assurance , price guaranteed in the farmers legal agreement .
if modiji sets it clear now the legal laws that every companies should not define but strictly copy what government defines for farmers to be followed , which is few , simple in favor of farmers then the first bill works for big farmers otherwise any big companies can trap and cheat in agreements the farmers who may not be educated . government should add bavk the daily use essentials of consumers . in the way of helping farmers modi government is hitting badly the consumers
it's a great initiative sir helping we defence aspirant as well alot jai hind
thanks . sir
one suggestion : - pls provide a link in the description to model answers or key points for the answers of questions given at the end of the video . it will help us improve the quality of our answers . thankyou !
thank you sir for this initiative
it's really nice initiative
majority of the protestors are not farmers but apmc traders ... it is said that apmc is one of the most corrupt setup
jai modi i support modi . he is the best pm of india ever . indians do not want any changes . congress ko vote do woh toh phele bi kuch nahi kia aur aage bi kuch nahi karega . jai hind jai bharat jai narendra modi . and i am not a andha bhakat i support the progress of our country and modi is doing that .
. 2000 . the bill to make hoarding and black marketing a legal right has passed . can someone tell its benefit . actually 2000 years old slavery is in our blood and we feel it patriotism .
farmers will have open market to sell produce anywhere . while local arthiyas ( traders ) buy from them ( farmers ) at a low price and sell them to other state traders at higher price to retailers and wholesellers . now 3 laws will allow to sell directly , which will ultimately reduce cost and , companies ( aashirwad , pillsbury , indiagate ... ) will sell at reduced price and we will have to pay less . second scenario will be like investment , which will create inter-competition , like come i have a land to sow and grow , i will help so as gov subsidies ( fertilizers , seeds & pesticides ) now take some profit and i will keep the rest to become super rich like never before . then india will lead 2050 . so in a time to come family-size pizza will be like just 350 rs only instead 570-600 rs . look at " china " work and play on economy-of-scale . imagine the size and scale of cyclical and cascade effect on economy . this will be a new sustainable organic growth like green revolution of 2020-21 .
ye jo protest kar rhe inme jyadatar mandi wale he kisan nhi he bhosdiwalo sachai dekho
nice try abp
farmers from 27 states support these laws . only these stupid farmers from one state punjab are fighting to protect their and their middlemen priviliges and cartles on the expense of all the farmers across the country . thank you govt . for bringing the much needed reforms in agricultural sector .
open market leads to competition which is good for customers n farmers
adani , ambani & other corporates had an eye on massive food grain market of india.they had few problems : problem 1 : states had different rules & regulations 2buy food grains frm farmers . it was difficult 4corporates 2handle so many states with so many different regulations & taxes modi solution : took control from states and made 1 act for whole country . corporates happy now . problem 2 : corporates will buy crops and store them . but essential commodity act will stop them for storing crops for long time , as it increase prices in market . modi solution : food crops will not come under essential commodity act and can be stored for longer period . corporates again happy . problem 3 it was hard to determine that what type of crop will be grown by farmers . modi solution : contract farming for farmers where they will be told by corporates to grow what kind of crop . corporates again happy . problem 4 : how corporates will handle court cases if anything goes wrong against farmers . modi solution : farmers can not go to courts . they will go to sdm and dc . corporates again happy as they can bribe them they say bills are in favor of farmers . ... hello everyone there are thousands of tractors and millions of farmers protesting on the borders of capital of india " new delhi " . dear world , it's the longest march in the history of planet earth by farmers for roll back of three laws imposed on them by present " government of india " . please support us , as the " farmers produces " are daily three times on your dining tables . indian media is paid by agencies and are fabricating the protest . support us , in writing the " most beautiful chapter in the history of this planet earth " . just forward this text to everyone in your friend circle , this is the only contribution we need from you . let it be the repayment of everything a farmer has given to you & your family directly or indirectly . just one forward please ...
he also farmer i support u
why is it soo difficult for these media houses to utter truth why are they soo afraid of the government shame on u ill bootlickers u too need food to survive if u cant tell truth atlest dont spread lies
corn floor is sold by reliance retail @ 150 / kg ? now after repealing of essential commodities act wheat floor too be sold at double rate ? these farms laws have been implemented in 2020 and wheat crop is yet to come . then how this farmer has got benefitted from new farm laws ? shame on abp
very good explanation good job abp news
every broker is trying hard to stop this bill may god help us
this is a proof that the three farm bills are not required for contract farming ... he is already doing contract farming from last four year
believe it or not , this is propaganda video and please 50 rupees cut for overacting
great
very good explaining ? ?
wahhh kuch logo k comments to dekho . ye log keh rhe h ki jhuthi khabar h ya fir ye kisaan nhi ho skte h n blah blah blah . agr esa h toh jo log ye protest kr rhe h uski kya guarantee h ki vo log bhi actually kisaan h ? ? ? listen there are actually people who support this bill ok ! ! !
godi media and abp news ... park me baithe hue logo ko kisan bana dete h
its not about they giving more than msp its about gaining control by few corporations and then harassment ... in four or five years may god please give back another soul to people who have already sold one for money
how unucky we are people belive politicians not farmers
fake news
protestors to bahot dekhe ... supporter bhi dikhane ke liya thanks
ye b btao na apko farmer protest m ban kiya hoya h shame on yr
who else is unsubscribing to godi media ?
contract farming 2012 hai contract farming bill jayada hai
awesome explanation in minutes
farmers are right and modi wrong
my dear explain krna hai toh acha se kro
what is the difference between private market and apmc . same middle man processes he hay .
bro some people know only english , so better to add some english language in the middle is better for viewers , it increases your channel subscriptions
farm act explained in detail <url>
bills are good and pro farmers . and also msp will be there . for us farmers , i would say dont create chaos in city let govt function.when govt remove msp then we will do protest .
watch this 45 seconds <url> #farmersprotests #standwithfarmerschallenge
many many thanks
not satisfied with explanation
good job bro easy n short video
beautiful dear nice job god bless you for teaching us new kisan bill
not explained sub sections of all bills about 70 % sections are against producers and consumers
this will going to benifits farmer only then bhai yeh border per kon haii ? ? ? kisan toh hai hi nahiii .
1 . in first bill middle men can also participate in private mandis you don't have proper knowledge of these bills so please don't give any wrong statement
biased explanation .. negative s and positives should be presented adequately . but i hv seen more of positives ..
thanks
and ou news reports are busy shouting on rihanna and gretcha thunberg .
nice video ... biased one ... in short it is against dealers not farmers
<url> educated farmer voice
explained well in few mins .. good job
unlike adopt heritage scheme where dalmia has taken maintenance of redfort worth 25 thousands crores , govt . should allow private company to adopt indian army , police station etc . this will reduce government cost at the same time increase efficiency .
govt . is lazy they need to improve storage facilities .
3:04 what happen if crop is destroyed by some reson .
it's mean it is clear that private players want to purchase farmers crops less than msp
nice vedio sir but if govt think that there are so many benefits of new farm law then why not govt becomes middle between farmers and private players and why not earn benefit and provide msp to farmers .
a million thanks !
worth watching
brother you are explaining in well mannered .. short time and diagram is very help for understand advantage annd disadvantages of bill
bhut acchi video hain aur helpful bhi per ya toh pure hindi use karo ya english .. confused ho jati hu
this bill is totally correct protesting farmers are dichads . this is the result of uneducated citizens of india
well explained .
exact explained
10 times better than news reports . good job in explaining clearly . good graphics . unbiased . you got a sub .
good explanation , govt is right and support new farm bill
such a great explanation in a few words ! thank you so much !
but according to 2nd law before ( at the time of crop sown ) we set fix price of grains ( 1200 ) / quintal right after ( harvesting ) if farmers got much production . and the rate of that crop is same as before ( when we fixed it ) in the market . then they will not get the benefits
thank you
government want to remove that middle man it is right and they just need to add msp in bill
government unable to stock more on same goods year on year and in rain you might have seen government stock is wasted . farmers just grow same crop on msp guarantee and government have to buy and stock or pile them . consumption is less and stock is more . wasted . hungry stays hungry and government cannot feed all free . cannot sold outside country for loss . so they got new bill so wastage will be avoided . directly sold in market will help government and farmers also think not to grow same crop so rates will be slashed if quantity is more . government did good work but farmers have to think smart and grow new goods which are not available and if there is loss in this government should guarantee no loss ...
explained breif in short
which software do you use ?
ur video is just like " small packet big bang " it really make my all concepts related to this farm bill clear nd also make me able to ponder about the reasons why farmers are protesting .
you did not mentioned the fact that ... if private buyer violet the agreement terms ... then he can only go to sdm ... with his complain ... he will have no right to go to court ... he will have no right to go through legal way ...
no reason
help the farmers ... only
shutt up nonesene .. your knowledge weak ... this is very different story .. un based ... unparallel ..
this is not a unbiased videos . what if the agreement settled on low rate and then price get hiked . also you need to clear who is going to pay the tax to gov . as far as i know they are not farmers who paid the tax . it is not necessary that private company will not store the goods like apmc traders do .
yes they should protest even everyone should protest
absolutely misguiding . the example given that out of auctioned price of rupees 100 farmers gets only 10 in apmc is grossly wrong . middleman i.e.commision agent is paid only a commission and other service charges , thus essentially there is no middleman between trader and farmer in apmc . traders being small and many there is no cartelization whereas as per new bill's it will be a monopoly . on a burning issue every tom , dick and harry starts opinioatating even if he has no first hand knowledge of the subject . this man did exactly the same .
nice explanation bhai
bilkul correct bill hai isse farmers ko hi achi pay milegi farmers samjhate kyu nhi
farmers chutiye hain saale
summary of some destructive points in farmer bills watch between 1:25 : 50 to 1:29 : 35 : <url>
thanks bro
little vedio , lot of knowledge
new update : farmers lost 70 crore this year due to contract farming in nashik . corporates dint pay the farmers after exporting the goods .
good explanation , one thing though agar govt . 1st bill mey msp daal dgi to baat to wahi ghum kar aajayegi . matlab agar kisi ko msp key bina private company sey 50 rs per kg par wheat mil rha hai or agar govt . msp daal degi lets say 25 rs per kg to wo jo private company hai wo extra 25 rs kyu degi wo to msp key around hi buy karney ki koshish karegi .
great sir well explained
but govt assured that the apmc will always be there and msp will always be provided there , apmc will never be shutdown , its farmers choice to go outside and explore more options or to go to apmc , just like bsnl is there along with other private telecom operators to regulate the telecom tariff , my father is a farmer from karnataka , he is very hardworking person , we grow paddy , here from 40 years what i am observing is only the middlemen and millers are benefitting from our crops , after working so hard and investing so much on labour's and pesticides , facing natural calamities , labour problems , water problems , machinery problems , new type diseases in the crops and all , what we are earn is just to accommodate our basic needs of food , cloths , bike thats it , forget our hardwork , sometimes we won't get back our investment also , present crop cutting done in this dec month is a complete loss for all paddy growers here , yield reduced very drastically due to new virus in our crops just like covid on humans , we not made any property from past 40 years , we don't get any thought of making some property with that earnings , just life goes on with hardworking forever , so something to be done to benefit the farmers , all these days only businessmans , middlemens are having decent earnings and making properties everywhere , small farmers fate remains same even after another 50years until unless if something is done now , our country is developing means everyone of us should develop , everyone be a part of it , only few sector people are developing is not a whole development of the country , these farm bills are not a big news here in south india or at least in our locality , big protests and all happening there in north india , i doubt does farmers really able to understand these farm bills properly , mostly some opposition parties , middlemens and others who are benefitting now are having knowledge to understand these bills and its impacts and to safeguard their earnings in future they are provoking farmers with false predictions to protest against those bills , i trust our pm modi like our family head , he never do anything harmful to the farmers or any other sector hardworking people , he doesn't have intentions to earn something by supporting corporates bcz he not even have children's to earn for them , treats all of us as his children's , these farm bills are actually beneficial to the farmers and consumers except those middlemens , initially there may be some loopholes , bcz everything can't set right on one go , it will take some time to block all loopholes , later definitely will have good future in the farm sector also
best explanation on you tube in few minutes .. good job
according to me every thing is good in new bill but government should also mention msp ..
brilliantly done sir
beeter expain
where does tax money go , does it go to central gov or state ?
you're the best teacher ever !
this videos is misleading apmc is just a medius of selling where govt . play part to assure trade security for farmer . and if buiscuit company need grains he can come to apmc market to buy . there is no restriction to sell at any market . you can sell at any apmc market . farmer from bihar come to punjab to sell their produce in punjab / haryana to get good price for their produce as govt . have ended their apmcs decades ago . this video is totally misleading i request you to report it and dislike this .
nice explanation
perfection
i never knew thing's were so simple to understand . it's great the way you simplified things with animation .
excellent way of representation , ,
this is bill is good but i dont know why farmers are protesting ? ?
government must make msp a law to assure poor farmers
thanks a lot explained really well
beautifully explained in 8 minutes
agr former apna food grain fci ko nhi sell karenge to msp k sath me fci bhi band ho jayega aur log yha bhookho marane lagenge . isaliye need hai sb log in acts ka protest kre
so .. farmers are protesting and it is justified ... as always govt is befooling farmers to satisfy their own political and corporate interests
wooww thank you for explaining in such a good way
imma give my boards and i need to graps the news so i have my own opinion and it'll help me in exams - essays and all . tysm great work . i've watched ur hist vids and its amazing .
apmc mandi jab tak rahegi tab tak company farmers ko acha price dengi aur jab mandi khatam ho gayi use din company ki monopoly ho jayegi use din company apne rate per farmers se saman khridegi
the best video on this topic ...
rakesh tiket the net worth 80cr poor farmer . has left the innocent farmers on boarder :d this video needs to bhe played on a big screen at all the boardes .
1 ) bro its a myth that farmers can't sell directly to a company , actually they can ( i have practically seen this ) . 2 ) through e-nam you can sell anywhere
cleared all doubts beatifully .
the problem is with us the consumers also when we want to eat an apple which looks perfect of the same size , earth doesn't grow produce like this .. when all of us are of different sizes why we expect our vegetables be any different ? ?
far better explanation than all those big videos .
8 minute thank you for not taking this video hours and hours thankyou good job
i was very confused but after seeing you video i have no doubt , thank you !
short and sweet , crystal clear .. awesome
finally got a simple explanation of the bills thanks to u bro keep it up
thank u sir i can understand this by ur video
the third bill is more dangerous holding any crop and commoditties leads to increase in rates in shop because holder sell it in owns rates and then shopkeeper to people in higher rates
u need some more knowledge .. come between us in protest .
thanks so much ! very well explained . you've earned a new subscriber
so you dont have to give tax to fci ?
third act :: unlimited stocking h , it will start blackmarketing with essential commodities act ...
i know farmers are the one who make their entire life struggling for us . now here what i can see that , both the govt . and the farmers are absolutely ryt on their way . but when it comes to certain interest govt . has tried to safeguard its own . govt . must look for this matter , as they can provide and have many flexible rules for the corporate one , then why can't it for the farmers one . farmers do have their own interests , and we want them to have and demand for that .
i really like your videos , but if i may say this , i would have liked more from this video ... the political angle - the way the bills were bulldozed and how there were no prior consultations with the farmers . perhaps adding why the fear of the farmers about the big corporations and contract farming are not unfounded should have been included . maybe because these are short videos and these are complex topics you could not get into the details but i would have liked more points , maybe about how the various states which did away with the act have fared , etc . this video really did help me in understanding what the laws theoretically aim at or are , but i think it did gross injustice to the practical aspects and also it generalized things a little too much . but otherwise i really like your videos .
now i think gov has to change 2nd bill but rest 2 are good , and farmers and gov need to talk and understand each otherand sir your explanation was too god
i saw so much video but this video cleared my all doubts
great sir
if company makes union they can play dengerous , game with farmers
explained
i am with farmers
misguiding explanation with excellent logic ... can you tell me motive of pvt . compan ? ? ? ans is only profit making ... company wahi chij ugane ko kahegi jis se usse profit ho ... all agriculture sector will be destroyed ... read history of east india company .
bro u shouldn't call act instead of bill ... even government hasn't passed it yet ... it's on hold ... when it passes so it's act .. may god bless everyone who is at borders of delhi
best explanation
you have made a worthful video , thanks for making me understand . appreciate your work
best video on this topic ever on youtube.easily understood.thank you
essential commodities act amendment basically legalizes hoarding of food stocks . wah re modi sarkar !
amazing explanation
but if they sell in any other apmc , ( since the restriction to sell the products only in apmc's near their area has been lifted ) won't there be any agents ?
i oppose these laws
bhai i have seen many news reporter like ravish kumar ... they are not clear .. they talk like they are against of bjp congress .. but you explain very well ... thank u
finally my all doubts are cleared
bill 1 . the corporates don't have to give taxes as the apmc markets , which will make them able to offer higher msp at first , now due to the disadvantage faced by apmc agents , in long term , those mandis will become redundant / disappear . about fci , it doesn't always take the food from the farmers , it will only take to a certain limit due to space limitations , thus if the farmers don't get a fair price at the industry , they won't be able to sell it to fci at msp . it is to be noted that always , fci has a surplus of food . moreover , the farmers are demanding the same apmc system of pricing with the corporates too , that is msp + . if this is done and a small about of tax [ similar to apmc tax ] is levied on them it would be better . bill 2 : ( contract farming ) --> the companies who have contract has very strict specifications and has legal clauses which allow them to repeal the produced food if there are minor changes in them since farming is a natural process there are always deviations , in that case the farmer will be in back foot . bill 3 : hoarding will result in controlling of prices , suppose there's a bumper crop production , due to the high level supply the price of the crop will reduce so the corporates who have huge facilities of storing these foods will hoard it , now when the supply is less and prices go up these companies won't buy due to obvious reasons , as it is costly for them thus the farmer will be facing difficulty in both situations . if there's a rule for msp for all the players in the market then i think it will reduce the uncertainty .
nicely explained
fantastic explanation
bro mene bohot videos dekhe but apke jaisa kisine explain nhi kiya . good explanation
very nice explanation though
ek line hai " nuance is in the detail " .. in bills mai sara khel he implementation ka hai .. likha toh bahut kuch hai bills me lekin hoga kuch aur he because it's the best scenario if all farmers were large scale farmers
main thing is that farmers are not ready to hear at all ... so gov also should not introduce any reform for these fools ... there is clearly written in bill no land of farmers will be taken ... and if farmers do not agree with corporates to sell there produce then do not sell and anyway i think in open market without trade farmer can sell at a better price ... and its not that farmers are not getting msp ... they are getting more msp as compared to 2014 ... so i think we must support farm bills ...
the protesters must be checked first if they are farmers ? ? ?
those who are protesting for anti farm bill - their credentials must be checked first ! ! if police start this exercise the balloon will be deflated
one or two states were given priority during the times of food shortage in india and these were punjab and haryana . the system of commissions this agents and tax collected by the state i'd not correct since this need not be supported by the central government and if so then all states have to be given similar status . the fear that private traders would take advantage is too be volunteered by the farmers through collective bargaining and they can have these commission agents in their behalf . also if farmers are happy with commission agents , these people can themselves become the sole traders . all said and done while government is coming out of public sector participation slowly evenin defence , telephones , power , aviation etc . , it is not reasonable to ask central government to be the left purchaser of food grains . ofcourse central and state governments would come to help farmers whenever there is a need since farming is the backbone of the country . while every other states ' farmers go directly to markets and were happy when levy on rice mills were lifted his can these farmers have a different treatment even after decades ? politicised farmers are taking to bandhs in these difficult times giving based name to all farmers in general .
for free liquors , rapes , drugs , pizza and spreading fake propaganda ...
this stupid protest during the pandemic has turned delhi into a grave yard of corona victims , why not the organisers including the communists take responsibility of deaths caused by them
i support the farmers . 200 % .
when government elected officials sucks up to the rich and powerful , this is what happens . a cancer in the democratic form of government that empowers the rich to sponsor anyone to run for any elected position in a democratic country . this is what happens when the government becomes of the people , by the people , but not for the people . sad :(
farmers are innocent hard workers ... hope government tries to educate them about the empowerment and benefits of the bill passed . its only because of state government politics and misguidance which has lead to chaos . not at all farmer's fault . nor the central government's fault . if farmers are worried then government has to convince them and make sure corporate companies treat farmers equally as a business partner and do not exploit them . once mandi system is removed only then farmers will be able to think out of the box . hope we see farmers evolve and be the richest and happiest citizens .
government want to become middleman trader . what a greedy corrupt official .
if middle men were not looting the farmers then why did rahul gandhi want to take middle men out
these all farmers are big bloody fools.they dont have any right to destroy the governments property and beat the plolice . now 300 no of police has been injured by these fools ( devil's ) . even they are misbehaving with our national flag . when i saw this on news it made me aggressive . every indian should love and respect the national flag . this is humble request to the central government that to take serious action on them .
i sleep with ... no ... i mean i stand with farmers .
last smile of yous is killing me
yogendra yadav top farmer and middle man of the year 2021 without owning a farm and getting money from china
wb not support the rule
for farmers their produce is the only source they can survive . . and the farmers should be left alone to do their work . . why does the govt succumbing to the big pvt players to trespass and create problems for farmers ? the govt can make provisions against for big farmers exploiting small farmers . but bringing outside giant players will eat up both small and big farmers more so because the govt and govt bodies will dance to the tunes of the giant pvt players . & the farmer community will disappear or stop existing . the govt broke the back bone of the common man by introducing demonetisation jeopardising jobs and small businesses all over the country . now the govt is trying to break the farmers and ultimately this govt will force the entire nation to slavery . .. to be at the mercy of modi ... democracy will go to the dust bin . india will then change from the largest democracy in the world to the largest slavery nation of the world
they are imaginening that in future msp will stop because of direct selling to corporates . i imagine that in future robots are farmers .
1 . bill is good for present but the protest is for the future . 2 . if government passing this bill for helping the farmers then why government isn't listening them ? 3 . farmers don't want it , so if government is thinking about farmers then they shouldn't make such ammendment , because farmers don't want them . if farmers think this bill is not good for their future , so drop it because you are passing it for the vantage of farmers . in short if farmers think this is not good , so it isn't because , i think everyone has the right to choose what good for them and what not . i support farmers ...
yes all other videos are misleading the news .
power should be in the hands of farmers jai jawan jai kisan
after all it's the government to decide about the laws it's our duty to support the farmers as of farmers are the backbone of a nation stand for them and support until the results are out
canada sponsored farmers
here a student standing with farmer
this bill is actually good adn will help farmers a lot . only these madivalas are angry because they wont get money from exploiting the farmers ...
badal party steal everything from panjab they support rss not panjab
if farmers are opposing it then what's the problem of taking back the bill ? they don't want this ' gift ' please take it back .
the government should debate with farmers on this bill before turning it in a act
the state government should stop the tax from farmers , it is good that the farmers can trade their goods anywhere , i think the middle man traders need to be stop , while the farmers are working so hard to make every penny and the middle man are taking 10 % to 20 % of their hard working money of farmers earning , we need to look forward to build a digital farming policy , it would be hard for now but it will give a great opportunity in the future
govt : i will pass bills for the farmers for a free economy . farmers : nah bro . i want middlemen to set my price . oh and also i want the state govt to take some of the profit .
i heard a very interesting analogy today , a 10 floor building did not have a lift , so people had problem climbing up and down . specially the elderly and the kids , so the society started exploring options . finally they got some donkeys , who could carry people up and down . the donkey owners would charge people for carrying them up and down for a fee and would also pay 10 % to the society from the revenue they earned . it was a very happy situation for all involved . after sometime the society management changed , the new management decided to install a lift for carrying people up and down . all hell broke loose and everyone started protesting , this is not fair , society will loose revenue , the donkey owners will be jobless and no food for them ( human rights issue ) , the donkeys will be worthless ( animals rights issue ) , all were angry . society management clarified , the lift is available to all but the gentlemen who wanted to use the donkeys could still do it . but no , the agitation continued and so finally the new management had to succumb to the pressure . the final arrangement was arrived and so anyone who wanted to climb the building could still use the donkey . the donkey would carry a person , go in the lift and carry people up & down . all were happy . disclaimer : any resemblance of this with the farmers agitation is a coincidence .
those who understood the new bill . a small like please .
i think these laws are very important for the country . middlemen must go . they are reaping the benefits of msp , not the smal and marginal farmers .
without msp how can farmers believe the contract . i think government wants to remove itself from the agriculture domain . introducing msp and essential products list is not going to hurt anyone . why is the government hesitating ? ?
i stand with farmers as far as i understood the bill is for companies & not for farmers
i proud to be punjabi and i stands with farmers
this bill will benefit the farmers ... but their fear is also right ... govt has to come up with a middle way
kisaano c desh h desh c kisaan ni we must support with farmers ... anaaj c zinda rahoge goumutr ya gobr c ni
this bill is amazing ? room for some exploitation but i see more benifits here
my question is why the farmers from particular state of our country having problem with bill .. and why not from other states much . soochoo
good change never welcomed by these political parties for their own benifits
this situation of apprehensive created by other political parties in the innocent farmer's mind .
first understand farmer bill proposed by the government . don't unnecessary spread havoc . the bill is to benifit the farmers .
ppl should explan farmers ... which is good for farmers ...
it means all the foreign companies will rule over the peasants ... and tell me once modi said " made in india " and " great india " what will happen of these statements ...
i stand with modi i dont care about others i just listen to modi ji .
which is this truth are the farmers being cheated all these years by middlemen ? another side of the story ! ! ! farmers are being cheated wake up indian farmers so sad the opposition is using this to creat havoc during carona virus time the powerful middlemen who were profiting with help of congress and other opposition are paying the union leaders to continue to agitate while many poor farmers are ready to move to allocated grounds and to talk to the government its strange only in punjab this is happening ? during this time farmers stood on their feet and earned some money .. and lived with respect . the bill is about to get rid of middlemen traders with political powers .. this is why the opposition is angry because they can no longer make money . we can no longer allow our farmers to commit suicide.and stop bla in ck money the agriculture bill was passed by the lok sabha and the states . now see the game of this bill agriculture is part 2 of bill demonicism . just as the demonetisation of black money was dismantled , similarly the two giants of punjab and maharashtra were destroyed by this bill . akali dal from punjab and sharad pawar from maharashtra got engaged . it had an annual income of at least rs 5,000 crore . he was a commission agent between fci and farmers . his company received a 2.5 % commission . all the warehouses belong to him . no farmer could sell a tonne of wheat to fci without the tag of zubair agro . all are wasted in one stroke . sharad pawar's daughter supriya sule in maharashtra showed agricultural income of rs 10,000 crore . the family had control over the entire onion , chilli and grape trade . bill left pawar nowhere . modi cut the root , not its black money-stopping branches ... the monopoly enriched the farmers for a change , but the opposition should not listen to those who are trying to cheat the farmers the akali dal and ncp can be seen begging in the next election .
if farmers are no happy then there must be some problem with the bills , this govt can't keep even the farmers happy , they are giving us the basic food , it's necessity and more than any other commodity , do hell with govt bills and policies
sorry i am from australia so trying to understand , most farms in india are very small between 5 and 10 acres , are farmer afraid that they will lose the minimum support price , there for they will eventually need to sell their land . large companies start to buy farms on mass and effectively destroy farming communities ? but would i be wrong in saying that a solution might be to form co operatives in the local farming communities to create a stronger bargaining position ?
so if farmers sell directly to traders , how does it gonna exploit them ? ? cutting out mandis and middle man's profit , farmers can get there true value of products and not the recession by mandis .
while the farmers fears are legit , why fear about something that hasn't happened yet ? how do they know for certain that the pvt companies will exploit them when the bill hasn't even been put to practice
so according to this report famers ke pas have koi budhi - - - govt is trying to help - - i guess less educated
support for the farmers from alabama usa !
farmers come first .
the bill was intended for a greater good and for letting farmers get their fair bit of share by open sales and not restricted to mandis . a kind of win - win situation . however the fear is , the gaint companies who will offer to buy their goods are going to impose laws and regulations which will go against the common good of farmers and eventually they will start losing their inheritance on their assets . moreover the law will allow third party mass buyers to decide the rate and in due competence farmers will be compelled to sell at lower price than their profitable prices . even i thought bill was good .. later on hearing multiple agendas and possibilities i reside against it .
why only punjab farmers , why not farmers in south india and other states are protesting ? this looks all politically motivated !
stfu there no protests in telangana
punjab farmer will become more rich and prosperous if they carefully understand the bill like western countries ' farmer . farmers should be little patient instead of assuming as if modi is some representative of ambani / adani . modi is 70 year old and he doesn't need money from ambani and adani . stop blaming modi . modi is transforming india so that farmer's generations in future can continue to be proud farmers of india with richness and wealth . modi is bringing india at par with western economies . farmers are misinformed . modi is cleaning up mess of congress and corruption . modi doesn't work for any ambani and adani .
private private ... monopoly is coming aoon
the same as in europe ... no farmers = no food
does the farm bill 2020 stop a farmer from still continuing to trade with the apmc in their respective states . i guess not , because the farm bill is only a choice provided to the farmer to either sell to the apmc or any private player . ( preamble of the bill ) . here the farmer is made king n not the blood sucking middlemen . by construing this bill only will sink a farmer is just fear mongering . the act doesn't at any point highlight the doing away of apmcs . this act is the best way forward for the actual heroes , the farmers to get their rightful dues henceforth which has been stopped by the parasites called middlemen over decades . kindly read n understand the bill in toto before crying foul . jai hind ! ! !
i support farmers , but also known congress can't improve anything . so no vote for congress
feels like farmers are not yet ready to make farming like an industry . if i get good price elsewhere why i may not like to sell there ? well it is related to quality of product . if quality is bit bad , i can sell in mandi , msp is already there as was before , if good i may sell elsewhere in high price . protest is highly motivated by politics and middlemen .
can someone explain the bills please ?
the fact that most of them are not farmers but rather landlords
i understand these 3 bills are good for the farmers but mostly illeteracy driving them towards dependency on middleman agents . but central government must boost counciling to farmers and educate them .
if the private companies take up then it will as expensive as electric city in india .. simple as government bodies will always work for the welfare for the citizens but the private companies will only work for the profit . our country people really needs to use their common sense rather only entertainment .
as long as central govt does not collude with private companies i think these reforms are good for farmers freedom .
wish that these so called leaders of democratic country understands the problems of farmers . support farmers .
if each and every party is protesting against one party then bjp is 1000 % right
if farmers are not happy then why bring it now . anyhow they are the ones who are going to struggle in farms . nobody else . they know what needs to be done
they are middlemen . long live comrade modi . what the left , congress did not do ... bjp has done that . the peasantry is now free and industrial capital is introduced in agricultural breaking the middlemen nexus with politician . being a marxist , i support bjp and pm modi .
msp is a " racket " to enrich farmers esp . large ones in punjab , haryana and western uttar pradesh because > 60 % of msp goes to support grains like rice and wheat , the main products of the those 3 states . that's why they are the only ones protesting . most of the poor farmers of bihar and other regions of india , who really need help , don't even know what msp is because they have not been able to take advantage of it ( there are structural reasons for it ) . and that's why you don't see them protesting against the bills . reform in indian ag sector is needed because the policy has failed to elevate ag sector in a long time . having said that i am surprised that modi-shah failed to read politics of subsidy esp . in agriculture . may be they have become too over-confident having successfully rammed through article 370 and caa legislations .
problem faced by farmers - 1 . msp 2 . if any dispute between farmers and corporate people . court doors are shut for farmers they cant go to any court . they can only go to sdm or maximum to dc . now you tell me is a sdm or dc in range of a small farmers in india ? 3 . corporate companies can stock their materials to any limit legal which is major cause food crisis and price rise . this is law under which corporate are going to control indian markets according to them selves legally . 3 . modi is saying it's going to be 1 nation 1 market . it already 1 market we can sell our crops anywhere in india legally before this . 4 . ambanis modi says he gone remove middle man from farmers purchase but what actually he is doing is he is involveing middle man in this by law . artias are not middle man they are service providers . so make it clear farmers want service providers not middle man . 5 . many many more if you read 3 bills clearly . 6 . stop watching godi media if you want to save this country . and give me answers all bhagts of modi - which promises he had completed in his pm term please answer me .
in love with the anchor she's bae
the only news channel explaining something about the bill .
i am also farmer but plz can you explain why should i protest against this ? i think it's gonna make our country more developing in the primary sector .
understood now . need to give some power to farmers with encouraging efficiency
thank you times for bringing this up fairly ... this sensitive topic has not been given it's due . with great difficulty we came out of the zamindari system is the past . and here we are .. again falling back !
they are not farmers .. they are slavers of congress family ..
still the protest is going on but godi media shows nothing ... just wanted views at that time now have forgotten
please make this bill more clear people do not understand
views for other videos is in lakhs views for this video ( farmers ) is in thousands what a irresponsible country we are living in ... !
stand with farmers votes
farmers feed us not like modi ji , ambaani and adaani who want to attain top positions to fulfill their worldy desires . modi govt is suppressing their voice if farmers are saying they don't want this law then why government have passed it . today they need our support . jai jawaan jai kissan
the only reason why farmers are protesting is msp . and i stand with farmers
why our govt is doing this to our farmers
central figure .. the worlds largest followings god jesus the only way to get to heaven . if u believe him .. died 4 ur sins n arose on 3rd day . c ' jesus grace ' in google ...
0:00 introduction 1:59 indian agriculture system 3:28 what is apmc ? 5:20 problems with apmc 6:10 modi govt ordinances 12:35 solutions
jara soch ferilizer par subsidy , electricity sasti , loan sasta , hum mid class toh mar jayege tax dekar we support gov
contract between farmer and private company will be there in the presence of mandi
iwhbbeehe
the farmers are not protesters and protesters are not farmers . they must be verified as small farmers . their propaganda is not about bill - but different talks everytime someone talks .
thanks for speaking truth .
very informative video i am against their demand to waive loan as maximum people known to me avail loan ( farming ) knowing that it will be waived off and the loan amount is never used for farming purpose
implement farm bills only for bhakt farmers
this is democratic country its farmers choice if they want the farm bills or not government can't pass the bills forcefully
1year but still we are protesting .
thanks !
farms bills are good
if you really wanna know all about farm bills do watch dr . vikas divyakirti sir's vedio on drishti ias instead of these so called ' ' intellectuals ' ' like him who can only give you a lopsided perspective on topics of national concern .
well i'm a punjab farmer . do i need to confirm that i support our protest ?
this guy is contradicting himself he says news and media deliberately hide facts and highlight what they want to promote .. this video of him shows how he deliberately hid facts and highlighted his own bias towards the topic ... his view shows he is only opposing this bill for the sake of it and not for the actually problems that lies within ...
the bills are passed by the people's representatives . the irony being , a large group of people oppose the bills . what kind of democracy is this ?
mr . rathee , govt also issued some laws so that companies do not exploit farmers , please tell about that , and please tell the positives of this law , you are only focusing negatives . you said that you will tell everything . but you are ignoring positive aspects and focusing on negative aspects . please it's a request
is modi govt.moving towards dictatorship ?
<user> rathee i saw your video for the first time . i wonder what are you doing in the video you're only quoting the other guy . and moreover , i think you are quite incapable with your analysis .
your explainatio . is very nice
not satisfied .
watch divyakirti sir video on farm bills , dhruva rathee have an agenda , just to defame govt .
i hope people also come forward in support of farmers to reject this policy .
once a wise woman said ... yeh bik gayi hai government ...
thank you for supporting farmers .
this devinder sharna mind is hollow.he has no good knowledge .
hope next video is for turkey
i support our prime minister narendra modii .. i believe whatever he is doing will be great i respect his all decisions
sir i am 13 year old boy and day after tommorow there is my debate on kisan andolan and i am in against so i want valid point on kisan andolan in against
nothing else than op
well explained
they want to kill farmers like bhagat singh , chander shankar azad and subash chander bose
bhai g research on death trust who kill " subash chander bose , bhagat singh and chander shankar azad " make a video
# # only legend like these videos # # me always legend
but what about the prices of farm products ... urban poor citizen will face a crisis in increase on price .. that should keep in mind ...
kisaan logo ko bhi bech sake aur msp , apmc aur welfare provisions dono hone chahiye
msp aur outside that dono market honi chahiye
jab farmers ko protest karna tha , tab corona virus chal raha tha lekin jab elections chalu hone wale they tab corona virus ka ek bhi case ke bare mai discuss nai hua
20k dislike cause are actually not bhakt actually they are all come from drishti ias i also like bro marathi but drishti ias is unbiased
poors r getting poorer , riches r getting richer ... shame on the condition of our country ...
basically it is bill for ambani and adani ( businessman ) ke liye hai , privatisation , i was thinking that bill for kisan ... government don't want take responsibility from all the things . railway , airport , bsnl communication , agriculture privatisation means all gujarati hold the main place and all other people will become their slaves , i think this bad for society ... as most these things are owned by gujarati people ... so sad ... privatisation is good for development but bad for poor people ...
the simple reason for the poor display of our farming sector is because the apmc is a sham in our country . the corruption of apmc and cartel system has degraded it to an extent that it has become redundant . i concide that msp is required for the corporate option of selling crops but we have to understand that capitalism does work to an extent and competition in mandis can bring in the change that is much needed .
thank you dhruv rathee for making this video on the protests against ordinances . it was very informative .
can you please highlight & share the portion of bill , where it is mentioned that there will not be any tax if produce is sold outside apmc ( video at 8.15 seconds onwards ) ?
you are not telling position side of farm bills
you are damn true modi government should never bring such system which already failed in us and uk ...
very refreshing and informative ! it's nick of time a vedio as your are pivotal in bringing results that surpasses stagnation / progress . salutes ! ! ;
many of the vedios on this channel i found informative . but in case of govt . vedios are prejudice . nd this topic is definitely not rightly explained with its all pros . & cons
6:32 that expert himself said msp is used by 6 % of farmers , in short it is a failure 8: 22 while here , he said msp will not be provided outside of the mandi and so farmers will not be be able to benefit with the msp , just two minutes ago he himself told that msp is a failure , and now he is saying that it is negative for farmers to not get the benefit of msp matlab logic waaaah
<user> rathee ... not much effective lecture , vikas sir explains better
v nice and informative video .
brother can you make a vdo on ..
if you want to get real view on this act , go to the dhristi ias video . it was an ill researched video .
thanks for supporting farmers
salute you sir very good information
u r really very hardworking dhruv
now bjp is trying to divide farmers also . bjp down down
wishing for pollution free , pesticide free ( cancer free ) indian agriculture by 2025 with : 1 . net-metering solar panelled boundary walls with night lighting , solar pumps & drip / spray nutritious irrigation . 2 . all electric tractor , rotavator , harvester , thresher like farm equipments . 3 . grains / paddy stubble compost maker and compost distribution grid . 4 . farmville like visible e-marketplace where everyone can see online what others are growing very transparently with real time navic / bhuvan gps satellites and soil health card reports . here every farmer can put a price tag well before the crop mature , so that buyers , cultivators can line-up . 5 . online gps network for all government and private warehouses with transparent capacities , costs and facilities like nitrogen chambers and dehumidifiers . here also every farmer can put a price tag including warehousing fees for off-seasonal revenues . 6 . crop insurance settlement ratio is at par with world standards . 7 . all corrupt subsidies are converted into direct bank transfers / production linked incentives and liquidity control via kisan credit cards and cash credit accounts . for intellectuals & policymakers refinement and promotion ..
wow reminded me of my group presentation back in class 9
how will government harm farmers , the government is always standing with the farmers
jesus is coming soon ..
have you noticed any flaws in the reform laws in interest of farmers . there are many new opportunities in laws for farmers without diminishing the previous facilities . the compulsion of brokers are eliminating from agricultural products marketing . which will free genuine farmers from the cut money of brokers . many other provisions are in favour of farmers . if we genuinely wants to help farmers we should support agricultural reform bills in interest of farmers not brokers and other interest groups .
doesn't explain a thing . no why's . just bad journalism standards . explain the issue , side by side and tell why is an unlicenced trader is an issue ? this is not a stock exchange trading . the product is sold as a business . farmer will sell to the highest bidder . what the bill is , what is the fear is , and then the best case and worst case scenarios . thanks
how farmhouse doralu n corrupted politicians on the name of farming income making white their corrupted income in crores by evading tax . that's what now crying not for farmer's welfare what is the crux of new farm reform and why the opposition politicians are worried . * starting with left long time allie of bjp read this analysis to understand . * in the new system , the traders of farm produce have to register them with their pan with the central authority . * * first level transaction ( between farmer & trader ) is out of the purview of the gst system . * * gradually , further trade ( through registered traders ) will be brought into gst system . * consequently , sale and income of agriculture produce will get into govt records . * the game will start from here on . the farmers will remain exempted from income tax & gst system forever . but traders in agriculture produce selling up-stream will be brought into gst & it regime . * to understand here is an example . * if dora & parivar parties corrupted politicians , + , + , + are to sell their grapes gobhi , etc worth rs 500 crs respectively to traders , they will remain exempted from income tax , but they have to quote the pan of trader in their itrs . * * the trader has to pay the gst on rs 500 crs & income tax on its income by selling it up-stream * . * imagine there are no grapes & no gobhi ( it is the corrupt money ) being laundered by the corrupted politicians * naturally , trader will take gst & income tax payable from them . * therefore , all commission agents & politicians etc together will have to dish out huge sums of money not paid till now showing their agriculture income . * * honest farmers , who actually had physical produce , will remain free of this rut . * * this is the crux of the matter . now you understand why politicians are spending huge money in bringing ( paid ) agitators and trying to force the government to repeal . *
saare aadhti bethe hein , us farmers supports the bill .
does military will interfere in things like this ?
only middle men oppose this bill not farmers
basically a farmers version of rcep . remebmber , india did decide to exit the deal , they should also follow the same here
godi media ... dont explain that u dont understand ... show farmer's pain struggle they are facing now .. u stupid media people .. have some guts to talk against this govt ... bleddy chamchaz .. godi media
she reminds me of my english teacher ... want to explain but can't
to conclude this bill will enrich farmers and eliminate middlemen looters
karshakar giveing food for police do not eat police do not forget indeagandhi died .
the farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs . in punjab and haryana there are hindu farmers , sikh farmers muslim farmers . in punjab and haryana , the farmers are not only from jatt caste or sikhs , there are also pundits , brahmins , and dogar farmers in punjab . farmers feed the nation , big companies like tata , birla , reliance , abany , adnany . these big companies are controlling modi . these bills are designed to make each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate , because farmers will have no option to sell to another buyer due to logistics and resources , and the big companies have the logistics and they will buy at lowest cost from farmers and export to other countries . this will cause food shortage in india , because big companies will be able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india . modi is working for the business tycoons , and big companies . the gst is hurting the small shops , small factories , and modi needs to be removed from his throne
the farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs . in punjab and haryana there are hindu farmers , sikh farmers muslim farmers . in punjab and haryana , the farmers are not only from from jatt caste or sikhs , there are also pundits , brahmins , and dogar farmers in punjab . farmers feed the nation.big companies like tata , birla , reliance , ebany , adnany , these big companies are controlling modi . these bills are designed to make each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate , because farmer will have no option to sell to another buyer due to lack of logistics and lack resources , and the big companies have the logistics and they will buy at lowest cost from farmers and export to other countries . this will cause food shortage in india , because big companies will able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india . modi is working for the business tycoons , and big companies . the gst is hurting the small shops , small factories , modi needs to be removed from his throne .
reliance want to buy directly ... so that minimize the middle man ... it never giv farmers a solution ... instead giving option to reliance to buy from everywhere ... opportunitic business
incomplete and biased views of crony capitalists
still the protest is going on but godi media shows nothing ... just wanted views at that time now have forgotten
bjp government may rich people aur rich aur poor people aur poor ho gaya hai . farmer protest ker reha hai ku ki government nay middle men ko khatam kerkey business men ko include kiya hai . ab farmers ko aur bhi taklif hogi ku ki ab government kuch nahi kharidegay aur jo log kharidegay wo apni hisab say khariddngay is tarha farmers aur bhi exploit hongay . ab aur jyda farmers suicide kerengay ye government apni janta say tax basul ker reha hai . gdp everyday low ho reha hai corona increase ho reha hai lakin kya keray akhir may janta uski ko vote deker win karayengay
where is farm bill originated
farmer sows the seed . bible is the seed god jesus sowed n satisfied our soul . c " bible ' in google ! ' ..
even anchor can't explain the bill ...
biggest problem in india is illiteracy . people really don't understand what they are protesting for ... in a plain english , this bill take out middle man and now farmer can sell their products directly end consumer , which earn them more money , still they are protesting . it's nothing but utter stupidity . this is my observation , modi government will do everything to help people , if they can understand .
in the present situation , middle men are eating most of the money of farmers since dey buy agriculture goods for very low price and sell it fa higher . but according to new bill . he can sell it directly to corporates fa higher prices , but the thing is msp should be continued . even in the covid condition agriculture gdp is +4.6 where as other sectors are in negatives giving better pricing for the farmers produce would bring miracles in agriculture.there are pros n cons ... whatever but farmers have to b benifitted .
vote khalistan are you awake yet ? or are you still the sleeping lion ? wake up ! india does not care about you khalistan zindabad vote 2020
mam who is gone tell about hoarding bill ? hoarding is also made legal ... in these law who will tell that ...
can india today tell how much apmc earned in last 3 years ? ? . especially in punjab and haryana .
this government is selling india to adani and ambani , and in the face of opposition to this move by the agrarian and monopoly capitalists , i will face ' pakistan and china ' with my 56 - inch chest , crush the jihadists and say ' aarsha bharat culture ' again , and become ' poor narayanans ' again . .. even if it is a farmer who returned to bandara due to government policy and bought poison at home . if the government gives relief to 6000 farmers on the eve of elections , then all is well .. then we can give relief again before the next election ... the bjp in india has a problem that can only be solved by spreading hypocritical nationalism and racism in pakistan and china . the indian public consciousness has changed so much . as long as the bjp can easily convert the votes of dalits , bridesmaids , chandalans and eezhavas into " hindu " votes in india ruled by ministers who proudly claim to be a non - onion eating caste , ' anti-jihadi ' love laws will continue to prevail in india . prohibition of notes , gst , amendment of citizenship , for example .. most indians today have the rage ( common sense ) to say that everything is an arrangement to rehabilitate jihadists .
stop pretending to speak western accent and jst speak in normal english
i believe more education systems are to be implemented in rural areas
dont need that bill its aal politics , u are godi media
this will be the master stroke and game changer by government if farm bills is implemented and executed properly connected entair india by 5 years the agriculture sector income will be more than usd 5 trillion to the economy .
shut up soldout media always say modi modi
right from 2014 this govt had been pushing anti-development policies , the pet subject of modi - shah . two stupid are ruining the nation
has to bring bcz shopkeers loot us ..
what is fear when deregulation happens more from to farmers . apmc is still there and msp also
nothing wrong in the bill
bro they buy rice from use for rs 14 per kg and sell for rs 100 per kg ... they gives us rs 14 because its msp which is in govt mandi ... now when private players wll come they wll give use rs 20 in starting for 1-2 seasons we wll sell them very happily and wll not sell to govt . mandi for 1-2 seasons ... the govt mandi wll get closed as they r in very bad shape and govt also want them to close because they don't want to give msp to farmers ... when in 2-3 years govt mandi get close then private play wll buy our rice at rs9 or rs 10 because we can't go to govt mandi they r closed ... monopoly bro ... then in 2 act of this bill they can store as much as they can ... they wll do holding and increasing of price and sell you the same rice in rs 150 ...
new bill is good for agricultural growth ... no worries ... people of political opponents creating mayhem ... to locate lay-farming into trouble ... people like dmk , tmc , sad are yielding ... to political advantage ... very good bill for reform ... it good for indian agriculture ... i am agriculturist ... in pollachi , coimbatore
its clear modi govt doesn't want to give money to poor farmers . normally center has to give compensation to farmers now the govt doesn't want to give that . on top of that making it easy for crony capitalist like adani to procure easily at cheap price and sell it to other countries .
wow great bill
dislike this video please
wrong explanation . fact is now big corporates can buy directly from farmers and anyone with pan can be a trader . so more options for farmers to sell . problem is apmc can be completely skipped impacting their profit and corruption by middle men will be low .
it is apmc registered middlemen who are scared . please do not call these millionaire middlemen " farmers "
the farmer is a end loser in the current market and he is one commits suicide in the end . the middle man is so huge and corrupt that even govt cant regulate them and they work for many parliamentary members who fought yesterday . they fluctuate the price or kill the price depending on situation . by new bill , large companies will buy directly from farmers and sell it directly to end user . for govt its easier to regulate 1 company then regulating 1000 scumbags middle men . this bill looks very promising eliminating corruption at middle men and farmers , end users and private companies are direct benefitors .
wrong information
to understand these bills , one must see these three bills in toto . one bill refers to procurements . another bill refers to storage . the third bill refer to sell . accordingly , a private ( chain store ) company can procure the formers produce at anywhere and transport to any place to store and can be sold to any body at their price . one must also refer the recent purchase of three future group companies by reliance . now , you can more visibly realize that these three bills are for ambanis like corporates and in no way for the farmers .
apmc will be destroyed and jio mart will directly by from farmers .
traditionally much of the apmc stalls are owned by members of a particular community , thanks to the pseudo secular regimes of islamic congress . this is the main reason for the heartburn . farmers are easy to manipulate and cartelisation of commission agents in apmc is very easy bcz most members belong to a particular community .
misleading information
are we stupid to trust on u ?
half knowledge ... explain better
good move ... practical thinking
it is funny how some dumbo's believe that the govt is introducing this hastily to help farmers . reliance , walmart , amazon will do contract farming and are going to give better prices and freedom to farmers ? from a local small thief against whom a small farmer could have a bargain , farming is going to shift to crony national / international thieves of bjp .
thank you for indicating the issues so clearly and succinctly .
modi is going to sell this country to black english
this bill is an advantage but this channel fails to explain it
there is cartoon published in us where a cow ( bjp ) is eating india , the cow is producing milk which is going to industrialist ( ambani and others ) and people of india is getting cow dunk ... it seems very true by considering the current situation of india .
we support this bill if one state not get advantage from it doesn't means to let other poor farmers also suffer farmers of punjab , haryana are also rich and pay zero tax
we support this bill if one state not get advantage from it doesn't means to let other poor farmers also suffer farmers of punjab , haryana are also rich and pay zero tax
worst explanation
modi : breathes raga : my time has come
such superficial presentation . you should be ashamed of this
in these farmers son never dreaming of becoming farmer he going to some another profession so farming must done privatization
these bills are a huge favour for the corporate . 1 ) companies can lure the farmers for contract farming resulting in excessive use of pesticides and promoting mono-cropping which is bad for the ecosystem ( as well as fertility of soil ) 2 ) msp isnt guaranteed ( not mentioned in the ordinances ) 3 ) farmers can be easily exploited by the companies because there is no mechanism of fixation of prices in price assurance bill . 4 ) an expert in agricultural laws says there might be shortage of food items in public market . 5 ) contract farming system ( though is could lead to exploitation of farmers by big companies ) is relevant for farmers who own large land but what about the farmers who own small lands . 6 ) as onions , pulses been removed from essential commodities there are chances of black marketing . 7 ) apmc acted as a mediator though it collected tax it ensured msp and now with companies dealing with farmers directly think about any legal battles that could arise and farmers has to fight in the court just like the recent pepsis indian farmer lawsuit . this is another failed attempt like gst , demonetisation , budget 2020 ( where gdp went in downward slope in minus the worst is indian history . this downward slope started even before covid )
in the comments section majority is supporting the bill . why does media and opposition show other way ?
at least explain in hindi for poor farmers ... mc india today .
nothing can fix a stupid . farmers were crying with old rules and were committing suicides . so government changed the old rules and removed the middleman . these idiots haven't even used the new law and they are already protesting . politics of protest , these idiots are doomed . no one can save them .. ! !
oh my god ! do they even listen to what they are saying ? because apmcs ( who are keeping farmers in perpetual poverty ) will have to compete with new commers , farmers are protesting it seems . blatant propaganda
seriously farmers think they should only trade with people who are licensed ( usually corrupt and politically connected ) and not with anyone who gives them the best price .
this news v want not sushant ...
looks like ccp-pla is getting the upper hand because xi jin pig is diverting the world attentions from their malicious mischief involving the malicious creation of the ccp corona virus 2019and its intentional world wide pandemic at the expense of india .
cruel ordinance by modi
yes no withdrawal of msp
we are with our farmers
very well explained sir that too in simple words unlike other educators who use complicated terms
hindu is biased and so are you . commodities act app bol rhe ho k farmer ko problem nhi h . hadd hogyi sirji kya baat kr rhe ho app .
farm bill is not for praise , you are not well aware with actual situation of farmer
you explained very well
sir pdf kese milega ? ? group p nh mil rh .. plz provide link for pdf or make telegram page for hindu analysis pdf ... nyc teaching
thank you sir nicely represent
being an ias officer , i will protect lgbtq community from protestors by taking some steps as follows : 1 ) one effective strategy can be involve parents of lgbtq couples in public initiatives : this helps fight against attempts to dehumanise lgbtq couple or people . 2 ) by the help of media , tv and films because media is one of the effective tool to reach mass audience it will make people who are protesting or also not protesting understand what lgtbq mean and about their constitutional rights . this content will make change their hearts and mind . 3 ) by sharing their stories in front of people can also be the great initiative because conversation help in influencing people and this will give exposure to these people that how " normal " they are .
msp has been hiked by 2.6 % by the govt .
thank you somuch sir ... very helpful lecture .
according to my opinion there is no solved process except proper education , initiation or spiritual lines . as sc has already allowed homosexual marriage .
sar 24 months ke subscription per interest rate kya hai
wtf they are saying a big no and hes saying the ayes have it
kya mazaak hai ye ... if opposition is against bill than vote recorder , slip or standing method is to be used to count votes in favour or against ... this is a big slap on system
death of democracy
the decision is already written on those bills to which this corrupt and puppet chairman just reading out and violating the rule of conduct ! i see the naked dictatorship strengthening it's roots into a largest democracy in the world !
largest hypocrisy in the world
this bill should be reverted completely as this voting is completely baseless . no bill should be passed like this where he is not even verifying the votes , and just reading the script to finally pass the bill .
india is a parody account of democracy !
full story : most of the opposition members had already walked out from the room ( after doing gundagardi ! ) . so , chairman already knows the outcome of the voting . asking for ayes and no is just a formality !
best wishes to india from south africa , i support you guys and hope the best for your future .
murder of democracy
hey democracy , may you rest in peace ..
if you are supporting this then you're in a cult , just like blind trump supporters . this is a fact that you cannot change .
why division was not taken up
abe bill padh toh le tha deputy chairman sir bill passed kr diya ...
wow , voice vote by corrupt speaker knowing govt doesn't hold majority what a killing of democracy , voting on bill is not conducted though opposition demand
speaker - those in favour say " aye " . those against say " no " members - nooooooooooooooooooooooo speaker - i think the ayes have it . the bill is passed . countrymen - aing ? ? ? modi , amit shah , bjp - hahaha
and they'll establish peace in kashmir pffff . india itself is becoming a full-blown dictatorship
death of democracy
shame ... black day in indian federal structure
sbse phle isko joote pdne chaiye muhh utha k paas kr dia rip democracy
- because of international protests now modi feels scared . so he decided to take charge in d state where he had monopoly . perfect politics . now he will try to show to other countries that he has made the right decision by taking few states on his side . - beware he is going to silently start by giving money to poor people of mp . - if modi wants to divide wealth of rich . first spread ambani's property in poor people . modi ko aag isliye lagi ki bus punjab mein congress kyun ayi ! ! stop taking farmers land ... - as rajewal uncle mentioned , this aandolan is at its peak now . be disciplined . and be focused only on your demands of farming . - every pm in history has always acknowledged by being with the protestors atleast once . modi called only gujarat farmers after a suicide reported on 17th dec . why gujarat ? another clever move-a place where he knows he can buy supporters . - modi has free time for ambani's grandchild - modi bends his head in front of adani who has literally taken over gujarat . - we know govt . will not remove evm . so give us d option . let d people of india decide how they want to vote ? by ballot or evm .
this idiot is working for some anti-democratic and anti people corporates
the way this bill was passed in rajya sabha has left me in shock.this is something that everyone should be really worried about.everything else can be debated but the way this bill was passed is something no one in their right mind would agree with . the opposition wasnt even allowed to speak . the rajya sabha tv was cut off when the members of the opposition were actually speaking . the opposition wanted to send the resolutions to the committee and they werent able to . the opposition wanted a vote on farmers bill , that did not happen either . gone are the days when the democracy was destroyed by a complete dictatorship . now the dictators create an illusion of democracy . this is what is happening now . the opposition is in jail in kashmir , the journalists are in jail , the dissent is being silenced with the help of draconian laws like uapa . this is what happens when you put uncivilized people in charge of the nation . they have never learnt to follow the rules . modi cares about bjp first , then about the country . he needs those funds through those electoral bonds to fight the elections.this bill is what the corporates get in exchange for those juicy bonds .
sir what was the hurry may i ask shame on the deputy chairman of rajyasabha conduct and approach u murdered the parliamentary form of democracy ...
before you make a myopic conclusion , lemme clear some of your basics . there are two ways in a house by which a motion or a bill can be passed , voice vote , and division . by rule , any motion or bill is first passed by a voice vote , just as they did here , if ayes are louder , theyre said to have it , if the noes are louder , theyre said to have it , seems undemocratic right ? heres where division comes into play . even if a single member of the house is unsatisfied or opposed to the decision made by the voice vote , by rule , the votes are taken again by a digital vote recorder machine . if youd have seen the proceedings of rs on 20th september , youd have noticed that no member of the opposition was opposed / unsatisfied with the voice vote , which by default made it the final decision . even if a single member wouldve been against the voice vote , the division process would have been initiated . so , u just cant blame bjp for it conducted the voice vote . thats how parliament has been working since years .
what a fuckin circus is this ? the deputy chairman & om birla will be held liable for there actions & killing the democracy ( karma is a bitch ) , feeling ashamed to have voted for bjp .
in books , india has excellent democracy
what is it
deputy chairman should get openion bye using ' aye ' and ' no ' slips in the house becoz there is lots of noise . they turns rs into machli bazaar .
i liked the govt at start but now it is turning to shit .. soon if corrective measures are not taken .. congress will come
murder of democracy
fuck off india government
farmer sows the seed . bible is the seed god jesus sowed n satisfied our soul . c " bible ' in google ! ' ...
i jst wanna say that this chair man is fuckin son of a bitch
the choosy or double standard type behaviour of opposition during nda govt is beyound our understanding , when election of deputy chairman happened in 2017 just have a look the order and peace they have maintained and the proper division was carried out , if they would have maintained order like that with all of their members present by issuing whip they may have achieved their target of sending it to select committe easily , there seems no need for such shouting and protest when the resolution proposed by them was been taken into consideration .
bill is really beneficial for farmers opposition is just overreacting like always
shame on
i know this comment section is gonna be disabled and and likes and dislikes are gonna be disabled as well just want to say thank you modi government for the national and unemployment day
deputy chair person is sold out . bhadwo ki sarkaar hai
biased government , biased parliament , biased media perfect & lethal combination to kill democracy .
killing democracy
is this a joke to the country
what the fuck ? !
i'm tired and getting broke of eating 60 per kg tomatoes , 35 per kg potatoes , 35 per kg onions , 50 per kg okra , 25 per quarter green chillies , 130 rs per kg dals , 50 rs per kg sugar , 60-70 per kg rice , 125 per liter oil , 70 rs per liter milk and so on ... hopefully this bill brings cheap food on my table . hope the govt does something about land mafia and fraud prevention . and transparency in property purchases . hope the govt also does something about electricity theft and utility bill being passed onto the general public . jai bharat mata !
the bill is pass
honable deputy chairman listen your heart it's was right that way law had passed .
they could have put the bill to joint session . this bill has to be passed in anyway or other .
majority was naysayers how come bill passed ? modi h toh ...
arey deputy chairman why dnt he do division instead of voice vote
i dnt hear any ayes and noes how did he hear haha
please don't pass this bill .
this bill passed non democratically . modi killed democracy
there should have been voting at least
this is a situation when a student didn't know how to read and the whole class is making fun of them
my india
thank you very much . news channel ko itna detailed explanation dena chahiye lekin wo toh trp batorne me lage hue hai .
very much thank u sir .
this is not real bill
your bill is wrong
thank u so much
thank you for explaining it . it's really good
very important
im farmer and im happy with kishan bill , jay hind
copy of abhi and niyu even examples too .. lol
totally biased explainaltion .. only you have mentioned cons possiblity and avoid benefit point ...
i am proud become a farmer son
good explanation
nice explanation
hello sir country ka official name india & bharat he
aache se explain kiya .. thank you
sir , total kitne chapter hai is new wale bill mai
contact farming additinal , , ... it's only politics
may i ask about fine + extra tax given to farmers if company take backstep ... isn't good for farmers .. ki agr farmers vo legal notice s . c m dikha de to company ko kitna fine dena hoga ...
the second direct trade - corporation are buying barley for beer and vegetables and fruits for super markets directly from farmers based on anticipated demand they directly work with farmers to grow certain type of crop . help with seeds and technology . other countries have this model and farmers are better . read about global parali <user> has transformed beend and shifted to fruits and vegetables directly being sold not through regular mandis . real life example . intentions can be doubted better make water right laws .
thanks sir
finally smjh me aaya ...
i am proud of the farmer
thank you so much ! ! this is the only thing / video i found that was useful and easily understandable ! but looking at what happened today . about the farmer rally . i feel a bit different towards farmers ...
i am support always farmer
yes right
thanks sir
i am in support of famer bill ...
nice explanation in the simple way ... thanku sir
oh understand v simpel retail buy to retail sell
quality needs not quantity
nice effort show more awareness on the bills
now this what the national media misses out ( unbiased perspective ) . you are just awesome priya mam . finology is
jo bhi farmers crop burning karte haa unko to penalise aur punish karna hi chahiye ... kyuki usko crop waste ko farmer aram se fodder ki tare use kar sakte haa ...
so informative
main thing is that farmers are not ready to hear at all ... so gov also should not introduce any reform for these fools ... there is clearly written in bill no land of farmers will be taken ... and if farmers do not agree with corporates to sell there produce then do not sell and anyway i think in open market without trader farmer can sell at a better price ... and its not that farmers are not getting msp ... they are getting more msp as compared to 2014 ... so i think we must support farm bills ...
thank you so much mam . it was very helpful .
bina merey chahey , meri zameen kaisey koi le lega , simple sii baat hai ! ! mandi - - ka compition jaroor hona chahiye , mandi kii manmaani nahi chalegi , kissan should understand this for their betterment ! !
anchoring se toh modi bakht , thoda lagta hai .
very well explained
bill pucha tha kya h time waste
extreeeeeemely informative ! i understood everything about the farm laws . thank you very much finology legal ! !
msp should be legalized so that across the nation , farmers get equal advantage . bihar farmers are poor just bcoz they don't get msp for their production .
repeal farm laws .
mam aap ne section 9 nhi pda farmer protection bill ka jisme likha h famrer ki jmin pe contractor loan le skta h lekin ye khi nhi kha ki loan use he chukana hoga agr contract khtm hone tk usne loan nhi diya to kon dega isliye famer bol rhe h jmin chhin jayegi aap ko proper study krni chiye thi
if government is ready to gave written assurance on msp then why don't they just do that ... what are they waiting for ... just do it like they pass the bills in rajya sabha and lok sabha ... by showing it like an emergency call ...
absolute clarity im glad i subscribed
very informative video .. mam .. thanks ..
ma'am you forgot to said hey everybody mein hun priya aur ap dekh rahe hain finology legal
great work ma'am . an impartial perspective is highly needed for a better conceptualisation of any topic . the indian media including news channels , certain youtube channels and social sites must learn to document facts unbiasedly from you .
excellent videos ... but i wish you would have covered the excess farming of wheat etc due to msp and the resultant enormous loss to the government ( which indirectly translates to us the taxpayers ie the citizens ) . hoped you'd cover that less than 6 % of the farmers get to sell at msp ... also approx 90 % of rice and wheat from punjab and haryana is procured by the government ... whereas govt warehouses are full and have no place to store the grain ( hence stored outside covered in tarp - google the wastage of food grain in government godowns ) also wheat & rice have almost no demand in other countries ... ( some countries have banned rice from india due to the lack of nutrients ) ... . also no other states are protesting eg up , maharashtra , mp & bihar .. the fact is that the middlemen stands to lose out ... large bulk producers of wheat and rice will lose out ... also govt can't distribute these excess food grains for free or sell at subsidised rates since it has a msp ... the grains would recycle back and the market price would fall causing more loss to the government because of msp ... and the fact remains that no government would want to make the poor farmers even more poorer ... its a sensitive issue .. a complex issue ... have faith ... one can't kill the farmers and hope to survive ...
good explanation of farmer's side . but unsatisfactory response of govt . plus you missed essential commodity act amendment .
you missed essential commodity act amendment , which makes farmer protest into jan andolan . on msp you give written assurance by making law , how can we belive on a mere written assurance . show proof of meetings held before passing these laws , with farmer union plus the government forcefully passed the law in rajyasabha without count of vote even after objections , and no discussion in parliament over these bills .
vary good information but i would one request from my side please provide way forwad or conclusion for video ending .
didi thanks tomorrow was my debate in school rajya sabha vs lok sbha on topic thanks one time more
ek doubt aa mam clear karna , agriculture state list da part aw hna taah fer central government agriculture lyi bill jaa law kive bna sakhdi , plz clear karo
thank you very much for this video it helped me to win a debate competition ...
to kya apka mtlb h ki ye crore of no . me farmers ko misunderstanding hogyi h hdd h
only guaranteed law on msp can change the lives of farmers
thanks mam
very nice experience with you mam
abani setup celloplants for storage under every 30 to 40 kilometer in punjab . imodi government create only concpracy against farmer .
stubble burning alternative is to make biodegradable products out of the stubble
solution to the first speculation could be to amend the farm laws and introduce msp in new markets
hello but new law se to farmers ko loss hi ho raha hai ! ! ! ? ? ?
it's a anti farmer laws
it's a totally balanced approach ma'am ... thank you so much for explaining farmers bill ...
you have limited knowledge ,
idk why i didn't get your channel before ... the way you tought is very simple and intresting thank you ma'am
sb shi hai ye commission men sb upeast aur bihar ke farmer's ko sbse jada paresan kiya hai farming up east aur bihar ke farmers krte hai rice ki lekin jada profit ye commission men kamate hai
nicely explained
why we need this act when we can do this same practice now in present condition with our these acts also .
1 . new market is already there and why an enactment is needed additionally to avail that . 2 . contract farming is possible without any acts then why to bring this new regulatory act which looks more beneficial to the affluent contract farmer ( farming companies ) . 3 . delisting these from essential commodities will lead to hoarding and market monopoly . this ethically against competition act .
bakvas explanation of the acts sensing some godi media mode
all the farmers who are doing these protests need to see this video . very well explained .. !
i love the way you explained ... keep rocking ... all the best
really i got clarity .
govt is not satisfying the demand of farmers for commitment to purchase the produces at msp . govt is not ready to give such assurance . msp will be only on papers
before 2014 bjps dreams : peroll daaam kam honge gas ke daam kam honge jobs milange after few years result : petrol + 105 gas 850 + jobs off . it's i like jio sim pahle free do baadme apni marji se rate badhav .. hope ppl understand this
government farming me ek revolution la rhi h pr taket jese dalal isse rokne me lage h . 1991 me bhi yhi daar dikhaya tha inn logo ne pr aaj india global business me bdi power h . reform lana jruri h . if you change nothing nothing will change
aap bhout ache se explain krte h ... thank you
you are forgetting one basic fact.apmc law does not permit farmers to sell their produce outside mandies . which means mandis are having captive market.this is being misused .
exactly this problem was referred to supreme court but ex cji avoided to take position .
i am a advocate and advise everyone who are interested in knowing the truth about the new farm laws , kindly buy the bare acts of these laws and read it carefully , instead of listening summaries you won't be able to access the actual issue , read whole of the acts .
this is only video through which i am able to understand the intricacies behind the three farm bills . any one can now see why there is so much turmoil over this . an amicable and unbiased solution is needed without delay . thank you so much priya ma'm , i wish you godspeed ...
and the main problem is not the act or law ; the problem is that the judiciary of india is so poor that you would have indian law saying for instance " making obscene videos is a crime or encouraging a movie porn maker is a crime in itself . " but , these people are celebrated on news channel every moment & are not penalised as per the law . so , bringing a law giving farmer right prices enabling them to enjoy their due share saying that farmers right will be protected after the legal agreement with the other party . i don't believe that it is possible , the reason is that the celeberated corrupt enjoys great power & half of the masses don't know that they are corrupt and address them as ' saabs ' & fear them as they are influential . because criminals in suits or proper kurta pyjama in farming & other sectors enjoys good influence in the society and are a reason of crime done on many . it is first hard for a non-influential farmer to file his complaint . even if he does , it is not easy to get justice along with that he has to face violence & threat if he is challenging a person who is extremely powerful because of his influence on other people . so , bringing law or amendments do not serve the purpose in any sector including farming till the respected influential criminal on tv & in the society are not referred as what they are in the society . so , that a criminal leader do not create people from the youth his fans on the basis of fake persona & slowly manipulates them to be extremely violent on the masses . thus , it is better to say them what they are rather than calling them as ' saabs ' & giving the respected criminals acceptance .
this rakesh tikait n some liberals are spreading rumours among farmers due to lack of communication between farmers and government
you are missing one thing and most essential one as well other all is correct you described
you missed one point that this protest will mark end of this ambani adani alliance government
why not government pass a law to ensure msp weather farmers sell there produce in apmc or in other market .
quick decision making is needed
you are wrong miss.arthiyas only charge 2.5 percent not 3 percent .
biki hoye hain aap log .. modi did not say anything about written note on msp .. he said as long as bjp is there , msp ki guarantee hai . but agar koi aur party hai then they are not responsible ..
what was the last decision that the govt took after consulting all allies and parties ?
arrogance is the right word
those opposing the farmer bill ... wait until its passed and the corporates raise their prices and then u have to pay double of current rate for same product in grocery . then also andhbhakts will bang thalis with closed eyes
modi rule and british rule similarity : creating hindu muslim divide robbing poor people ; forcing them to sell cheap . high taxes if we dont stop this now ... we will forever be his slaves
farm bills are good and they need some reforms
i am very happy how to you described ...
it was preety beautiful to see you being destroyed by tushar at clubhouse on your hypocrisy .
sir my father is also an andhbhakt of modi government unhe vo sab galat lagta h jo modi goverment ke khilaaf ho . so plz sir kuch suggest kro ki me unke thought kese bdlu
good job good information
modi got results in bengal and up in coming months he will get results in haryana and punjab
this is the best explanation i had . best man best .
it is an absolutely pro-corporate farm paradigm ! thus this is a clearly anti-farmer bill ! this is the price people have to pay : haste makes waste that the govt . must learn !
please make a video on why the only communist ruling state kerala , bengal doest not have this mandi system even thought these political parties and minister are trying a lot to bring mandi's in other religions
greatly explained
kya chutiya bnate ho apmc me bhi bech skte hn . farmers contract tod bhi skte hn . privatisation se hmesa se left ko problem hai wahi issue hai . jbki capitalism hi tarika hai jisse gareebi kam ho skti hai .
one of the best explanations i have seen of farm laws . explaining with lego kit was best .
sir pls read the bill thoroughly ... it's very gd for farmers ...
1 ) contract farmers can make contracts with farmers without farmers having any legal protection to appeal . farmers will have to abide by fine prints in legal contracts , which even educated people like us cant fight with big corporates . 2 ) farmers can sell their goods anywhere . big farmers can benefit from it , but small farmers any way dont go to mandi's . but it's governments way to get out of farming business and selling to private companies means facing the ups and downs of the market . government will not intervene by giving any subsidy or help for procurement . 3 ) removed rice and wheat from essential commodities ref : <url>
if apmc is not abolished then why r farmers protesting ? ?
no one : literally no one : me : focusing on his t shirt throughout the entire video " ek fakeeri hai aap mein "
clearly the corporate head is ambani
i am not a farmer and that's why i need some understanding and explanation on this .. if there are only 6 % farmers using apmcs for msps , then why would removal of apmc affect farmers ?
well done my friend . a round of applause and salute for you .
please don't mislead peoples
1 . 4:50 aap bol rahe hai apmc hata do but bills me to aaisa nahi hai . usme to aaisa hai ki aapko choice di jayegi na ki apmc hataya jayega . 2 . 6:15 aaisa bhi kahi nahi likha gaya ki tum jao corporates ke paas . farmers apna produce kahi bhi bech sakta hai . interstate intrastate kahi bhi bech sakte ho . 3 . corporate farmers ko kitne paise dega wo msp se decide hoga . ek model contract hoga . sir aap apne hisab se saare assumptions bana rahe hai . aap ki har baat se aaisa lag raha hai ki is bills se sirf ambani ko fayda hoga . 4 . 8: 56 " hum tume paise nahi denge to tum kya ukhad loge " . bhai sahab model contract hoga usme sab kuch likha hoga aur payment 1 din me ho jaani chahiye aaisa bhi likha hai bills me . aur agar yaha pe bhi kuch nahi hota to dispute settlement bhi hai . haan ye sahi hai ki dispute settlement bureaucrats ki jagah court ya tribunal me hona chahiye . 5 . though the ordinance was unethical and should have been discussed with farmers but it was not unconstitutional . 6 . 10:55 " isko pura hum corporates ke haath me de rahe hai " ye baat to bilkul galat hai . online trading ka bhi option hai . aur bills me to aaisa likha gaya hai aap apni apmc ke bahar apna produce bech sakte hai . 7 . 11:20 " apmc ko nikal ke phek diya " aaisa bhi kahi nahi likha . maharashtra ka example dekhlo waha bhi vilasrao deshmukh ki government ne aaisa he law paas kiya tha aur waha to sab accha chal raha hai aur waha tab kisine kuch nahi bola . i know there are certain problems with these bills like regulations and dispute settlement etc . but it should be amended in the bills instead of revoking the bills .
very nice video and educating the youth ... thanks a lot brother
talk about article 370 in kashmir .. tab b government nai without kashmiri s consent usai hataya tha by putting them under lockdown , lockups , and murderd them ... but none of u cared and now that is happening in whole india we were without internet for 1 year and now we are using 2g ... i must whole india is tasting 2 % of that which kashmiri s has gone ..
for detailed discussion watch drishti ias video
7:33 this is called free market forces , you dumdum .
translation on video sucks , as it hides the video good explanation
amazingly explained ... u from kashmir
this is how farming is done in sweden which is a socialist country : <url> so don't you think we should allow private sector in farming in india ? so that india becomes a developed country . i think this will allow people to move from middle income trap and improve their living standard ( hdi ) . kerala don't have any apmc . but kerala gives highest msp . this is achieved by government directly procuring from farmers and avoiding arhtiyas . so the cost of middle man directly gets transferred to farmers . <url>
but government to ab bol rahi hai ki apmc khatam nhi hogi msp khatam nhi hogi . fir kya problem hai ? ye to best of both worlds wali baat lag rahi hai . can you please explain ki ab kya issue aa raha hai ? thanks in advance .
that building dude ambani nahi hai for sure . na ! !
good explain
ohhh . thank you sir . thank you very much for teaching us . such a nice teaching .
lies ... who said that apmcs are being abolished ? the bill is establishing a private sector " parallel " to apmc
stop misguiding for god's sake ! ! ! you have not done phd in this ! ! ! guys , i urge you , please listen to mr ashok gulati on this ! ! ! he is an educated personality who has spent years working on this issue , unlike this joker .
bhai apmc ko nikal ke feka nai hai . farmer free hai . he can go wherever he want to . please read all the points word by word of the bill and explain it correctly without adding anything extra .
well explained
u r explaining very well superb tysm
new farm bills does not terminate apmc or msp system . the new bills only brings / add more options / freedom to the farmers without eliminating the old market system as simple as that .
chutiya spotted
please watch this critical episode by punya prasoon bajpayee post pm speech today <url> i would highly recommend watch his previous episodes too , especially since the protest started somewhere from 26th nov . it is very critical to understand and share facts to the maximum . please spread this video link shared above
summary of some destructive points in farmer bills watch between 1:25 : 50 to 1:29 : 35 : <url>
explained in well elaborative manner
you are wrong about 3 things , .. 1 ) govt never said they will remove apmc . 2 ) it's farmer decision to sell whom he want to sell . it can be intra state or inter state . 3 ) price discovery can be find in e-nam , which is governed by apmc . 4 ) farmer has every right to negotiate with the vendor as per new bill , if they are pre-approved crop . then price will be decided even before seed is sowed in the land . plz don't miss guide ...
hi aakash , your explanation is good but this bill is not scrapping the selling in mandi and if farmers not happy with corporate price they can deal with mandi . am i correct ?
for complete and unbiased understanding of this farmer's issue , watch the video in the link below .. its bit long because to explain things properly one has to go in details .. its by one of the most reputed teacher for civil services examination .. its for understanding purposes .. not by any news media .. so no propaganda here <url>
real and accurate information and thank so much
it is not about farmers .. it is about survival of local logistics jobs - collection & cleaning grains .. transportation , storage , distribution ... flour making , roti making factories ... alcohol industry in punjab . the locals want to prevent privatization of agriculture businesses for their local job survival .
no money for farmers but 951 crore for new parliment for hardly work politicians ? ? wow we finally have our priority right , im so proud of this historic moment
well explained sir
you missed some points , actually nowadays there is no more auctioning in apmc , the msp is actually the maximum selling price for the farmers and farmers doesn't matter how much they produce they doesn't get enough of their value . secondly , these apmc union's tax money goes to state government instead of central government . moreover , it is on free will of farmers if they want to sell their product in mandis or directly to corporates . the price rice due to middlemen can fall due to this and farmers will get the benefits . sure , bill has lots of negatives but you should've pointed out few positives as well .
you should also do a talk to explain the farmers bill impact on normal common citizens . specially now that there is more clarity , how msp will only be triggered for perishables and non perishables after threshold of 150-200 % that is almost an automatic assurance for common man pricing of all essential food products will go up by minimum 30-50 % . second also research and mention what happened in usa or other countries with corporate agriculture - how vegetables and fruits there only look good but lack nutritional value . why gmo seeds were forced on farmers , how organic farming will go out forever . how more pesticides will seek in for higher yield and more production to meet schedule of delivery . yes corporates help with more modern equipment and large scale yield but at what cost ? i think we do need them but with regulation . otherwise the farmers are better off now and do us the common man . indus is a poor country without welfare policy for good and price inflation too high people will starve and die . what is more important walmart and reliance to profit or us as a nation to survive and live peacefully . hunger will give rise to more tensions and strife .
will there be rise in products too ? if this bill is followed ?
u explained it so well.tysm for all the information regarding this bill
it will impact on pds the govt will buy from private players for food distribution the lower class will be impacted and price of commodity will be manupliated
great video bruh
sir ek baat samajh nai aa rahi ! please someone explain me ! ki only 6 % farmers are using msp then what's the problem in demolishing it ? bcoz already 94 % farmers dont need it right ? baki excellent video and excellent way of teaching ! regards , thanks !
the building will be bigger including jio recharge costs .
great sir
very well explained ... thank you
beautifully define
i don't understand the mentality of this govt . instead of improving the current process and bringing transparency in the governance , govt is handing over everything to private companies . air india , bsnl , lic , indian railways and now agriculture . there is also talks to bring private playes in banking . why govt schools , organizations can't operate like private organisations . how would you evaluate a govt's success ? by counting the number of privatization ?
but apmcs will continue to exist .. the only change is that farmers are given other options . nobody is abolishing apmcs or msp ! farmers can now choose where they want to sell their produce . if anything , these laws have liberated the farmers from oppressive monopoly of the middlemen !
please fight for amaravathi ap capital farmers as well ap farmers support you , no one supporting ap farmers , they are protesting for 345 days . no one responded . please , help them and help each other to fight against this evils .
u r wrong mr deshbhakt apmc is not abolished apmc will be there
i heard that the mandis are not abolished and it's still there ... the farmers have option to choose either ...
very nicely explained ... i saw many videos to understand the bill but couldn't . your way was more simple and i understood it right away .
it is really very surprising to see for years that the people who provide the most important thing for mankind are in such peril
it doesnt matter if you support the farmers bill or oppose it . you have to admit that the way it was passed was completely undemocratic
ek question : jisske centre pe majority sarkar ho voh hee toh lok sabha and rajya sabka mps unke zaada honge nah ?
we support farmers
best channel on youtube ... love your content bro ... godspeed to you
can't thank you enough dhruv for the work that you are doing.hats off !
these days democracy totally in hands of ambani and adani
we innocent indians follow a supreme leader no matter where he leads us ...
and also it is clear before the day of voting that nda clearly pass this bill as they have clear majority ( nda + aiadmk + shivsena + )
those who were thinking that block that part of video is undemocratic are stupid , there is clear procedure that whenever voilence happen in sansad the video or audio block , for not transmitting the voilence scen to international media
bjp government is corrupt government
so aren't there any rules as to what happens if the speaker doesn't follow rules ? if this is what really happened why don't the opposition file a case .
sir similar situation is with kashmiri people .
are you kidding me ... aye ! ! my classroom monitor was selected in more democratic way .
who support the bjp they also hate bjp and let down on aurth one day ...
don't worry bjp must be give answer in the future because true is spred one day ...
the process is totally rong ... this is the power of majority ...
i think now one want to support bjp too corporate like ambani adani ... that's wyh the opps the bill ... no matter what is on the bill
yes you are right but no one know the reality what happened in the ..
you are doing an excellent job but the thing is you should find a better and higher medium pressurising the government to rethink their acts as a result making a good change in democracy .
bhai problems nahi solutions dekhso
can't they can challenge this decision them in supreme court ?
u explain everything in such an easy way , plus u actually mention all the facts which is why ur channel is the most authentic one , love it .
definately it was true but remember it didn't happen first time in parliament . actually you can say it is routine work
ravish's pet ... u can't take advantage of democracy to always bark like this ...
after my college i will also make like him . he is brave as 1 man army in front of whole party
in this hell where is president , cheif justice of india .
dhruv bhaiya i'm 17 years old and i'm still in school . i know i'm not that old to talk politics nd all but bhaiya i don't know why i become so depressed whenever i start thinking about our country's condition . they are literally torturing farmers , censoring social media , asking companies for our personal data , controlling news media and god knows what else . i love my country so much , but yesterday when i was at my uncle's house , we were talking about all these , and when i put forward my points about so called hindutwa , farmers , muslims etc . , everyone started asking " are u even a hindu or not , why bhagwa hindustaan is causing u this much of problem , modi ji is censoring social media to stop terrorism and he is the one who made ram mandir possible ( supreme court is joke for them . and eventually after about half an hour , they started saying u are not a kshatriya , u were supposed to be a muslim etc . i ran away then . i don't know what's wrong or what's right , but one thing i'm sure of is modi ji is the new hitler , and this government can do whatever it likes without even letting people realize it .
again dhruv continues to impress with great details and honest presentation of facts ... i saw all the 3 videos on this issue and feel very upset and sad ... no body cares about public view and welfare and its very frustrating ...
wow in-depth analysis dhruv bhai ... great
24th sept is my birthday wish me
irony is , even if bill had not passed on tht day in rs , it would hv passed in nxt two days in joint session . and see the attendance of that day , bjp & allied had majority already cz ncp and shivsena had abstained from voting
technology now improved bro , their machines now
in india we must must must must need few good leaders who actually support everyone .
god is watching , you cannot escape the cycle of karma , hunger for power has made them totally blind .
i think it's better to listen dhruv rathee as compared to godi media .
even when a group of friends decide about something as trip and all they have better system than this voice vote .
modi is a stupid because farmers complete 6 month on 26 may but modi ignore the farmers
7:40 derek o brien didn't ripped the rule book instead he was trying to show it to the speaker and another book was thrown by someone that appeared to be teared portion of the rule book
i'm worried
can't they challange this in supreme court ? ?
hope modi wont be the next erdogan
desh khatre main hai
basically we indian's are doomed . hope they rot in hell .
tremendous work bro .. keep it up .. don't know hindhi much but understandable by subtitle
bjp is killing democracy
sir please make a video on difference between law and act ? ? ?
thanks for giving insight to many political and social issues through your videos . can u please share your view on suci ( communist ) party established in 1948 . they are claiming that they are the only genuine communist party in india . is that true ?
based on what was seen , coming future seems grim !
bjp got clear win rajya sabha all know that nhi to apni seat pr chle jaate opposition ! vha se hi kiya jata protest or fr dubara se is issue ko kyu nhi uthaya gya ? is their something unlawfull they are doing bcoz they can do it
voice vote in rajya sabha : such a stupid thing
good job brother
great work , and thanks alot for the truth
hilarious situation bjp created
democracy murdered ! !
india became lite version of north korea
india is a democratic country ... is the biggest scam
if this is in the rule book and if it is broken , why this is not taken to court ? how does indian laws even work ?
our teacher used to shout at us , you have made this class into a fish market if i ever get the opportunity i will say , rajya sabha nhi h ye
this is so well explained ! ! thank you .
public should support dhruv rathee sir to raise voice against these undemocratic things
it was passed as an ordinance
fun fact : - this bill was passed as an ordinance and this is not new meaning bjp is not the only one to use it .. every party who has come into power has used this method especially under indira gandhi ... now before you bash me i am not justifying this but it is said that if every bill or any move is to be introduced like the right way then only half the changes would have been there in our country meaning india would have seen half of the bills or development today .. abolition kashmir special status ( which i obviously support ) is also done by this .. if done right it would have been still a political issue for another decade thereby creating more division within society , more hate , more intolerance
you are one of them who always blame the govt . this is your business .
i think this guy routinely has antimodi capsules . he has found not a single thing right in modi government .
farmers always taken advantage by congress because they are not educated this deal is good for farmers ... they just don't know
confused r g and congress party
excellent move by centre govt in favour of farmers . farmers were making suicide not just lack of rain but also heavy commission and fees induced by apmc mandis linked with state govt who get beneficial . now marginal farmers can sell where they get good price outside apmc mandis . kudos to modiji who takes bold decisions for country keeping side vote bank politics ( congress and cpi ) if any pesudo parties misleading people like they did on caa topic , farmers to protest then god save this country
bich k 95 / - corporate k pas chale jate hne
brilliant narrative .. true and fact
congress bichwalia ghus khoro ki party hai
antonio mino gang of opposition political parties , always against the culture of hindus , against the nationalism , against the army and against the farmers , who are the base of indian economy .
cogress leaders naturally chor aur jhoote dikhte hai !
i am not supporter of any political party . in this bill no guarantee of msp . farmers just want to add line of msp guarantee and if any one buy under msp price it should be strict legal action against him . always remember farmers are backbone of country . jai jawan jai kisaan
boycott such modi media's ! ! !
not only farmer sr citizen also totally out of mind and hate bjp
papu pgl h bas bolna ata h ... bill to nrc ho ya kisan ka congress ne he bnaya tha or ab vorod bhi yhe krte h
congi = mugaliya + gore angrej ki cocktail peidas + vichardhara . arajakta danga fasad terror talibani naxali pattharbaz nashabaz supportar ...
government ko free ki politics bandh karna chahie . karm pe vishawas karna chahie free me nahi . only education free hona chahie no jati / dharam only % pe admission hona chahie har samaj bharat hai ye samajna padega ...
bjp ko bjp voter supportar bharat pe vishawas karna chahie . ye pagal panoti pig pappu khan ko avoid + boycott karna chahie ye jihadi jahil jaychand tv midiya + mafiya ka breaking news hai .. please no replay ...
government guarantee lete hai is bill ki to ye bill sahi hai or isse lana chahiye
does surjewal has tongue left
desh bech do bhenchod media wale
you people got the tender to talk about pakistan or sushant .. why you guys are taking interest in farmers .. please do your real job
all akai , congress , app admi pary join each ather and modi ka virod kro
plz read bill care fully
farmers were demanding this for a long time . some donkeys are misleading farmers . most people agitating are jageeradar or comrades
congressi madharchod hai
medamji apko punjab me 120 + jahrili sharab pine se mare tab kayo chup bjp ko enko nda se kick out karna chahie ...
farming sector has also gone in hands of corporate ...
private companies is not good for farmers
proud of modi government .
company ko full power nahi dena chahiye government ke control mai company chalna chahiye
political selfishness by akali dal
i am from mansa district , punjab one farmer from our district went to a farmer rally and took poison , resulting to his death but no media has shown anything about it all are busy about sushant or kangana case shame on our media , execpt ndtv
jis prakar gst or notbandi se purr deshbko fayeda hua economic mai growth hui corruption pyri taraf khtam ho gya usi prakar ye bill farmers k heet mai hai
if this bill will apply then then will destroy whole agricultural sector ... same like gst and demonetisation done with cooperate sector ...
who wrote rahul gandhi twitter statement
only vote politics by opposition
congress misinformation
bjp brought bill .. but.what.doneby.allin.70.years . ? ? ? ! ! ! ?
i as farmer am against ordinance and not being fooled
kishaan bacho in oorto se paise nahi mile to istifa
boycott modi
kejriwal ji aapko salute hai dua hai ki hum sab aapko pm ke roop me dekhe and you will achieve a lot in life as our blessings are with you .
kejrival best person in this india
next cm arvind kejriwal .
arvind kejrival is a high qualified education leader . we need like this leader .
complain sahara q shop unique product range limited investor amount when received maturity date 2018 till date not received the amount investor.mca received 744 complain this company plz take action this company and give maturity amount . note : - this message foward to your friend and reletive sayed or kisi ka pisa na phase is fraud company me invest mat karna ..
god save our kissan n save our country india
sir , please participate in lok sabha election ... we need people like you at the centre . people who are educated , honest and who knows what's good for the country .
he slapped brainwashed bhakts so hard their dropped iq rise to least average level
big big solute sir you should become our next pm , very educated , very good great leader , and and no words just superb
kejriwal show what an ips do kejriwal is cm pm not an kejriwal have ability he already prove when he clear ips exam and interview and with isp taring kejriwal is best
i prefer watching this over b and d
sir you are the best
we want your govt . 4ever sir
abe khujliwal bills me problems kya he
want him our pm
is india under dictatorship rule .. demonetization .. cab now caa .. abrogation of the article 370 ... the farm bills .. why is people's voice never heard ..
sailut h apko , e hoto h ek educated leader ki thinking
join telegram group : <url> follow us on twitter : <url>
to kaise mehenga ho ? vo bhi to 1955 ke mai tha ? govt offiicer bhi apni duty theek se nhi kerta
advertise thoda km rkhiye
you are demanding too much money for for pdf in your app . please keep price low so that i can buy
sir the way you explaining is excellent
thanks sir great sir
* * msp is determined for the country as a whole and not region or state-specific . the 22 mandated crops , for which msp is being announced by the government for the last three years , include 14 kharif crops viz . paddy ( common and grade a ) , jowar ( hybrid and maldandi varieties ) , bajra , maize , ragi , arhar , moong , urad , groundnut , soyabean , sunflower , sesamum , nigerseed , cotton ( medium staple and long staple variety ) and 6 rabi crops viz . wheat , barley , gram , masur ( lentil ) , rapeseed & mustard , safflower and two commercial crops viz . jute and copra ( milling and ball copra ) . in addition , msp for toria and de-husked coconut are also fixed on the basis of msps of rapeseed & mustard and copra respectively .
very helpful video clear all doubts .. thanks sir
thank you very much sir
dear ... these three acts are not in favours of farmers , you are focusing only outlines of these acts but on other hand there are many adverse affect on farmers ... these bills are only in favours of traders and corporates ... if a farmer violates the contract , then the traders get stay on his farm and due to the appiontment of big law firm .. the farmer will not get justice ... and hoarding .. the whole economy of india is around fifty corporates and these are who control modi govt . ... and another big issue of wto and imf ... they have big oppuritunity in indian market and resources of which they use it at very cheapest rate and make money ... our poor indian people are once again on the path of slaveness due to bad policies of illeterated and tea seller ... jumbebaj ... pm shri narender modi ji ... please .. think deep .. you will get all real picture of it ... jai kisan jai bjarat
apna mp se wheat rj me bechne kisan jayga usse jada to transport charg lg jayga
nice video , i think the farmer bills are very good for farmers and our country
very knowledgeable
thankyou so much sir for clearing our confusion
sir ap apni opinion hampe thop rhe hi , is act ke phle v kisan mandi se bahar bech skta tha , please correct
sir farm income pe tax kyu nahi hota ?
contract farming ,
disliked bcz.of too many ads .
great sir
v nice .. covered all positive n negative views of 3 bill also exam related questions
best video maine bht si video dkhi pr smjh crazy trick se hi aya thnk uu so much
farmers point : they are worried about price of their crop , msp gives some reliance , so they are demanding for it . common man point : if these bills will be implemented , then any registered company can buy and stock crop in unlimited quantity and store it till prices touch the sky , so black market will emerge and wheat which is around rs . 1800 per quintal will be more than this , no control will be of government on it , so common man have to pay high for food ( wheat , rice , vegitable , fruits etc etc )
hello sir , current situation of msp is a2 + fl.not a c2 + 50 . please clear doubts of student . you giving wrong example of deciding of msp .
jai hind brote
thanku sir it's very effective sir
please upload questions in english also so that we can understand
sir please gic aur pgt exam hone wala h world geography aur thinkers k bare me video bana dijiye taki help ho jaye
the best channel for gk
you r best teacher
video not clear
it's explanation so good . amazing
thanks for your great efforts
sie atleast notes jo sirf hindi mai de te ho wo english mai v dedo please english with hindi please taki english medium wale v aur achese padh payen no doubt aap ka chanel one of the best chanel but sir hindi mai hi kyn notes jo display hote hai usse english mai hi likh dijiye nahin to jo important line xm mai english mai puch jate hai usse to english mai highlights karwa sakte hain naa
thanks sir love you sir very nice sir thanku so much sir
good informtion
6 month 6 week tak rehta hai
incredible ... lajawab
sir kuch term jaise ke name of organization ... please english me translate karke batayega ..
3rd bill is very dengerous for every indian .. punjipatio dwara stockings kr ke whi chij very higher rate me bechega adani ambani
crazy gk trick best channel for gs gk
sir eak bar front camera aana .. apki awaz bohot familiar ho gaye hair .. thank you very much ...
sir i watched your video since long time but you tell me if farmer of mp will sell his grown in rajasthan so who gives his transprting cost
aap bhot accha samjate ho
very nice explained . the bill is not good for farmers
tsu jo ye bill h wo 60 percent glt h
thanks sir very nice sir
great
thanks sir
can we get pdf please
well explained in brief however there must have some explanation about land aquistion as well . overall it was good resource of authentic knowledge for me .
audio quality is poor
farmers point : they are worried about price of their crop , msp gives some reliance , so they are demanding for it . common man point : if these bills will be implemented , then any registered company can buy and stock crop in unlimited quantity and store it till prices touch the sky , so black market will emerge and wheat which is around rs . 1800 per quintal will be more than this , no control will be of government on it , so common man have to pay high for food ( wheat , rice , vegitable , fruits etc etc )
thank you very much mam & drishti ias team ...
voice clear nhi hai please change the explainer
only negative point
totally wrong information
bpsc mains ke liye super important topic
thq for information
you are the only one who showed the truth . jai jawan , jai kisan , jai vigyan
when these bills are so good and favourable for farmers then why these farmers apposing these bills ? as per these protest it seems that these protesters are not real farmers these are brokers who wants earn more profits than the real farmers who grows such agricultural products with their efforts . i support these bills
* * , ? , ? * * * * * * ! ! ! ? , 30 , 30 , , - , ? , , msp ..   .. ... ? , , ... ! * * * , , , , ? , ? ? , ? * * * ! - ? ! , , ... * * * , , ... ! ? - , .. ? , , .. 
 ..   .. , , ... , , ... manish singh reborn .
wishing for pollution free , pesticide free ( cancer free ) indian agriculture by 2025 with : 1 . net-metering solar panelled boundary walls with night lighting , solar pumps & drip / spray nutritious irrigation . 2 . all electric tractor , rotavator , harvester , thresher like farm equipments . 3 . grains / paddy stubble compost maker and compost distribution grid . 4 . farmville like visible e-marketplace where everyone can see online what others are growing very transparently with real time navic / bhuvan gps satellites and soil health card reports . here every farmer can put a price tag well before the crop mature , so that buyers , cultivators can line-up . 5 . online gps network for all government and private warehouses with transparent capacities , costs and facilities like nitrogen chambers and dehumidifiers . here also every farmer can put a price tag including warehousing fees for off-seasonal revenues . 6 . crop insurance settlement ratio is at par with world standards . 7 . all corrupt subsidies are converted into direct bank transfers / production linked incentives and liquidity control via kisan credit cards and cash credit accounts . for intellectuals & policymakers refinement and promotion ..
agreecultural bill 2020 me reforms hona chahiye ki koivi cintracts with farmers nehi hona chahiye . koivi goods sell karneke time me corporate or media ko importence nehi dena chahiye . msp ko change nehi hona chahiye . farmers direct sell of goods ko importance dena chahiye . koi kisise farming contract nehi chahiye . apmc ko reforms marna hain jaise ki goods sell agents system abolish honahi hain .
- because of international protests now modi feels scared . so he decided to take charge in d state where he had monopoly . perfect politics . now he will try to show to other countries that he has made the right decision by taking few states on his side . - beware he is going to silently start by giving money to poor people of mp . - if modi wants to divide wealth of rich . first spread ambani's property in poor people . modi ko aag isliye lagi ki bus punjab mein congress kyun ayi ! ! stop taking farmers land ... - as rajewal uncle mentioned , this aandolan is at its peak now . be disciplined . and be focused only on your demands of farming . - every pm in history has always acknowledged by being with the protestors atleast once . modi called only gujarat farmers after a suicide reported on 17th dec . why gujarat ? another clever move-a place where he knows he can buy supporters . - modi has free time for ambani's grandchild - modi bends his head in front of adani who has literally taken over gujarat . - we know govt . will not remove evm . so give us d option . let d people of india decide how they want to vote ? by ballot or evm .
i am a farmer & i strngly support new farm law
is this video available in english ?
please share pdf link of farm bill 2020
corporate sector ko badhawa dene wala bill hai .
black day black people's ..
apmc should be the key players between farmers and private corporates the contract farming should also be done between apmc and corporates based on the contract they also can ordered the farmers to crop as per ... apmc should organized the farmers and on behalf of the farmers apmc should deal with the corporates . here the new bill can increase the hold of private sector on farming which may leads the higher price of agriculture product in retail market and lower profit to farmers . it can also increase hoarding to increase price . the threat of farmers are true .
privatisation of agriculture nothing else ,
modi ji ka kon sa decision public interest mai , note mandi , lockdown , gst
this is stupidity .
jai hind , farmers and soldiers are our back bone very important . we have to support both . i request and urge all the readers and subscription members to download pdf of all 3 farm bill and read it by yourself . search in this name the farmers ( empowerment and protection ) agreement on price assurance and farm services act , 2020 guidelines price assurance and farm services act , 2020 . pdf search the script of original farm bill talked in lok sabha . read in your own regional language along with english the farm bill . this is one of the best solution . by reading your understanding and supporting the right cause . thanks
sr ek question tha ans dena - - - kya government teacher youtube video bna sakta h qki esse wo paisa kmata h but government teacher ko tution nahi pdana hota h
thank u so much sir
vikas sir ko ek detail class dena chahiye is topic pr jisse sbko ek clear information mile ... nhi toh bhtt channels political party k oppose or support krte hue explain kr rhe h bill ko .. jisse kafi log mislead horhe
sir one concept talk on krishi bill or kisan aandolan
vikas sr is andolan pr ek video banay wo hi ache se smjha paenge
good explanation
vikash sir please describe deeply
murder of democracy
delhi parliament itself needs reforming and modernisation . passing of the 3 farmers bills is testimony of failures in following the rule books of parliament . a handful of people decided the fate of millions without debates and consultations . a bill that is passed under controversial circumstances should not become law . on 20 september 2020 , in parliament the rule book was ignored by the chairman . 1 . the rule book says that if a voice vote is challenged by any member , the chairman must ask for a division . under no circumstances must a chairman ignore this demand . the chairman ignored this demand . 2 . audio and broadcasting was censored in parliament when division was demanded by opposition so the public could not see it . 3 . bjp did not have enough numbers to pass the bill so it rushed it in an undemocratic way . 4 . voice vote is only chosen where 70 percent of members support a bill . this bill did not meet that criteria so voice vote does not apply . however , the chairman decided to go ahead with voice vote and for his ears , it was a yes . voice vote is not recorded so it's open to controversy . 5 . when members stood from their seats , the rule book says that parliament should have been adjourned . the chairman did not adjourn the parliament . he rushed the bill through instead . 6 . opposition requested the bills to be put forward to a select committee . the chairman denied them that opportunity , again against the rule book . 7 . not enough time was given for the bill to run in gujrat as a trial . gujratis have not openly praised the bills . 8 . bjp refused to have a debate on the bills . they rushed them through . 9 . there are 4 ways of voting : voice vote , counting vote , voting recorder or votes by lobbying . the weakest voting method is voice vote . there is no permanent record in voting this way . this bill was rushed through voice votes . this should not have happened . it is the weakness of the chairman and this bill was too important to be treated this way . 10 . eight mp's were suspended from parliament that day . this left the house empty . 15 bills were passed through parliament in the absence of these suspended mp's because the opposition was eliminated . this is not democracy . it is no where near democracy . the pm has a lot to answer for .
a few comments have been seen stating that the indian flag was disrespected on 26 january 2021 at the red fort . it is false that a khalistani flag was displayed at the red fort on that day . the indian flag remained untouched on 26 january 2021 at the red fort . an empty pole was used by an individual to display the nishan sahib . it is questionable as to how these individuals managed to enter the red fort , which is traditionally sealed off three days before 26 january parade . nishan sahib was first used as a symbol by guru hargobind sahib ji in the 17th century . it is a flag that signifies a sikh gurdwara and is displayed in around 40,000 gurdwaras across india . a nishan sahib is a sacred flag for the sikh community , under which sikhs do selfless service unconditionally without expecting any rewards in return . to recognise a nishan sahib : it is orange in colour with a khanda in the middle . there is no other writing on it .
demockracy ! ! ! this government is embarrassing india on the world stage !
the similar bill was tried to be passed during congress rule ... and bjp opposed it .. why ... ? ? do they have answers for these ..
shame on you bjp government & modi ji you're biggest scammer .
what a shame . even one member protests in voice vote , it has to go on vote . total mockery of democracy .
i want to say this to the government .. yaar kyu aag se khel rahey ho .. kisan aapka voter hai middlemen aapka voter hai daily wages worker aapka voter hai kyu majaak kar rahey ho apne countrymen ke saath .
gandi government of india
the way this bill was passed in rajya sabha has left me in shock.this is something that everyone should be really worried about.everything else can be debated but the way this bill was passed is something no one in their right mind would agree with . the opposition wasnt even allowed to speak . the rajya sabha tv was cut off when the members of the opposition were actually speaking . the opposition wanted to send the resolutions to the committee and they werent able to . the opposition wanted a vote on farmers bill , that did not happen either . gone are the days when the democracy was destroyed by a complete dictatorship . now the dictators create an illusion of democracy . this is what is happening now . the opposition is in jail in kashmir , the journalists are in jail , the dissent is being silenced with the help of draconian laws like uapa . this is what happens when you put uncivilized people in charge of the nation . they have never learnt to follow the rules . modi cares about bjp first , then about the country . he needs those funds through those electoral bonds to fight the elections.this bill is what the corporates get in exchange for those juicy bonds .
ndtv is congress ' chamcha
why this is not being shown by most news channels ? ? ?
let the farmers be the boss for a change . no more rotting of their produces and most importantly no more sucide . no offense to anyone but farmers of punjab and haryana are far from what could classified as poor farmers and yet the poor farmers of maharastra , up , bihar are not protesting but relatively properous landowners of punjab and haryana are . state govr and apmcs of some states band together to suck fci dry and hoard most of denefit of fci and msp , even though its for whole of nation but who cares , its not like most farmers sympathizers actually care or know about farmers anyway . p . s m not a supporter of bjp / rss but doesnt mean whatever they do is always 100 % negative . in simple m not bias :-)
there is nothing wrong with this bill ... farmers should have their right to sale to whoever they want ...
to give more independent to farmers for sale their products ... whats the wrong ? ... ye logo ko kui fhaat raha hai ? ...
jio mart monopoly bill
ndtv seems to be biased in reporting
i am a farmer the bill given by bjp was very good for farmers and the state governments was fighting against the bill because they will loose they camishans in markets and muslims never support bjp and his activities they are giving bad comments that's it
the government didn't have numbers but the bill get passed but it is also seen as an achievement of bjp god can only save indian democracy
your channel's volume without earphones is very low .
desi gobar khad for our farmers please ... promote natural farming ... no more toxic pesticide & infection prone expensive gmo seeds
how this bill becomes controversial when it is passed from rajya sabha
shame to opposition for this behaviour
we don't care what dirty politics cpi and congy plays on farm bill . country knows the govt passed bill in favour of small and marginal farmers to make profit to sell outside apmc mandis . till date middle man has minted money . we support center on farm bill 2020 .
i support farm bills ... farmers should be giving right to sell at any place and for any price ! ! middle men are looting farmer for 60 years ! ! most middle men are councilors and party men ... i support farm bill ! ! this is long pending demand of farmer to eliminate middle men ... only punjabis and haryana is not only farming people in india ! ! see other country farmers they are doing suicide with current laws
no electronic voting ... why ? ? ?
log wohi biswas karenge , jo news channel dikhayenge . ndtv is anti-national
as expected , ndtv says it " two controversial bills " .. lol
wait ? is this the death of democracy ?
wow bhai
really wrong things happen save indias save india humanity
fck off bjp
who else came straight to the comments ? s s s
good mediator ... keep up the good journalism
yogendra yadav top farmer and middle man of the year 2021 without owning a farm and getting money from china
this , not the right time pass this kind of act .. this bill pass by listening , voice viting ooy or no .. when some people , start opposing .. thay were not listened , and they were suspended .. 0:40 please show the starting of this issue ..
govt ke control me aatahe toh itna farmer suicide hota he .. agar private player ke bharosa chod diya toh kiya nehi hoga .. u comparing agriculture with business .. itna to dimag hum me bhi he ...
rahul ji .. aap govt clg ko mandi se compare kar rahe ho .. mandi se kishan income karta he and clg me money spend karte he ...
what students leaders are to south indian politics ... farm mandi leaders are to north indian politicis . modi govt should bring this bill .. farmers will benifit immensely ... new technology will be brought by mnc and govt red tapism will decrease
mr rahul ... actually in 2011 , and 2013 congress brought this bill to introduce . for some vested intrest they could not doit , now the same bill is introduced by nda . what is the problem for congress and opposition . such bills does not require standing committe recommendations . after long time the poor former got the rights to sell his crop , where ever he wants to sell , we do not understand why souch hue and cry and for all of us it looks like a hypocracy . and it looks like india to day is a part of this game .
modi government is a fraud they are looting indians
yoginder is a chor covered by beard
important question is who will establish private mandi just like congress n simillar partys taken oven gov . mandis bjp also give liscen to there close persions , and they will be new thekedar of this new mandis like ambani adani would be new private mandi owner .. this is also one question .. who will get benifite ..
yogendra yadav says that farmers are already allowed to sell products to private traders . they also showed the fact that 94 % of farmers are already selling their products to private traders . now , how come all of sudden the data will be gone ? i think that is a bs argument . but i agree with the question of why no debate was allowed . that's a fair question to ask the bjp government . a good debate hosted by rahul .
shame shame , rahul kanwal is modis favourite canine pet ! down with the godi media speaking through their sphincters all the while and delivering farts through the evening !
the law should cover head load goons in kerala for bleeding the farmers
do you wish to be famous , wealthy and powerful ? be part of this elite organization called the illuminati brotherhood filled with world leaders , business authorities , artists , and be given ( 500,000 usd ) as your monthly benefit and also be given a new house of choice . reply me by saying yes ... if interested ... whatsapp contact + 2781867941 5
these politicians are just distorting the bill just like caa
quality of govt universities better than private universities . but look at govt schools and govt hospitals .
but us and europe do not have mandis .
then suggest how the govt should get the data .
farmers can still sell to the govt mandis .
good journalism will thrive if good people pay for it . pls subscribe to theprint here : <url> this also includes the link for overseas subscribers . thank you all
i definitely love print and have subscribed and will keep it subscribed ... however , in case you go behind the wall ( funded ) how will i know ... probably , will read it as biases . overall i love cut the clutter !
free market would serve companies and capitalism though what r ur stances on that ? what do u feel about coorperate ownership of land ? debate on those otherwise there isnt much significance conservative ( in the real sense ) , enviroment , technology is making us unliveable .
90 % of the indian cultivators are very poor not capable of transporting products to big distance so it is funney
support store and black marketing
you don't need tell the farmer they know everything only.this is a political game agitation is nothing all those people who came to dharns they come for free food and shelters anybky any where in the world if there is free food band shelters you can bring the people so govt is not worried about the agitation but the govt have a right to take action against those who vendslise the property's they should be held responsible but modi is not doing anything this is a big failures on the part of modi now it is the right time for modi to pick up his jhola and go back to himalaya and the yogi should be the pm and he deserves because he is the real the
i think farm laws are a way to empower farmers , the laws may not be perfect as of now but at least their is an initiative . presence of government agents , middlemen has dwindled the ability of the farmers to grow from a labor to businessman . some may be exploited but that will thrive them to grow . people in india want to have the same lifestyle and income as rich developed countries like us , canada but they don't want to work for it , they want it be handed to us by the government for no extra effort or cost . people need to grow out their mindset best form of governance is self governance .
you are amazing ! love your frankness
good explanation ! to understand farm bill also listen to p . sainath on youtube .. he says farm bill is the corporate hijack of india <url> listen to the colin gonsalves , senior advocate of the supreme court of india and the founder of human rights law network ... this bill is unfair to farmers and is a fight is for the heart and soul of india . <url>
whoa , congress wanted to deregulate the agro sector ? and now they oppose it ? i'm for deregulation but wtf ?
sir , you should have done this episode in hindi and in local language so that the farmers should have correctly understand these new farm laws
its people like this who rad stats but are a million miles away from the reality on the ground and dont understand why the majority of india is poor and why the rich are richer and making the poor poorer . people say so much and do so little as they destroy india as they spout the rubbish there corporations tell them . this guy is a fraud
i'm watching him for first time , can anyone tell me is this one pro bjp , i'm just wanna make sure should i have to another video , or it's a genuine one
why can't this type of information be telecasts on national tv
farm laws are beneficial for farmers . only politics going on . these politicians can do anything to come in power . so that they can earn money by corruption in each government scheme or tenders . politics is a multimillion business .
3 farm laws comprises of 18 pages please read it . btw if bjp would have been in opposition they atleast don't not go to fake left rallies which illegally occupies roads and they don't seek support of foreigners to malign indian image ! ! they protest in parliament
great clarification on the 3 reform bills thank you !
so hey , i was having a chat with dad wrt opposition claim on msp . has the price of msp been specified in the 3 acts , with a rider of course that it will be reviewed every year by a select committee or some such body , not only by bureaucrats ? apparently , just to say that msp remains is not enough . to say that it is being restored to its original intent of being minimum support price and not , what it has become , maximum sale price will not do . do throw some light on that . also , farmers in odisha are agitating for a while against bjd govt that the token system to sell produce to the mandi is flawed and how many farmers haven't been able to sell . sonepur and bargarh are the rice bowls in western odisha and they are unhappy . others too , but they are more visible . that is also where bjp wins in odisha . so , could we have a series on farm issues , on whether problems vary state to state ? cheerio
govt . need to have a seperate agency to act as a business resource center for the farmers in each state that they can go to ; to give them business guidance , teach them business & negotiating skills etc . without that , it's like throwing them out of the ship and they're saying , they don't even know how to swim !
hats off to you sir
rewatch rewatch rewatch this is a gem !
dear shekhar in arthat i lalan top anshuman tiwari with darpan has pointed out the core issue and its absence in these farm laws . if you can please give your views on this aspect of the issue ?
we need a video for journalism aspirants sir ! ! !
balanced viewpoints on farm laws . hope the agitating farmers are made aware of this
i hope rihanna watches this video .
shekhar we are happy to contribute but let us hear some good things about hindustan and build a strong narrative of hindustan . not against the establishment or government . you support people and media who are anti nationals like rahul gandhi , likes of mulayam , tajaswies , mayawatis , captain amrinder etc . this is not good . give a good narrative of strong bharat / hindustan .
please let us know if you have this in hindi . its for farmers in india . thanks
sir ye info kha se late ho himachal k apple poore india me jaate . rajasthan k keenu maharashtra jaate sir kuch toh reality bolo
wish people really understood what this govt is doing . blind faith is what is leading to this unrest.lets keep our india one , do not divide . let the people of this nation live in peace & harmony .
stop this bullshit
you are a dishonest bastard
very clear video sir ! ! ! people need to see this .
i dont understand what shekhar says . only in a free market , there are possibilities for many intermediaries between the producers and the consumers . in the regulated market , there is only one government agency between them . when there is excess supply , prices fall in a free market , and the msp is only discretion that the government may or may not exercise . but in the regulated market , there can be political and public pressure on the government to give msp for the farm products . in india , our farm production has far exceeded our need . that is the reason why farmers prefer a regulated market where msp is assured . from the farmers point of view , their opposition to the free market is in their interest .
i was expecting my blood to boil but was pleasantly surprised from your unbiased opinions . showing concerns over a new law is healthy but these ' poor farmers ' in their range rovers are just embarrassing the country .
shekhar gupta is only genuine journalist in left eco system
i am doing a phd in economics and i can say with utmost confidence that none of your arguments make sense . with all due respect , most of your video argues that we need reforms in farming . everyone agrees that we needs reforms , especially the farmers who are committing suicides due to lack of good reforms . but what reforms do we need ? ! you have said nothing about how the free market reforms will help farmers ! why on earth will the free market care about farmers suicides ? ! the reforms have to be in the left direction ( more protection ! ) . the current reforms are in the right direction ( which ironically is wrong ! ) . you just showed some antique documents and old laws and quoted specific professors . but not a single argument about why free market is better for farmers ! ! after everything that happened in india during covid , corporates got richer and stock markets soared while the labourers lost jobs and livelihoods - how can you still trust the free market to give farmers fairer prices ? it won't be long before gujarati businessmen control the market for food , making both consumers and farmers suffer ! a waste of 30 mins of my life ! i just wanted to hear good solid economic arguments and all i saw is indubitable faith in free markets , which don't give a rat's ass about farmers ' livelihoods . i will not pay for your biased neoliberal journalism .
minecraft " " asmr " " pewdiepie " " music " " fortnite " " markiplier " youtube is a perfectly balanced game with no exploits . " runescape " " world of warcraft " " shadowlands " " dream " " mrbeast " " warzone " " faze clan " " 100 thieves " " call of duty " " pokemon " " pokemon cards " " card unboxing " " charizard " " they don't want you to know " " flat earth " " round earth " " triangle earth " " earth is not earth " " what even is earth if not earth omg government is lying to you " " minecraft " " asmr " " pewdiepie " " music " " fortnite " " markiplier " youtube is a perfectly balanced game with no exploits . " runescape " " world of warcraft " " shadowlands " " dream " " mrbeast " " warzone " " faze clan " " 100 thieves " " call of duty " " pokemon " " halo " " devil may cry " youtube is a perfectly balanced game with no exploits . cocomelon t series minecraft " " asmr " " pewdiepie " " music " " fortnite " " markiplier " youtube is a perfectly balanced game with no exploits . " runescape " " world of warcraft " " shadowlands " " dream " " mrbeast " " warzone " " faze clan " " 100 thieves " " call of duty " " pokemon " " pokemon cards " " card unboxing " " charizard " " they don't want you to know " " flat earth " " round earth " " triangle earth " " earth is not earth " " what even is earth if not earth omg government is lying to you " " minecraft " " asmr " " pewdiepie " " music " " fortnite " " markiplier " youtube is a perfectly balanced game with no exploits . " runescape " " world of warcraft " " shadowlands " " dream " " mrbeast " " warzone " " faze clan " " 100 thieves " " call of duty " " pokemon " " halo " " devil may cry " youtube is a perfectly balanced game with no exploits . cocomelon t series 24
but farmers are not getting the msp outside apmc for rice and wheat .
" reform in india takes place only under compulsion "
i don't know how but gupta ji had turned from a liberal to netural yeh kaise hua kyon hua pta ni but it's good .
i normally don't pay for what's available for free ! but i thought to myself that if i don't pay now for whatever reason this amazing content might go away ! but generally i think you should start offering a mix of free vs paid content and kickstart the revenue engine ! as a now ' paid ' subscriber , i have one request ! could you cut the clutter around lal bahudur shastri's death ! it perplexes me on how an indian pm was likely killed and no one wants to talk about it !
shekhar gupta , you have not done your homework here . you think we farmers are all dumb illiterate schmucks ? arey we are more educated and informed than you on this matter . if you haven't sold yourself out , then come to a protest site and we'll teach you the truth about these laws you armchair ignoramus . and till you apologize for undermining our fight for our rights in this appalling manner , i'm unsubscribing print . your loss this and we don't need your help . jai jawan , jai kisan , jai hind
" why is the whole world not watching first and then talking about this video ? "
if i see fair journalism as it should be without personal bias reporting . i will contribute money . sick of personal fake reports around the world . i have stopped watching or hearing news because of this .
shekhar gupta ji , i completely concur with you the idea of paying for good ( and unbiased ) news . however , please don't type cast all the people who live abroad as pizza eaters and mc donalds goers .
wow makes more sense
dear sir : agreed that punjab and haryana farmers are doing well and they want the current status quo to continue . but there are other farmers in the rest of india who want to scale up and do something . for example , kerala farmers are all ready to scale up on jack fruit powder and are making arrangements for cold storage system which will be made available through fpo ( farmer producer organizations ) . like this there are many many examples . if punjab and haryana are happy with status quo then so be it .
shekhar , you deserve the bharat ratna for your lifetime of journalism with integrity and brilliance . your analysis of the farm bills is the best ive seen . i am your biggest fan . as much as you support these bills , you , in your other report , criticise the governments handling of the protests . i agree with you on both counts . objective journalism at its best . you are a journalistic jewel .
i am an nri . how can i contribute and pay for cut the clutter ?
this is fair journalism
very good explaination sir
one debacle after another demonetization , bad implementation of gst , badky planned lockdown , throwing economy into doldrums . noclue ad to how to cone out like " parma vyooh " a nd therefore choose a reform through ordinance route to tell 5he world " oh.india is marching " ... we with china sitting on border .. this duo will bring in more debacles to the country
surely good journalism requires you to point out what is likely to happen after deregulation . in the us , the 1996 farm bill was introduced with promises of farmers being able to sell abroad and thereby increase commodity demand . however , in 1998 , 42,000 us farmers with less a turnover of less than $ 250,000 dollars disappeared because prices fell in 1998 . small family farms disappeared and large corporations with deeper pockets thrived by streamlining distribution and driving prices down . " this is great new for the consumer " i hear you shout . yes maybe in the first instance , but later when these corporations whose primary aim is profit , start buying farms ( which they no doubt will do ) india will go the way of the us ... ie , prices and supply being dictated by corporations who create virtual monopolies and offshore tax structures that benefit their shareholders and deprive indians of proper tax revenues and choices . yes the current system requires changing but do not be fooled by promises of exports and globalisation . global markets are very often more volatile that local markets . surely a better way is to find a middle ground . deregulate the outdated systems , but at the same time enshrine in law some method of protecting its own people from corporate greed . source : " exported to death " economic policy institute 1999
the most balanced and realistic and practicable approach to the present crisis over farm laws . kudos to shekhar gupta .
like you if bjp was in opposition may be they would have protested but not in such a dirty way
most unbiased journalism i find in the print . all others shd learn from shekhar gupata . kudos
amanda cerny is also a business women apart from her nonsensical vlog .. she did this purely for exposure .. she is an opportunist .. she know her name will appear everwhere thus increasing her insta and fb profile .. she knows it .. we called these people hypocrites .. and for the farmers issue we all know that 99 % havent read the laws or tried to understand how middle man agent steal money from the farmers , , but rihanna did the same thing as deepika padukone doing a vague tweet same a jnu deepuka .. deepika just went there without saying a word .. god paid her money 5 crores .. rihanna did the same thing .. i think she is friend with deepika .. same rotten fish .. all this finance by bar dancer sonia
i tried to pay 3 times atleast . some issue with google pay link on theprint page
please look at past examples ... if you can see with open mind .. with due respect ... middleman is not going away ... previously it is ppl ... who relate to kisan ... and distributed all over ... but as per this law thi will increase the power of middleman ... and that too will go in few hands .. . please remember jamidara in past days ..
liked the way you presented .. frankly i was against the print but you changed my perception . good journalism .
time to unfollow you guys ambani chamcha
amazing job explaining all these complicated stuff by cutting the clutter . i may have had a few disagreement with the print on occasions due to some misunderstandings but the way sg elaborate s stuff i'll make amends . subscribed again
all these bills will ultimately lead to inflation and the final losers will be common public a day will come when dal and chaval will be more expensive than tv and fridges the monthly budget of people who are lower middle class will crash and government will have no say in it because they will have every aspect of essential services outsourced .
i am sad to comment this , reforms in so many issues are pending , for example , rape cases are increasing , money laundering is increasing , custodial deaths are increasing and many more . why can't stringent laws be implemented and girl child be protected with new ammendments and forcefully implied with immediate effect ? why are we still having cases pending in courts inspite of fast-track courts ? why isn't inflation being controlled ? why isn't the government being for the people of our country ? somebody's gain is definitely going to be somebody's loss . in this case the government who is very selective on certain issues have to discuss it in parliament . why wasn't it debated in parliament then ? what was the hurry for this ammendment ? there are so many other issues like the borders being protected . they should have protected the borders like what they have done today . not barricading , not nailing and digging of roads , fencing etc , with our farmers . what they are doing today , they should have done before ammendment of laws . everything can't be taken for granted .
please cut the clutter . if intension is to cut the clutter , the video must start with the gazette notification of the 3 laws and your interpretation about its implications . not by inculcating the idea in our minds that how all political parties has same openion . please tell me what happens when people / corporates with large money can store unregulated amount of fram goods and sell it at a higher price later . in one word stockpiling .
its not monopoly ; its monopsony
the only channel which presented a neutral view on the farm laws . i don't support bjp but i still support the farm laws after understanding the economics behind it .
that he could not see the need of msp makes me really question his ethics . legalising msp which is calculated based on surplus tally is the right thing to be done for the farmers . ie wheat's msp should go down so that farmers will migrate to more economically viable crops .
much better and sensible explanation by news laundry <url>
mr shekhar gupta if these open markets system will do so good why is that it has failed in bihar for 14 years now and why this system failed in europe and america so rich and sophisticated countries answer this
why are ur videos soooooo lennnghy . u can more effectively convey the message in 10min . can't u cut down noisy sentences . difficult to watch for 30minutes . u r not mr.modi
i couldn't get the point how will the private players pay higher than msps for the produce ? and what if these pvt players form a cartel that might exploit the farmers in future ?
but sir don't you thick ultimately the bpl category and lower middle class will suffer ... because ultimately the price is born by us ... private sector can set whatever the price from the customer
i feel like farmers would have benefitted more had sir negotiated with the government rather than the farmer leaders
thank u so much sir ...
excellent analysis . this channel is such a relief from the cacophony of what is purportedly indian tv news . we get in-depth analysis based on facts here rather than a shouting match between opinionated personalities on tv . such sane journalism is a cornerstone of any civilized society and needs our enthusiastic support . i just made my financial contribution and urge others to do so as well . ( i am not associated in anyway with this channel . )
india setting up new standard ..
why bihar farmers poor if these laws already there ?
i support the amendment done in the agriculture bill . it will give market access to the farmers and liberate the farmers from the old mandi system which is purely exploitative and embedded with corruption . while every sector has embraced reforms and privatization , why the so-called intellectuals have been living on the bread and butter of private sectors are opposing this bill .
watch a video at below link to understand the msp system and impact on farmers from a son of a farmer . <url>
mr gupta , you cut the clutter well but its one sided . all this is your opinion without any other challenges .. what makes yr opinion , no matter how learned , the clearest one ? get someone to challenge your pointa also . that way we will get a better well rounded view .
mr gupta pls have a conversation with p sainath abt farm laws
download our app - <url> follow dr gaurav garg on facebook - <url> follow dr gaurav garg on instagram - <url> join dr gaurav garg's telegram channel - <url> follow dr mahipal rathore on instagram - <url> follow dr mahipal rathore on facebook - <url> follow prashant mavani on facebook : <url> follow ankit agrawal on twitter : <url> follow ankit agrawal on facebook : <url> follow ankit agrawal on instagram : <url>
reasons seem logically correct ... & valid ...
best analysis which no one tells !
first option of corporates entering farms business looks main reason
one of the best video of studyiq well described farm laws 2020
reform in agricultural sector is need of hour . agricultural sector must be liberalised just like other sector and private investment is much needed ! govt need to do that properly . jai hind !
nice analysis sir
thank u so much sir
good to here some sane logic on these acts .. , ,
this is very knowledgeble video .
nicely explained a lesser known fact about this issue . i'm not a govt job aspirant but your videos are a very good alternative to mainstream media .
yes that's true ! good analysis.thx
hamare yahan odisha mein log bahut hi kam msp use karte hein , sirf rice hin msp mein bechha jata he . jinke paas jamin he yahan par wo log kheti nehin karte hein , small farmer wo jamin leke kheti karte hein , aaur msp mein jiska jamin he wo fayda uthatha he . jo farmer din rat mehnat karta he usse rice quintal 1000/1100 mein lete hein aaur msp mein leke 1700/1800 mein bech te hein . alag hi dhanda chal raha hey yahan . bahut state hein jo farmer bill ku support kar rehe hein . paar mandi kavi v band nehi hona chahiye , jo v he kuch farmers ko to fayda ho rha hey na .
yogender yadav is making prejudicestic opinion out of unauthentic presumptions that sarkari mandis will collapse after a year
as per yogendra yadav a sociologist professor feels dr.swaminathan report a useless one.since when yogendra yadav started to believe government organizations are spotless and no hera pehri takes place . look at the psu . recently 900 crores worth of simple hand grenade and ammunition accumulated since 2014 was put it dump .
the demand yadav is making is that penal provisions be included that , if anybody buys farm produce below msp , he will be put to trial and punishment . in case it is done it is sure that the produces will rotten if there is oversupply in the market . take the example of wheat . if oversupply is there for wheat ( which can be easily produced ) , the excess produce will not be purchased by anybody due to fear of legal provisions . so the demand for penal provisions is utter foolishness . it will put especially small and medium farmers into more trouble .
we are againts theses bills
the rat ( india today ) has been caught in the trap ( yogendra yadav )
anybody got the link to the whole debate ? also , isn't it pretty clear that msp is levied on the produce that the govt procures ( and with limited type of crops ) ? and the govt only procures a small quantity , others have to anyway work their way in the private market . i'm a mango trader ( partially a famer too ) and i've sold through private channels / corporates so to say , and i've made much more than i would if i were to sell through the apmc .
stop adaniaisation and ambaniaisation of india.why this govmt destroying india by introducing such cruel bills and only concerned about gober kangana's matters .
shame on u rahul , do some ground research . stop being an fake anchor like arnab n navika n all . shame shame
this guy yadav is a parasite who has nothing to do with farmers and it's movement . this guy will want to keep our farmers poor so that jokers like him could enjoy like the union leaders .
rahul kanwal is pure bjp agent ... bjp borrowed large sum of money from chinese banks after lac issue ... even tik tok has given 30 crores to pm care fund for corona ... do they have shame getting money from enemy ... but pm preaches to boycott chinese products
the bill benifits only the bastard businessmen .
the farm bills will help farmers & consumers . yadav & the congress goons should be ignored .
looks rahul is defending the bill
i am a resident of karnataka . take the case of onion when the price in market is rs . 15 and 17 the peasant get a price of 6 . this is fact as of now . so why can't we try for a new system where even getting a price of 8 will be a great leap forward for the peasant .
iam from karnataka , protestors are brokers and middleman in apmc , fearing they might loose power and hold on farmers .
contract farming benefits / traditional ( desi wheat ) is available <user> . 150 to rs 250 rupees a kilogram at amazon & flip cart . elder farmers know how to cultivate " desi wheat / " but because of huge cost and lack of purchasers and less yield as compared to varieties purchased on msp they are helpless . but if there is assured purchase by contract farming will it benefit or harm health & economy of punjab / haryana farmer's ? prof . ( dr . ) prem khosla
this bill is in favour of farmers , these people are distracting them .
modi govt doesn't seem farmers friendly .. after passing the farmer amendment bill
why you don't you bring a kisan leader ... who better understands the ground realities . as this government has completely denied to take consultations from stakeholders in nearly every legislation . this is very worrying trend which is leading our country to a authoritarian regime . and you so called news channels has became cheerleaders of government .
its unfortunate that so much falsehood is being spread against contract farming bill . fact of matter us that the pafc , on behalf of the punjab government is already promoting contract farming on a large scale to bring necessary diversifi-cation in the state . the pafc is following a tripartite agreement between the farmer , the pafc and the companies providing seeds , extension services and buy back guarantees to the farmers . a few other multinational and indigenous companies are also directly procuring their raw material from the farmers . ordinary people don't know these details and are easily mislead by emotional exploitation by ultra slogans of those who are using farmers as a tool for political goals .
there are more than many medicinal plants / herbs that can be grown in many parts if punjab & haryana . but due to lack of purchasers ( / ) a farmer can not think if growing these . but with contract farming so many firms / herbal / ayurveda houses will come forwards to purchase them via contract farming . p rod . ( dr . ) prem khosla
the people reading this : im sending you virtual hugs to anybody that needs it ! stay safe everyone and stay positive ! my dream is to hit 5k , its free to help for any nice people
it may be little rough but what even ma'am summarised indicates that true benefits will be accrued by those who have been the picture of every ' garib kisan ' campaign while true loss is for those cartel sized big farmers who have been enjoying those benefits the only con was how the mps participated in the discussion of passage of this bill .
u r the best maam u explained so well without taking any bodies side ( by your analysis and study on this topic ) i used to see your videos to understand particular topic
can i give bci exam and become a advocate without llb or ug course in law , but rather self study .
when goverment tell u they guarantee for msp
reformed farmers laws can be amended
consumer is not going to get benefit in any way . new market will give entry to adanis n ambanis which also will bring monopoly n complete control over prices . so if farmer earlier was selling at 10rs a particular product and end consumer getting same product at rs40 . in new system ambanis adanis will buy from farmer at may be 12rs and sell to end consumer at rs40 only . these big retailers will pocket whole profit of rs28 . ( which was going to various middlemen before )
covered all perspectives
niti aayog report 2016 , , 81 % are aware about msp .
mam , i can't focus on lecture due to your cuteness , please make some distance from camera
why this video is of poor audio quality . i really liked all your videos except this one ? a disappointed tamilian
you have amazing teaching skills
in panjab state the msp provide on vegitables .
thanks mam , your lectures are very good . i follow you .
your simplicity at your best , however priya just a point ; the 6 % number thrown up by shantakumar committee need to have a perspective . as pointed only 22 products are part of msp statute , so we need to understand a ) how much % of the farmer base of our country will be covered by these 22 products . b ) then of these subset of farmers growing 22 msp products , the ones making use of it should be derived . am sure this number will be a lot higher than 6 % as the base changes from all farmers to farmers coming under msp purview .
what remedies for farmers problem no clear anser
is it apmc or aplm act ? i can't understand this ... agricultural produce livestock marketing act . kindly please explain this mam
you teach better and we understand easily for your teaching style
english subtitle please
please redo the session again keepingbur students away
madam i have query how bihar up farmers selling their crop in apmc of punjab ? how are they allowed ? arnt they supposed to sell it only at apmc in up or bihar as per apmc act ? kindly explain
ma'am 2nd act jo h usme traders n monopoly set krli ya phr y fix kr lia ki ek particular cost s jyyada vo nahi purchase krenge ... tb bhi farmers ko prblm aaegi
ma'am but apmc nahi rahengi to farmer agr haryana ka hai to vo maharastra tk agr product sell krne jaega to transportation cost , perishable goods damage hone ka chance bhi to increase ho jaega farmer ko profit kse hua
please come to the point
please come to the point ..
thanks a lot mam ji
facts she stated only 6 % of farmers get msp and 81 % of farmers don't know if msp exists and bihar farmers can sell directly to consumer , the facts she didn't disclose these 6 % farmers are from haryana , punjab , western up and parts of rajasthan the 81 % that doesn't know about msp are from states that has no mandi system and bihar farmers are the poorest in the country with an income of 3500 per month . so unless she can explain to me how is haryana and punjab state govt's are responsible for these protests even when an assured msp in mandis of haryana and punjab is not responsible for a better condition ( compared to rest of the nation ) she should keep her politically motivated opinion to herself .
she covered most of the things but forgot the land ceiling in 60s and early 70s and how it destroyed agriculture .
if these acts are in favour of farmers then what is the reason of these protests ? i am still confused ( only here )
mam plz make video only discussing about those 3 rules . i mean - what are these 3 farm rules
fan of yours great explanation man
u said as per earlier law farmers cannot sell outside apmc . so where were 94 % farmers selling till now , assuming that only 6 % get msp . those 94 % farmers hv been selling in open markets at a pittance of msp
who guarantees to purchase the farm produce on msp , if apmc is not purchasing .
thanks for providing deep knowledge regarding farm law and now i'm clear with the problem
because in comparison to other state punjab and haryana get less benefit .
lots of information simply getting repeated , taxing the audience . pls organise your thoughts before presentation .
u divert too much . make ur explanations crisper
great
man could you please speak in english also in some difficult concepts to understand for students of manipur also in later videos if you dont mind .
awesome teacher
your political ideology shouldn't be your genre of content .
1 . why don't they reform what's already there ? remove arthiyas from the existing system and create farmer to consumer market controlled by government . 2 . corporations are getting the control and farmer bears the risk . you're speaking on the books , works under ideal conditions . you claim if 50 % of it's implemented , the bills will work . which part of 50 % are you speaking of ? 3 . 30:47 is proof that government doesn't do what it says . there's msp , but government cannot mandate that arthiyas pay msp , how will it execute the new farm bills as promised ? 4 . what arthiyas are doing , how can you guarantee the companies won't do that when the bills don't protest against monopoly or indian law . 5 . 36.19 that farmers don't know msp , every one knows in punjab what msp is . you're detached from reality . 6 . nowhere you spoke of the different between marginal and rich farmers . you're applying these bill equally to all , the rich farmer is not even impacted . it's the marginal farmers who won't avail the empowerment bill . they don't have the production to break even . - what are the monopoly laws in india ? - what jio did to bnsl is what contract farming will do to apmc . 7 . 48:01 - protest is not driven by taxes , you're absolutely clueless . who the hell told you the farmers don't know what msp is ? get to know what's happening in punjab , not your news media knowledge . 8 . apmc will definitely go away . there is nothing in the bills that ensures apmc is going to stay . 9 . you think ideal and think the companies will work with farmers . 10 . 52.57 - when will this happen that msp will be set and who will impose it on the companies ? if that's the case , why isn't it dictated in the bills ? 11 . 53.17 - well then the government should have come prepared with legislative bills before passing these bills . do we make a baby in india before getting married ? 12 . lots of good bookish knowledge , but she's clueless , she's regurgitating what her professors taught her .
17:42 yes , every country's structure is different , but united state's law and order and monopoly laws are far superior to indias . india doesn't even take action against monopoly . you're overlooking crucial issues and dismissing them . your answer that the structure's are different is not conducive . please give a stronger argument why these would work in india , when they didn't work in the us or bihar ( and bihar is already in india ) .
11:17 how does it not matter that msp isn't there ? it affects people who grow one those 22 crops , which is majority of punjab and haryana .
what is time stamp where you ; re discussing the problems in the present farm bill ? ? ?
i don't think farmers are there because the govt of the state they live in will have no income ! ! i mean come on ... we have farmers on road . i think the farmer community has apprehensions about the ways this govt employs to do what they want . there's no wonder that they think eventually they will get rid of apmc which would mean no msp . and then no matter how man protection you have under law , normal people won't be able to employ them to fight the corporates at times when they need it . on ground our justice system is so pathetic , that forget farmers , even a layman doesn't wanna land into that spat ! ! they just wanna avoid things ... all of these flaws will illuminate as this law land to reality which btw is a part of execution . secondly i think farmers look at msp in a different way , they are not happy and they get a sense of insurance from that . it might look like i am irate but i am not . you do great job . i know how you inferred that why only punjab and haryana farmers are protesting , but it's not true . i think there was a well established system that farmers had in punjab which they never wanted to alter . few are saying that they are not farmers , instead they are middlemen who used to reap benefits during erstwhile regime and will be jobless under this act . so ya this can happen too ... but still mostly they are farmers and i think only a small patch is non farmer . i have started watching your videos , . they are very informative and really helps people be aware . this video was no exception ! !
excellent ! lots of love from kashmir
what happened if there is a dispute in contract farming . how farmers can approach the court when they are not allowed to go to civil court at same time , the sub divisional magistrate is the point of contact ... is there any hidden agenda behind ths ?
the farm bill says that " a farmer can fix his own price for produce and they must receive payment within three days maximum as per law . " so my qstn is that for which products farmers can fix his own price ? and if they can fix the price of their product s then don't you think that'll be much beneficial for our farmers ?
thanks a lot , ma'am it is crystal clear now and i am going to discuss it with the misleading people who are disguised by media .
if quality of products produced is not as per the contract then can the contactor cancel the contract
you asked a question why haryana and punjab farmers protesting the most ? what was your answer to it ?
suppose farmers are opting for new system where they can send their produce directly to the consumers , gradually the old system wil disappear and the produce will be collected by big big pvt buisimess ppl rit ? so finally the almost all produces will reach in hand of very few ppl ? that can gradually leads to shortage of produces in the market increase the demand so price wil increase in the market and finally consumers wil get affect . so in long run both farmers and consumers will get affect badly and both the group will be controlled by the big shots who acts as the direct consumers in front of farmers rit ?
are you sure therell be no middleman if a farmer goes outside apmc ? is it that adani himself will sit and buy produce for farmers directly ... without any middleman ?
madam as u said that the state won't get any funds if the laws are implemented and all the revenue will flow to central but my question is where will the central will spend it ? in to the nation or states right ? so why is this even a bad thing ?
you are very intelligent and understands very well and have the capability to make the change in the world , and you are doing that by educating and awareness through teaching and you tube videos , great keep succeeding like that , you should be in our indian government to guide them , hope they see the video and contact you , & you become the part of indian government and you helps them in changing the india by guiding in a right way
you are amazing , an amazing teacher with great understanding & explanation skills & most important great ideas & suggestions keep making amazing videos like that , god bless you
its no coincidence that the worlds oldest democracy ( usa ) was attacked not even a month ago , and as we speak , the most populous democracy is under assault.this is related . we all should be outraged by indias internet shutdowns and paramilitary violence against farmer protesters . militant nationalism is just a potent force in north korea , china , as it is in india or anyplace else . it can only be stopped if people wake up to the reality that fascist dictators arent going anywhere . not unless : 1 ) we organize and 2 ) there are consequences . " unity " begins with truth . " healing " is not possible without accountability . stay loud . accept nothing less . i also urge people not to hold all of india and all hindus at fault for what is happening in delhi , we can only be held accountable for our words and actions and never our beliefs . i love my hindu brothers and sisters and there are many fighting with us against this oppressive regime , we are all brothers and sisters in humanity . i still love india and will fight for what it used to stand for . the sikhs have saved india from countless external invaders and now must fight against the internal fascists . jai hind . wjkk wjkf .
this is one of that most informative videos ive seen . thanks for explaining and also clarifying misconceptions anyone might have . youre a genius , thank you . a smart person isnt the one who just knows the material but on who can explain it to a lay person . thank you so much .
priya , the way of presention is excellent
you say middle men is the problem but you didn't take bihar's example where no apmc i . e middle men but no surge in farm income or state of farmers from past 12 years .
mam what is the meaning of cartel
hi ! thanks for the awesome video , i think i got most of the pointers you made pretty clearly but had some doubts and am a bit curious to know : 1 . when you say only 6 % of farmers avail msp , does that mean 6 % of total farmers or 6 % of farmers who grow those 22 essential items that are eligible for msp and what is this percentage at state level ? 2 . most of the agitation is happening in punjab and haryana . punjab i understand , it's a different government but harayana is a bjp government . if what you said that why would these states let go off the revenue earned from agriculture , it holds true for punjab but not haryana . please clarify . 3 . while msp is applicable only on 22 items , what is the contribution of these 22 items vis-a-vis total agricultural produce of the state / country ( in weight / volume ) ?
your try is very good to knowledge thanks
thanks
cutest teacher on yt blessed to have you . you should cover all the topics of polity . we need more from you . love to hear from you
wow how nicely u explained . not this topic and came to ur channel to see sth else but end up subscribe bcoz how nicely u explain no cuts all in one go u do ur homework really well . are u a lawyer ?
can this lead to more export and thereby food insufficiency in country
ma'am can i contact u very urgent wanna clear my doubts regarding the topic
in india political interest is above nation , when bjp was in opposition they oppose this law and congress was in favor of farm laws
u wasted my 1 hour , you kept repeating same words again n again thought in this much of duration you will provide more information but u talked about one bill only , so over all bad video
maam if msp will increase then its will be reason of increase inflation
if govt pass this act after few years apmc remove and all the control came under privet companies then they decide the rate of crops and the farmer suffer then who will be the responsable so there is msp is important thich fix the rate of private companys
i am watching this after ... 26th jan
great explanation . i was held captive
priya besttt videos plz make more videos like this on other matters also , ty also iam in dilema in mumbai builders make 2000 crores in 1 project a big one why punjab is fightiy for just 1750 crores
i wish i cud giv 10 likes for dis session .
mam , , everything u teach is nyc but interruption due to answering of questions of students between d lecture made topic less knowledgeable nd understandable
don't take it badly but compliment you are so cute madam
we have enough of you too
oho
yes it's against farmer and nation
this is not anti farmer . please read the bill rather calling politicians especially akali dal who themselves are biggest middleman and lose if new bill come into force
no shame , keep trying
they told in punjab that these bills are anti farmer
negative talk on bjp ... future it impact .. , .. ambhani growing day by because of this type beneficial bills 4g , cab
dear sir , though i am not your paid subscriber , but i having served as professor / sr.scientist at punjab agricultural university ludhiana , i am motivated to submit my humble view points as follows : firstly i humbly submit that , i personally am a great great fan of both modi ji and trump , the work modi ji and trump to counter china / ccp / pakistan etc is doing for this navbharat is highly admirable and i am very pro-modi ji , and he indeed is the best pm in our history of free india , also , i am not an opposition political member or any such affiliation , ... i hope modi ji govt must withhold these reform bills , give a thorough rethinking involving farmers inputs - let our indian farmers not feel insecue at the hands of welcoming middlement / private traders to manage their produce - this will save the nation - will save modi ji dream of nav bharat . 
... the fundamental issue of the protesting farmers is that , almost 99 % of indian farmers do not have adequate / requisite resources , education , internet / computer tech knowhow of paper / document works , and logistics etc to enjoy the privilege of selling their products across states , and even international markets ( selling their products overseas through shipments ) , ... this is the basic q that would need to be weighed in and answered now by the govt ? ? ... 
... obviously , these so called reform bills will enhance the role by middlemen / private traders - which is prone to all exploitations of the poor indian farmers , these so called reform bills will not decrease this evil role / corruption by the wealthy middlemen / traders which is well known in india , ... therefore , this is being falsely perpetuated by the govt that these reform bills will give more profits to the farmers as they will now be able to sell / manage marketing of their produce across states / even internationally at theor option of setting prices for the produce - what a hoax and deception not realizing an absolute lack of the requisite threshhold of ability of indian farmers to do so ; ... 
 ... on the other hand , this would naturally welcome private traders / middlemen with their wealth , resources , education , tech now how , logistics etc and would be buying produce across states , global at odd times with lowest price given to the indian farmers , thereby these private traders / middlemen will become hoarders and this evil would be disastrous for the indian farmers and the country ; ... it is a blunder by the govt to assume and equate our indian farmer as to be an american farmer / farmimg ( as an illustration ) , in america , unlike our nation / bharat / india , there are few farmers with huge farming lands and privileged with requisite resources , education , computer tech , logistics and above all america govt has obligatory provisions - a binding by law of subsidies to the american farmers , whereby american farmers have the built-in / inheirted capacity to act as private business themselves without any middlemen so to effectively / economically manage their produce ensuring definite profit margins ... ...  
... unfortunately , our ias officials and some political leaders also who prepare such attractive blueprints of so called reform bills have no idea of poverty , lack of resources , want of education , want of computer internet technology , lack of logistics & paper / documents works with our indian farmers , therefore , our indian farmers ( unlike american farmers ) are not at the requisite threshold of managing / marketing of their produce by themselves ... inevitably , under the circumstances our agro-marketting is successful as totally dependent on our govt agencies ( existing system of mandikaran ); however , in implemnting the so called new reform bills would be distrous as it will open all possible corrupt avenues for the private traders / middlemenn with all the wealth / perhaps even black money at their disposal who will rob the farmers and thereby kill the nation , because today , the govt is able to have full control on procurement of the produce , and storage of the surplus produce and its regulated distribution across the needy population of the country as well as regulating the exports and even free donation to the needy world , ... ... therefore , in india ( unlike america as an example discussed above in here ) with these new so called reform bills of management of agro-produce it is definitely aimed at welcoming private / middlemen traders to buy and sell the produce which would definitely rob / deprive the farmers of profits and that would kill the nation as well , because our nation india / bharat is comprised of smaller land holdings but by a huge population of small farmers who do not have the requisite threshhold to enable them to act / become private businessmen in managing / marketting their produce without middlemen ( either govt agencies or private traders ); our agro-marketting is surviving because of an intensive infrastructure of procurement , storage , distribution in place with setting of price by the govt , ... farmers feel secure with the govt agencies in marketing aspects of their produce , while in case of private traders no one could secure our huge populace of small farmers with smaller holdings and small produce at respective individual farmer level ... only god will save the poor farmer and poor india ... as for as gdp is concerned if a major population of a nation ( farmers ) are robbed ... then forget about gdp growth curves , called reform system system will be robbed by middlemenn instead ; ... i may be allowed to reemphasize / a repetition of a paragraph above in here , viz : ... ' these reform bills represents a blunder by the govt in assuming and equate our indian farmer as to be an american farmer / farmimg system ( as an example ) , in america , unlike our nation / bharat / india , there are few farmers each with with huge farming lands and privileged with requisite resources , education , computer tech , logistics and above all america govt has obligatory provisions - a binding by law of subsidies to the american farmers , whereby american farmers have the built-in / inheirted capacity to act as private business themselves without any middlemen so to effectively / economically manage their produce ensuring definite profit margins ... but in india / bharat with our huge populace of small land holding farmers , our farmers at large are not inherited with their personal / private / individual threshhold of resources , education , internet / comupter knowhow , paper / documents works , logistics requisite to enable them to manage marketing of their produce ... ' jai bharat . - let us remember , jai jawan , jai kisan ( our legelnd and late honurable pm sh lal bahdur shastri ji ) . jai bharat . thanks , prof . ( dr . ) amar grewal
this open market policy is not new it is already there in many states even in my state of tamilnadu it's already there that's y my aiadmk government is not opposing the bill . in many other states it's already there now it's becoming act that's all . in punjab farmers currently farmers can only sell to mandis no open market policy there that's y they are protesring that means middle men are higher and state government is heavily dependent on mandi charges . this shows that more than the farmers middle men are more affected.that doesnt mean there were no issues for farmers yes there but like water shortage and some other issues . i support the government wholeheartedly in this .
both of you are disgusting personalities
modi government against farmers government support always billionaires like vijay malya , adani etc .
bloody modi , you are a liar and not the opposition ... you have even abolished question hour in parliament ..
when modi government did not bulge nor met tamil nadu farmers when they put their demands in delhi , she says she was trying to the very end for modi would bulge . bull shit ... where this lady went when tn farmers agitated ... now its for punjab farmers she resigned ...
rit
they want to sell all the farmers land to cooperates , so that the monopoly will be developed , in return the cooperates will make the farmers slaves , this will make bjp remain in power doing nothing modi has already sold major part of india to ambani , adani .
modi harrassment to agriculturist to make them free from land .
whatever modi is doing is for wellness of the country ... and formers
if any one has brain this is superb bill as those who want to sell in mandi can sell in mandi but if u r getting good price you can sell outside too
govt should have taken the farmer in confidence before going to tabled in parliament
poor become poorer and rick become richer .. sad but true
farmers are the backbone of our nation ... let's support our farmers ...
by now it is crystal clear that fekubaba jumlebaaz cannot be trusted . look at all his past assurances / utterances in terms of implementation they were all 180 degrees out of phase . do not believe me blindly ; check it out for yourself ... what he said - what he did - what happened in the last 6 years so these farm bills will be no different .
don't force punjabi to hold guns in their hands
msp should be maintained and ecma act should not be changed and maraginal farmer should be taken care across india and no contract farming
farmers are not angry , out of all the farmers not even 10 % are against it , so dont run the propaganda .
it was the duty of the opposition to study the bill and voice their concerns in the the bill apparently has good intentions and favours the farmer . it was the duty of the opposition to study the bill and voice their concerns in the parliament . instead they decided to oppose the bill and wanted it's withdrawal . this way no new legislation can be made . the government should now take the route of explaining the law and it's benefits to the farmers through print and visual media . it should also include assurance on farmer's concerns like m . s . p .
beautiful . a perfectly balanced news report . the intention is good the buck stops at implementation . now when did that happened .
under this covid pandemic around world modi government rather than bringing foreign investments to india from china and mnc competiting with china on industry and manufacturing sector , modi government is making way for mnc to compete with small farmer and trades in agriculture . ofcourse farmer are threaten by new farm bill .
why angry ? because this govt had sold our farmers to corporate who funded for thier elections . they have no shame in doing it .. non of this bill is new ... its all failed model in various states ...
all the bills are 420 bills not 2020.corporates are another form of middle men but with money and government support . they will use the present brokers initially . aftet chaining the farmers with agreements will utilise the present middle men who will become land brokers . ultimately farmers will lose their lands people food security .
well explained - clearly and concisely . the reason why people do not believe modi's so called ' good intentions ' is that he has a long black record of defaulting on his assurances , reneging on his commitments and backtracking on his pledges . today he says msp will remain . tomorrow he can change his tune and withdraw it or render it unworkable for instance by scaling down the rates to unattractive levels .
after reading the comments i could understand that most of the farmers in our country are better off than the middlemen and they donot need a chance to make better profit . so modi should resign
giving me vibes of #visiopolitik for the first few seconds .
where is sujith sir.we are eagerly waiting for his editorial about ' ' our good pm " . i pray god to give him strenth to bring out the facts.jai bharath .
all these bills are aiming at removing the hold of state government and the income they generate . it looks like every income for the state government is gradually removing and dependent on centre government . that is what we see in gst now . this will also assist the corperative companies to buy the farmers at their cost . no farmer can have bargaining capacity if no one is willing to buy their products . if the bill come to existence , with in ten years farmers will be slaves of corporate companies in india .
all the promises from black money , demonitisation , gst are giving fruits in the form of unemployment , loss of jobs , close of msme , fall in gdp , suicide if farmers ... this bill will definitely reduce the population of india by starvation deaths and suicide of farmers ...
this illeterate modi announced many watershed projects 1 ) demonitisation ... black money turned out white money 2 ) gst ... loss of revenue to the states 3 ) farm laws ... food security is at stake
demonetastion was a terror attack on our economy by bjp . farmer bill was another terror attack on indian agriculture ...
bjp going bankrupt so they have to steal from farmers that is the real truth
farmers are working so hard without the support of government but now they want to steal from them no farmers trust bjp modi
this amendments will give farmers freedom and true realisation of value , why every change to be opposed , if required it can be amended again in case the present apprehension come true .
modi government is playing with the future of farmers and country .
peacocks never be the friends of formers .
gober governance sarkar has left no stone unturn to kill aam janta ... > demonetisation > gst > caa nrc > pandemic > railway route privatisation > airport lease > farmer bill and the list goes on and on ...
hindu vs muslim is only platform for bjp . people vote for it.they are not concerned about any other policies including economical , social , cultural , educational , health or any other thing that affect their existence . good for them . they brought it own themselves.if you don't believe wait for bihar results .
congress is mis leading farmers . congress working against farmers . under the new bill farmers will both options open . ie take the produce / crop to apmc as per the current practise or sell to any buyer ... so why the issue ? ?
tq for lucid explanation
country is breaking .. bjp harami madharchod biggest achievement . lavda ki sarkar hai ..
this is what happens when people in power abuse it and consequences will be faced by general public
it is sad that the pm rushes through many hasty decisions that affect large segments of people on the pretext of doing good to the nation . he seems to listen only to those who flatter his doings and does not believe in wide cosultation on the matters concernig this great nation .
amputate every wing of the states by which they can generate some revenue , without any centre's interference . center not fulfilling its obligaton of paying back their gst duesn addition no financial help for fighting against pandemic and creating disruptions by unplanned lockdown , states are under heavy financial pressure . destroying mandis is making states more financially starved , more dependent upon political drama of centre releasing funds for the people and destroying the federal structure .
important bills are being passed , without proper study and discussion and debate .
i knew very little about the farm bills till i watched this video . <url> please watch this video to get a little more educated on the farm bills . media is also divided on these farm bills . unable to understand that . but it is being claimed that this same farm bill was proposed by congress in their manifesto and now they are opposing it . also , the opposition is only in a few states like punjab , haryana not the whole country . farmers are quite knowledgeable . if this is against them , we can expect large scale national opposition from them .
our pm is not pradhana sevak for the poor peoples and farmers as lies as pradhana sevak in front of mike , he is only pradhana sevak for corporates like ambanis and adanis .
there will be a food shortage and famine that was existing in 1962 . this bill will turn india into sudan .
this episode is fooling the people with halfwit and half truths ! throwing in some montage of old and new footage ... punjab is not india ! ... by and large the opposition to the bill is due to majority opposition leaders are farmers and this will hit the gang hard ... hw is biased and never tells the truth or facts .
modi is bent on promoting corporate houses and industrialists as opposed to common men and agriculturalists .
farmer becomes an employee of someone who doesn't own a piece of land , but works to produce , at dictated terms and conditions , and if he fails he cannot be free .. poor fellow how can he read and understand all bugged up terms and conditions in fine print written by super paid corporate lawyers .
1st there is nothing stopping the corporates from working with the farmers . 2 . mundi allows farmers to compete fairly . 3 . first few years the outside the mundi traders will pay extra . the loss of revenue from the mundi activity will weaken the mundi without revenue . 4 . once there is no activity in mundi and no revenue inside then mundis will lose their strength and that is when corporates will start the rape of farmers . is that clear and spelled out for you ? #farmbills #kisanbill2020 # farmerbill #agriculturereformbill #punjab #farmers #bjp #rajyasabha #sabloktantra
the corruption and cheating has been part and parcel of agriculture and we have to start from somewhere to e stop it . all the land holdings have to be registered and recorded in aadhar card or pan card because of black money transactions .
pm introduceing bill is very very good . why mp are worried ? i am congress spoke person from hyderabad . sailut to pm .
when the cleaner of the truck sits in the drivers seat , that truck will end up in his village . sadly but true , we have a cleaner doing a drivers job , now the goods in the truck will never reach their destination , they will either end up in a village called ambani or adani , aaju baaju meh . take your pick . the crying face represents the farmers and it is their goods in the truck .
well explained ! thanks
if this bill is passed bjp will not come in power for 2024 because even we non farmers will not support this bill . if they are not happy why implement the bill
south sply tn pepole very strong not allowed for bjp . when bjp is vote bank bellow the notta ...
modi not afraid of voters . evm is in modi's pocket . but modi you must understand that god is watching . you will be punish by him very cruelly and very soon .
modi should roll back the agriculture bills as india can not afford disturbances.china is a more pressing problem for the moment.india cannot afford internal disturbances .
mind begs the question : if hitlers methods reused by a pm / govt implement evil laws sinisterly build concentration camps nazism reborn , no ?
mind begs the question : if a pm / govt sells nations resources agriculture , defence , railways .. to 2 private corporates sold the nation , traitors , no ?
modi is the face of shah's policies .
bhai tum logo ko nahi bechna hey to mat bechi . apmc market to chalu hey . jao aur apmc market ke dadagiri ke shikar bano . tum logo ko bhadka rahey hey kuch unpad log aur tum bhakad rahey ho . bku wahi hey jisne congress ne 2014 hath milaya tha . abhi farmers ko thin options hey . ya to khud becho ya phir apmc market jake becho ya phir reliance , smart jaise company ko becho jab kisano ke pass options tayaar ho rahey hey to kaha ka shoshan ? ye congress ne bill laya tha abhi virodh ker rahi hey ? jab banaya tha tabhi yahi bku congress ka saath de raha tha ? only punjab kyu protests ker raha hey ? baki state ke kisano kyu ye bill galat nahi lag raha hey ?
modi government wants to sell the nation to corporates . bjp enacted this new law only for the benefit of reliance . the three new law must be seen in toto because they are interlinked . procurement + transportation + storage + sell perfectly fit for the retail business corporates .
modi government wants to sell the nation to corporates .
all the farmers want is buying of farmers produce below mrp ( fixed by government ) should be punishable by law and government should provide mandis to buy there produce at mrp .
hw : earlier also farmers could sell their products anywhere in the country please correct you're reporting . the restrictions were on traders and it is traders restrictions which are removed and not of farmers .
dadhi kya badhai samajhne lage fasal bhi acchhi hi hogi .. desh ko jahilo aur bewakoofo ke hawale kardiya .. ab baith ke ro o nda never puts its black money in swiss bank but in the tycoons pocket like ambani & adani by selling all the govt proprty to then and withdrawn during election season ... 4 to 6 time more than swiss bank returns ... india's people became chhutiyas by the name of religion and pakistan they have fooled them and one person.with little beard and lots of anti community issues is launched as surviver now the same person is looting it ..
please make one video on evms frauds in elections . scrap fraudulent evms and bring honest . & transparent ballot papers boxes in all elecrions .
arti , agriculture has been a state subject . central government is basically trying to usurp states ' rights / powers using the pandemic lockdown . you could have highlighted this .
this looks so lucrative but the bad side is ones corporates enter the scene then prices will automatically be controlled by them and considering the third bill it will be easy for them to bring it the produce from other countries as well and manipulate the prices and control the market which will not only be tough for farmers but also for smaller and middle class . especially for the ones who are taking ration how will govt provide ration to bpl people do govt have their own farms nopes slowly that will also stop and every one feel the words ghar ghar modi
the provisions should be good for both farmers and consumers , provided implementation is good . key concerns seem to around legal framework in case of litigations . some states might loose revenue but that $ will go directly to the farmers and consumers . wonder why we have protests only in those states . are they politically motivated ?
thank-you for briefing .
gujarat model is very bad . gujarat is not developed .
president of india should dismiss this union government . how can they push millions of farmers into poverty ...
our beauracracy is bullshit . whatever bills introduced by inc & bjp have become totally worthless to farmers ...
this a diversionary tactic by govt to take spotlight off china virus employment economy indians are too intelligent to fall for bs
if you cut the hands that feed the nation , the government is bound to collapse .
if you cut the hands that feed the nation , the government is bound to collapse .
we are worried , mr sujit nair has not come up with editorial after the income tax search .
save democracy save india
lucid explanations on the three bills . no clutter and no need for elaborate de-cluttering ! good .
contract farming is not successful in farmers side . farmers have to cultivate the seed provided by corporate and fertilizers suggested . also once came under contract , they can't do additionally out of contract . in tamilnadu even cooperative sugar mills have not paid nearly 7-8 yrs . then how can we expect prompt payment from private .
since 2014 dont you guys think that ever where there is a apposing factor going on .. govt is making us agitated .. nave , , anger .. when ever modi come some or other reform is done .. showing the glorious side . when the reform is implemented then shit comes out .. every one smells and say this is bad .. ( note bandi etc etc ) .. the reform might be good but most of the people has lost hope from modi .. they are saying modi ji maaf karye ab naaa ho paye ga ...
jis sarkar ko hindu appeasement k liye laae the ab unhi se log thak chuke hain
your comments are correct . this govt is well known for its rakeless attitude .
there may be opportunity that corporate can have procurement standards . with that they can either reject or reduce the price as per quality . they even can delay the receipt from farmers so that the product quality and quantity get reduced . so farmers r forced to give their goods as dictated by corporate ... this will affect specially small farmers
" it may eventually end the msp-based procurement system " . " may " and " eventually " in the same sentence . hmm , speculations anyone ?
based on assumptions or intentions we can't run a government . the loopholes could have been addressed , without paving the way for commercialising every things that the nation used to possess . gst , pmcares too brought under good intention hoarding , actually it's opposite . mindset seems pretty clear ; this government is trying to put this whole nation in few vicious private nexus .
omg modi has the death of one more person on his hands . sad he won't even spare the poor farmers .
unfit modi is only fit to destroy everything , his decisions of demonization and high rate of gst taxes killed our economy , modi is just corrupt fellow ,
this only favour jio and amazon
modi is anti farmer and pro big industrialists & bussiness houses . this paves the way for the big corporates take over farmers . this is the lead up to the un agenda 2030 .
don't show modi's face . getting irritated by seeing that face .
why the opposition members can't sit down and vote against the bill . the party like cpi , & dmk want to act like supporters of puplic but they really doing anti national activities and against public . so its clear that the opposition is not having majority and they want to waste public money and time .
do understand what happened in rs . i was seeing it live ... it was the unruly and desperate oppn was creating chaos . your political inclination is understood . but don't ridicule our democracy .
this is a prelude to india breaking up
bjp has already messed up so badly that they dont care about any protests anymore ... they know as long as they keep making temples and privatise government sectors to ensure friends and funds for itself they will keep buying mps and rule india under adolf naughty modi
what is rule if rulling party do it then it is called rule if opposition do it then tgey are anti-national , this matter goes to the president but what president do , he is supreme leader & also called head of state & keeping the constitution & democracy live but the president nothing do , its our democracy & freedom , its the fault of president , its the starting of fault which is assent by our president & it will happen in future then why the india need president , i don't know ...
shameless democracy running now .
if dr . rajendra prasad would have been alive he would have straight away slapped harivans
an example of faking democracy .
the time will come when bhakt will cry for fundamental rights .
so who is gonna correct this .. judiciary ! ! !
bjp will destroy the country and democracy , it should be stopped asap
corrupt chair's in parliament under bjp ruling ! rip india future !
jhutho ne kha jhutho se sach bolo , black day in five years loctantra khatam ho gya hai
end of democracy
they want to destroy the farmer's
is there any accountability for dpty chairman ?
file a case against this chairman . if any lawyer is reading my comment . bring him down to his knees , taint his profile , or at least he apologises for what he did so that a good example is set for others also .
democracy is no more in india
breaking of temple ... temple of democracy
but he later served homemade tea to suspended mps , which makes everything right .
watching the end of democracy .
now days , the valuable seat in sit can't they don't respect it .
such a shamefull day for democracy
this modi's democracy ! ! ! yaha sirf woi hoga , rss jo bolegi bjp ko .. opposition to anti-nationals hai ... ! !
no benifits for indian people from thin government
our farmers will decide whats good or bad for them .
no doubt about evm cheating ... ! these fascist do not value democracy ... !
trust god jesus loves u died n arose on 3rd day u r sure in heaven c empty tomb in google
this is strangulation of democracy ... openly
so sad that even the president supports such dictators . he is bjps man
without voting how can this bill has pass
bunch of liars are ruling us .
in the house no one had no thoughts for farmers neither our leaders nor the speaker
rules are for fools ... now even the erstwhile rulers turned into fools .
my respect for ndtv is increasing day by day just because of this kind of journalism . i hope we had many more such news channels in our country . we really need to keep in check our source of information in these crucial times .
in the leadership of these people we are dreaming of superpower india
when speaker says raise your hand but never raise his head to watch weather somebody has really raise their hand or not ... simply speaker is a pimp of bjp ..
democracy was dead , now it has taken a rebirth and has died again ...
our country is heading towards dictatorship ... death of democracy
worst political experience shame shame on modi government
even the dy speaker is . iased . shame on him .
bjp is an indian version of nazi party ! no respect for law or constitution or democracy or human rights or secularism
what do you expect from this bjp ! fraud all the way .
wow , now this one . we . are at the end of democracy ! ! wake up at least now indians
next revolution are coming to remove the parliamentary democracy .
someone teach arvind gunasekar to hold a mike .
indian democracy , , , r . i . p
yeh saala ho kya raha hai india mein ? ek anpad aadmi ne lakhs of intelligent logon ko control kiya hua hai ? beware time is running out ! ! !
absolute power corrupts absolutely . we all indians not only bjp's pimps are responsible for this . even hitler was also a good orator .
fake news to support corrupts liers.brokers .
woa ... but this is expected . may people will understand in 2029
how many people are present from the opposition ? benches are empty . opposition , has no unity and more importantly no support from public , just making some big noise to get some attention ..
with the present ruler we can only count days for the democracy to die .. i wonder how an entire party can lose its conscience ? ! ! ! there is no opposition , only one party , as they wanted , one nation one party .
the day you become a fan of a politician is the day you fail as a citizen
so is something going to happen ?
clearly this govt has become anti people , anti poor
who is speaker to pass the law ... member of parliament represents by people and coming by winning election .. but speaker not allow opposition parties to debate
india independence day is misnomer : 1 . india did not gain freedom or declaration of independence like us , nehru jinnah signed a pact to get power transferred to north indian hindi speaking caste brahmins and caste muslims . the most recent transfer of power was between upa to nda in 2014 under 10/10 soros evm formula ( with fb twitter whatsapp fake news ) when all state politicians pimped their representations for delhi high command . 2 . after killing andhra sriramulu power hungry nehru who was not shaken even by bhagat trio hanging , got scared and passed linguistic reorganization bill . periyar nayaka and ambedkar opposed to centre formation in delhi and as per eu model , demanded separate countries for non hindi regions but were not heard as racist british already raped and produced a slave macaulay generation ( who are now bollywood , army and central govt employees ) from north indians . time to bring murderers of leaders of people - gandhi ( through rss ) , and bose ( through congress & japan ) to justice . 3 . the silencing of periyar nayaka and ambedkar views for the brahmin-muslim thread-circumcision hindi casteist racist nation but eating taxes of union needs to be tackled by non co-operation movement of not paying taxes when cji and pm are themselves corrupt . 4 . it is time for parliament dissolution , formation of economic union like eu and 8-10 states becoming countries for breaking this brahmin hierarchy ( today 90 % of all group a ( civil ) jobs and 51 % padma ( civil ) awards are with brahmins ;d efence jobs with those who got racially profiled by british who have terrorized nepotized and corrupted all states by calling them naxals ; private sector with their global class-caste masters - jews and british have given majority visa to brahmins ) . the efficient administration can only be obtained by revolution of people of that state as and when necessary when delhi high command is eliminated . else all bills are intended to strengthen delhi hindi nation and break the union i . e privatize the states to serve delhi . in 1947 london high command trasferred power to delhi high command . its time to eliminate delhi high command and reclaim union without centre . start civil disobedience and non cooperation .
good ndtv . you are the last hope !
its all done to fill the locker of ambani . jio mart advertisement is the only one popping out for every google search .
what can anyone do .. ? nothing ..
when constitution are not followed by rajya sabha then what we can expect from rest ?
rajya sabha deputy chairman should be thrown out of his post . he did democratic assassination
u should have big debate over this .
when the ruling party breaks the rules of the house why should they be trusted by farmers with the new bill ?
this is only expected behaviour on the part of the bjp and their mouthpieces the speaker or dy speaker . i use the word mouthpiece deliberately . i know they are supposed to be neutral . presiding officers in both houses , a supreme court which largely shies away from putting the government on the mat when required , manipulating election commissioners - - - they have done it all . they believe in the tyranny of the 62 by their 38 . they have this huge majority but only 38 vote share and that too because of large contributions from a few states .
shame on you bjp
this is the most evil govt in the world
has bjp told truth any time ? it took birth on lies ? it strives on lies ?
the speaker is the killer of the democracy
challenge in supreme court
28 : - 1 ) 2 ) 3 ) 4 ) 5 ) 6 ) 7 ) 8) 9 ) 10 ) 11 ) 12 ) 13 ) 14 ) 15 ) 16 ) 17 ) 18 ) 19 ) 20 ) 21 ) 22 ) 23 ) 24 ) 25 ) 26 ) 27 ) 28 ) . : rs . 10,000 , 000,000 , 000 / - ( only rupees ten trillion ) - ! ! ! - * * * * * * * * * * / / ... !
bhartiya jumla at parliament ... the series of jumla continues ... for the benefit of .. corporates .. the poorest at uk court ... anil ambani ... poor man living on his wife's wealth . clueless shameless govt of the darkest times of independent india . awaken india jai hind awaken india jai hind
who noticed this the vedio length is 420
dog do as their ower order them .
bjp is ruling as a dictator
looks like dy chairman is also sold ...
attend a live class on * one nation , one election * today at 8: 00 pm . set the reminder now : <url>
good lackcharer
great analysis
i liked sarmad sir's method of teaching as it tells in the information .
thanks sir
while i reading alone i used to copy like you that i can related topics in elaborate like you but unfortunately i can't you are legend sir
it feels like news debate but only one side is speaking .
great are you sir
i am not an ias aspirants . but , the way you explained is awesome . i fall in love with your lectures .
i am watchingit bit late but still the expaination is very nice
aaiyo ! yaaru sir neenga .. the most valuable 48 min that i spent on youtube ever is watching this video .
it was amazing
2:50 is apmc mandi tax also imposed for trade outside the apmc ?
brilliantly explained sir . thank you .
thank you for the knowledge sharing
farmers are still protesting and gov . totally ignored them in democracy and behaving like a monarch ... they spend there whole winter on roads and now forced to spend summers too on roads , bcoz no one raises there voice ... lets support farmers ... bcoz distance doesnot seprate peolpe , silence does ...
ur analysis .. voice awsm sir
grt teaching
sir your teaching will make anyone to become good listener
wonderful . great analysis & narration .
finally understood farm laws after 11 months
sir , i want hindi byju's classes on youtube
beautifully explained
thankyou sir for such a fruitful videos ...
great session
bro , i feel like sueing sc for being incompetent fools and making sc some kind of temple
even a person from simple background can understand his teachings , the way he teaches took everyone of us to appreciate him through comments
mind blowing ... thank you sir
much interesting , god bless u
wonderfully explained , sir ... thank you
very well explained :)
speechless ! such a brilliant analysis of a sensitive issue with such unhinged neutrality ! respect .
plz and plz sir make a video clip on cryptocurrency
please take .. delhi nct amendment act 2020
i want to seen your get your pdf also sir
i like your class sir please create a telegram and add me plz
i was very much liked this elaborated explannation , and mostly the teaching techinc he has
article 122 is 3rd class law ... now i think there should be any other political system .
sir , what i think if there was vote of division there would have been joint sitting of parliament & bills would have been anyhow passed ! supreme court was right by not categorically striking down the bill as bills have pro farmers provisions too .. govt too was ready to amend bill but farmers associations failed to describe which provisions were problematic ! neither govt not farmers are holy cows .
does word questions in article 100 refers to bills bcz in article 107 it has clearly mention the word bill
thank you so much sir
next week , we would like you to explain on national education policy 2020
nicely explained
sir , it is absolutely brilliant explanation on the subject by you .
i am attending ias live classes enrolled in ias bhl program . sarmad sir teaching us indian polity . he one of the best faculty i have ever seen in my life . his explanation is awesome .
whenever i hear his voice my confidence level boosts again
sarmed sir knows everything that's why according to me he s legend
this was so amazing thanks a lot !
thank you sir , thank you byju's ias
i never understood the farm laws even after reading them so many times . this video has helped me understand it so much better . great job by the host . amazing insights .
sir ... ur simply best
great explaination by sarmad sir
way of talking is supprrr
this man is brilliant !
your voice is very loud effective and clear .
thank you so kuch sir , i helped me a lot the constitution seems like khichdi to me , every statement can be countered with it
judiciary is nothing but an another face of executive . all 3 organs seem centred around 1 personality .
amazing work !
sir why you stop this ? ? ?
can you please do govt schemes like your daily prelim facts ?
first stage of dictator i would say , thanks sir
best ... by far the best unbiased , to the point , factual analysis which covered all the aspects that one should be aware of before addressing this critical issue . thanks sir for splendid analysis .
the detailed analysis was very enlightening . the next topic should be labour law 2020 .
i cannot stress enough on how amazing this session was . every second is dripping with to-the-point information backed by extensive research and topical relevance . we need more teachers like sarmad sir !
highly appreciable ... strong voice ... plethora of knowledge ... sarmad sir lucky to have you for free .
we have to do , what have to be done .
sir ... i would be happy if you could make a explained video on caa and nrc
i love polity only because of sarmad sirking of polity for a reason
it is clear judicial excesses . it is there to decide but not to mediate .
just wow .. thank you ! !
sir to be honest i watch your each and every video that provide byjus via my tablet course . u r gem.of polity .. and whenever i listen u it sound like i hear somethng good and somethng that strach my mind.in good sense .. really look.forwar to.your next topic ..
i cannot explain how to bless me to watch this analysis . sir youre goat
is there any option for superliking the session ... omg ! ! ... what a session ! ! ! ...
unprecedented explanation sir
i think there is huge contrast between the drishti ias video lecture on farm laws delivered by dr . vikas divyakirti sir and between the sarmad mehraj sir , but i found sarmad sir video appropriate bcoz he provide well interpretation of new farm laws alongwith farmers appeal against these laws
well explained ! ! sir
voice is not audible at times .. otherwise good
polity and sarmad sir always simpatico ...
please take hai lecture for epfo exam
he is capable of explaining sensitive issues without taking sides
can someone share these videos to rihanna , harris kid , greta nd all those ppl opposing farm laws in a very misguided way
beautifully explained .
a detailed analysis . great job sir
sucha blasting presentation ... great sir .
very very awesome analysis
now indian is a non democracy country guys police and government has all the rights to kill or beat innocent farmers without any reason yaa acha din toh bhut acha lagee logo ko
modi govt should be totally banned in india
modiji we farmers are with you .
congratulations to our farmers .
after corona 2.0 , modi has lost his crediblity .
finally people are getting literate ... likes are more than dislikes , finally someone understood 68 years , development --> 0 ... 7 years , development -> 70 %
carry fans
chor saley
kyo jhuth bol rhe ho ...
jai modi i support modi . he is the best pm of india ever . indians do not want any changes . congress ko vote do woh toh phele bi kuch nahi kia aur aage bi kuch nahi karega . jai hind jai bharat jai narendra modi . and i am not a andha bhakat i support the progress of our country and modi is doing that . don't look at the bad decisions of modi plz look at the good decisions removing 370 surgical strike against pakistan , nrc & cab and many more achievement . go to hell all modi haters
thanks for explaining
actually i am trying to get farmers have all profit in this only loss is of middle man's then also why they are protesting . i think as he said some people's are getting that they are loosing there control so they are increasing this protest and trying to get control back but not to give them back the control every citizen should analyse what's real and what's show off ...
more power to modi . india need a pm like modi god bless him
no place for corona virus among protestors
yes ... then gujrati will buy farmer products very low price as they decide the price .
life is a struggle_spetsnaz hurrah / \ -
i give a guarantee somebody is going to kill him 2022
sala chor hai modi ... pura goverment industry ko bej dega ... bjp to nikal ke pheko ... congress was good ... i regret for voting bjp .
only he is the reason behind india and pakistan fight also he is curropt nothing he has done for nation also imran of pakistan has imposed much taxes but crime rate have been reduced #isupportfarmers
i have read the complete farm bill and i support it
can there be pm and protesting farmers debate that will bring in the solution
prime minister , we are proud of you . but the only expectation is to answer the following as an honest principal servant . 1 ) was the swaminathan commission and its recommendations to be implemented ? 2 ) was he going to double the income by giving guarantee to the farmer ? 3 ) was he going to set up an industry based on food and food production ? 4 ) special financial provision was to be made for world class agricultural education system and research ? 5 ) were all market committees free brokers ? 6 ) farmers were to become self-reliant ? i hope you will answer
airport gye ... bsnl gya ... petrol 85rs per ltr ... milk 55rs per ltr ... lpg 650 ... achee din aa gye
i request all the media to show this video on thier news channel again and again . i request all farmers to not get mislead by these ideoatic congress leader .
sir farmers 3nd rule me jo apmc ki bat h but i didn't understood already 95 percnt farmers toh waise bhi bahar hi bech rhe the
the only growth india has seen is its pm's beard
farmers bill in a nutshell . 1 - farmers can only sell their crops to reliance on msp . 2 - because of the cheap msp price when they can't afford their next harvest , end up taking loans from government . 3 - when not being able to repay the loan , end up losing their lands . moreover reliance will export all the good corps and sell the leftover at reliance fresh . ambani is on the way to be the richest man in world by whatever it takes . imagine how much modi govt got from ambani for issuing this bill . if people of india understand this much and still accept this then , sorry to say , you are stuck in the world of dictatorship . #sadrealityofindia
change the background music it remind me of covid and lockdown
new farm bill free the farmers from middleman
govt should have a live tv debate so that everyone's intensions get cleared
our farmers are uneducated .. they dont understand this contracts and they cannot deal directly with big companies as they have fear to fooled by big companies .. they will also need some middle man to do all these deals .. this is why all protest are going on .. why not government set minimum price for each product of grain each year .. that will be more understable for farmers
pm modi is a great leader . he takes a lot of opposition from anti-india forces to help farmers .
all comments below are from bjp it cell ... dont trust ... farmers have no time for agitation , they have lot of duties at their farms and will do feed indians
modi : trust me .. i brought these bills for your good ... you will benefit from it in the future ... prime minister modi . some important previous actions of trustworthy modi ... below .. 1 didn't you bring back the fake money on the day you came to power and put fifteen lakhs in your account ... ? didn't the value of rupee reached to fifty rupees against 2 dollars ... ? didn't india's economic status improve in fifty days by banning 3 notes ... ? didn't the price of 4 cooking gas reached 4 rupees ... ? 5 sixteen crore youths were not given jobs ... ? didn't the gdp of 6 countries be raised ? didn't 7 make india the first economic power in the world ... ? 8 didn't all public sector institutions make profit ... ? aren't the 9 small business blooming .. ? isn't india a hunger free country in 10 ... ? 11 finally , one liter of petrol has been reduced to 11 rupees ... what more proof do you need to believe me ..
fake news - all comments are staged by rss it department with doctored names - jai jawan jai kissan
pm feku . illiterate . economic is in danger he is selling our psu . bjp must go . we are in danger
it is clear that privatsation is core ideas of bjp government.like ambani and adani will be benefited.bjp is so hurry to do it because crony capitalism .
come in punjab slapping dance is waiting there for modi which will be done by youngster farmers
i'm also a farmer . i'm from punjab state . our income source is only farming . i have listen all the session of rajaya sabha tv ; these bills are not good for the farmers , as you see bills there is no written clearity . if there may any misshapen with the farmers in the future what will we do , no one will come forward for helping us . the farmers of punjab , haryana and uttar pradesh are not in favor of these fucking bill . in the punjab farmers are on road and on 4 octobar all the youth of punjab will move towards delhi . during this time we are only requesting the government to take these bill back , if the government did't do this we will move towards delhi parliment . you can see the videos of youth in punjab protesting against these bill . this is straight warning to indian government , please take the bill back . as you all known elections are not so far , , ,
farmers can build there own cold storage and sell themselves instead of any private or govt players . sell directly to consumers .
it's understandable that before election the bill have been passed so it's a profitable for farmers .
abe c * * * hai kya bjp jo bihar election k time me farmer k aginst bill layegi ... common sense ... common sense is not so common usko , harna hai kya btw jitta assumption log kr rhe na sb kr rhe bina padhe bina samghe ...
farmers will understand their own problem.but if they are being fooled by opposition party then it's not right . why should any opposition party use farmers as weapon for their own interest .
nobody is speaking about what specific section of the bill do they oppose . the same happened with the caa . when these protesters were asked the full form of caa they couldn't answer . it was a made up protest . the same is happening here .
i'm kenyans , but i must say that in the 2022 election all the indian must wakeup and destroy completely and finish the all opposition parties with bloody congress . after that india will be a super power .
we must know that agriculture isn't profitable and the poor farmers have no right to decide the price of his products . so the farmers are always subject to exploitation and the government must make the farmers confident that the government is not only for the corporates but also for the farmers
well well .. now it's very clear which parties were associated with the middlemen . rip middlemen
nobody can counter modi's chanakya neeti bcz he knows that in india usually " some " people are illiterate and fools so he just did this way before elections and could swipe elections easily .
congress misleading in farmers bill like they did in rafael and caa .
it is preplanned agenda of bjp and their corporate friends to sabotage our agriculture ... . very soon lands of farmers will be confiscated for the welfare of corporates through the eia .
mr chaiwala narendra modi . farmers work is hard work not like yours only preparing and serving tea . first of all chaiwala talk less and work hard . your nonsense talk is directing you to the mental hospital .
problems go viral . for a change , can we make the solutions go viral as well ? #farakpadtahai
farms won't look like farms anymore it's a problem on both the fronts the protestors and the govt
desi and true kissan can predict it easily by own ... jai jawan jai kisan
any video on how politicians looted us ifrom 1948 to 2021
a channel not with only problems but also with solutions
what the fuck ... u say don't find problem find solutions ... if government unnecessarily creating problem for poor just because there friends become more rich , instead of questioning those problems u want us to find solutions ... that's mean all u want to say is don't ask questions .. just find yourself solutions , brother u r clearly taking a side ! ! !
make a video about vertical farming
if running is good you dont ask a person to run a marathon cold turkey next morning ... conservatives want gradual changes , not revolutionary ones as to satisfy a wish to " to go down in history as a harbinger of change " ( modi ji ) weather forcast ai is no infallible predictions either agtech and farm protests cant be confused , it's yellow propaganda without contract-enforcement and land lease laws percolating , free markets rests on these , at least middlemen wont just vanish , they'd be back as corporates see and hear economist : ss johal
thanks for your video
why farmers are protesting
you are doing great guys ... god bless you
people like me listen you both seriously stop saying that mujhe pata hai ish vedio ko jyada log nahi dekhenge . indians who love india are not less , and they want to know the truth
if there are already solutions present like these then why the problem still persist ?
can you make a video on ' justice loya ' to show that media do care for indian democracy ?
the problem with indian farmers is that they do hardwork but not well educated about the bills , technology and process . they get fooled by the retailers . and when some bill comes where the farmers get benefitted everyone thinks about themselves and not farmers and also farmers in states like bihar and up not even consideres to go and ask what the bill is and how that works . farmers protests literally include 30 % genuine farmers who have their points and rest 70 % are that self desirable retailers , farmers who are brainswashed by the retailers and some who had preset in thier mind that no bill can benefit them and they dont even look at wts in their bill and wt not . the only solution to this whole matter is education and reach . if government can somehow educate people about this and help them reach the legal bodies incase of injustice . there are government schools everywhere so why not train teachers about the matter and call all the farmers for a 4 day 1 hour programme from 2 00 to 3 00 pm .
its heart touching solution .
i'm a agricultural engineering student ... when we talk about new technology to farmers or explain them how to use precision agriculture and technology based production ... farmers always ask for something that is free .. they are not ready to take risk
you have shared pretty good points . but if you are expecting solutions from uneducated farmers then you are mistaken . solutions should be expected from govt . and in those 3 farm bills , there is no such thing . that's why protesters continue to say #isupportfarmers .
oyee sharam karo ask them who's child's are died in protest
bro what you say is true but do you think that all framers who can't think how he / she can run his / her home for week they can afford this technology ... even if government provide this technology what is the grantee that this technology will to framers ? ? ?
unbiased news channel
can you share samadhaan app link ... ? not able to get exact app it seems
as a electronics engineer i am developing a machine learning model for west bengal farmers . i know our agriculture is our gem . my grandfather is also a farmer . so let's talk about solution . really love your videos . this video really helps me to stay motivated . thank you . love from west bengal .
1 . farms didn't say they are not getting yields of crops protesting for water . 2 . the government is cheating farmers by not paying msp upon delivery for there crop .. as they should be doing in theory .. now they just want to privatize and sellout to adani and ambani . just look at what happened in bihar ! ! ! 3 . you need to understand and listen to what the 32 kissan unions have been sitting in the streets during the winter for 3 months ! !
5 whys always helps us to identify the problem
i think another problem is too many farmers and too little demand in comparison . the basic law of supply and demand is screwing farmers over .
and this will take a century to reach in the the neglected part of india like nagaland .
abt these 3 agriculture bills , <url>
finally someone is talking about solutions .
came here because raunac also subscribed you
we need more people like you who provide solutions instead of criticism .
instead of saying artificial intelligence / technology a solution for farmers .. talk about diversification and msp for other varieties of agricultural products .. if govt . start providing msp for other products then the problem of water scarcity and lot more ( which u r describing in ur video ) will be solved .. there are a lot of agricultural products which requires low investment and gives a good amount of profit .. but why farmers dont grow this just because of surety ( msp ) which they don't have like for wheat rice .. so plz suggest this solution first to the govt . it leads farmers to become " rich " .
for farmers and country to develop first protests have to end ...
government technology ... government ... , ...
   ... 6000 ...   ...
   ...
   ...
   ... culture tradition ... covid pandemic ...   ...
   ...
is contract farming mandatory for farmers ? ? i mean they can choose , whether they want to enter a contract or whether they want to grow crops and sell as per their wish ? ? isn't it ? ?
ok your solution video is really good , but what about current farm bill , your views on that , your analysis on new farm bill . i was really expecting some clarification on that . whether it will really be a disadvantage for farmers .
hey abhi and niyu , i have found you through instagram , a month back and i am watching your video and they are just awesome.keep going . also there is one wrong information in video that , the pictures were fake where farmer is being beaten . i have checked on alt news and they verified it . there is profile on twitter by the name of political kida who edited the part where he was being hit by the stick . twitter also tagged his editing as manipulative media . you can check it out
there are 1000s of positivities with few negativities ... so i support farm bill 2020
talked about soloutions ... good .. need to telll ppl why farmers are protesting ... you guys need to explain the laws too clearly ... if u guys know ... ! ! ? ?
the solution you talking about are already in use from last 4 years in punjab and immigration and being in reality is much difference and last if government is not supporting then you talk about the private sectors that are always see profit not farmers hard work in starting they give you good price and after a year or two when the goods are in large amount they drop the price and then what the farmer do where he store the goods and to get rid of it the farmer is going to sell to whatever the price is set up by private sectors and sell it to high price . the problem is buying the goods at nice price even the farmer is working 365 days in his farms to grow the crops and last what he gets because there are no minimum support price on it thats way the farmer are protesting because they dont private sector to control them .
to talk about real issues with solutions : - 1st step :-d elete social media 2nd step : - stop watching mainstream media . benefit : - you will able to use your mind . and can differentiate between good and bad :')
none of the solutions proposed in this video solve the issues farmer are protesting for protection from big corporates .
dhruv rathee should rename his channel as anti-abhiandniyu
punjab ground water 86 % declined .. 5890 liter used for 1kg of rice production in punjab .
my brother want to be a farmer and he is learning in agricultural university
good work bro & sister
you guys are great as con artists at misleading
good research work . keep it up . some more solutions : 1 . those state have water storage shouldn't go for water intensive crops like water . eg-punjab . rather take crops like maize or vegetables . 2.ag was sustainance focus bcoz in past we didn't have sufficient to feed our people . but not it should be export focus . ans - commercial crops 3.for export our products quality is very inferior , there's no grading . results - max indian surplus rice procured by fci is wastage bcoz we can't export . 5 . kvk should be giving specific targets , most scientist fool around and some work extremely hard . 4 . apart from agriculture , livestock income can help during crop failure . major problem is farmers don't easily accept reforms . their thinking have been molded in a form that they cant trust . ask any of ur parents to start business , they won't take that risk at their age . while i was delivering a seed planting rate n tech of mustard n sunflower in a village and shift from rice to veg or oilseed bcoz their soil n less available water , some villagers started arguing that what they know better bcoz they have been doing it since age . only 2 villagers adopt and after their profit it took the whole village 4yrs to adopt . government incentive could have helped in making it fast .
i want to help the farmers by giving them new way of farming ( artificial intelligence )
can tell me uses of machines or you can reply to my comment plzplz
sir and maam can you plz plz tell me the artificial intelligence machines name plz plz plz
bro you are sharing wrong info ... like that pictures you said that was not old
thanks for give us great solutions give us more thanks soo soo much
bro do u think that farmers have smartphone to use these technologies ?
correct
same t shirt every time
really your great solution will make millions of farmers happy ! !
us pays lots of subzides to farm products ...
well done you have done a great job
u don't know the ground reality . u are just saying things sitting in your 13 th floor apartment . what's happening on soil can't be told by looking down from balcony . yes , they are not techno savvy but they do know how to plant seed . just give them their damn right of choosing msp then they will show you many solutions without " research " like yours .
farmers acts ... look at these facts ... 1 ... 30-40 % of fruits and vegetables get wasted in india due to lack of ' ' cold storage facilities ' ' if corporate will invest in these facilities , supply chain management , logistics , etc then definetly the prices will stablize , less wastage , employment generation ( formal employment ) , reliable supplies , compititive prices , better quality , etc can be taken care of ... we don't trust our corporates ... america does and so it has google , amazon , microsoft , apple , etc look at the movies of 70s , 80s movies completely filled with labour union's leader as hero and owner of factory ( who provides employment , livelihood ) as villan ...
... the mindset will take time ... hoping
you need more knowledge near about every solutions are already implemented in punjab
please share the 1000plus agriculture start ups
i have a question sir , now days where media is negative ? . by the way i like your videos sir # .
indian media is certainly taking huge leaps with youtubers / solution givers like you both.kudos to you .. secondly there are hardly very less people who not count problems but frame solutions.thankyou
govt should first see this ! ... well said sir n ma'am
the major issues with the farm laws <url>
farmers are backbone of bharat , bharata is not backbone of 14 crore farmers when farmers are happy bharata will be happy farmers does not want lip sympathy , or counselling , that will not satisfy their basic living . treat farmers as government servants and pay minimum salary to farmers . farmers are not bothered that bjp bharata paid ten lakh crore as m . s . p in six years that is 1.66 lakh crores.per year to bharat farmers . farmers are not interested what you spent . that is only 6 % of farm production of farm production . what about balance 94 % of farm production , farmers wants m . s . p applicable to 100 % farmers please look into welfare of 14 crore families of farmers which numbers 60 crores of population if 60 crores members of farmers are happy government will be happy , traders , coolies , middle persons , logistics are dependent at the cost of farmers farmers think individual income as on today condition request , must and should fix minimum selling price for paddy at rs . 3002 / as calculated by punjab agriculture university . which is a scientific value . , today sensex is 47,000 . when sensex rises why grocery rate of farmers when every one fixes the selling price like car manufactures fixes rate why government fixes scientific rate calculated by cost accountant supported by scientists government should not enter in procurement . for pds buy at rate fixed by government , please do not ask farmers to sell wherever who pays highest . please fix scientific minimum selling price . for example paddy rs . 3002 / quintal , no bharatiya should not sell below m . s . p . for example paddy rs . 3002 / quintal calculated by scientific , i . c . w . a cost accountants think of development . please take administrative reforms . implement immediately , farmers do not want counselling . thank you for best thinking of future india . we cannot make india as " rama rajya " . india is " bhima rajya " . please at any cost do not experiment on poor farmers of bharata . farmers are not interested in any subsidies . farmers want not minimum support price . but farmers want minimum sale price , chandigarh , may 8 , 2020 . " punjab chief minister amarinder singh , chandigarh , on may 8 , 2020 , . friday urged prime minister narendra modi to declare msp of rs 2,902 per quintal for paddy , along with rs 100 per quintal incentive bonus to check stubble burning . in a letter to prime minister , amarinder said the state has already written to ministry of agriculture recommending a minimum support price ( msp ) of rs 2,902 per quintal for paddy , as calculated by the punjab agriculture university , as against last year's msp of rs 1,835 per quintal . and also passed legislation . further punjab government passed legislation " imprisonment for selling and buying , below m .. s . p . " hence there will be no affect on exchequer " sri naveen patnaik had demanded m . s . p of paddy rs . 2930 . / quintal in 2019 , our government did not allow . , humbly submits and request your excellency to recommend to implement immediately the minimum support price rs . 3002 / quintal for 2020-21 , so all famers of bharat should get minimum selling price for 100 % farm production . no burden to the exchequer by up dating m . s . p . of paddy to rs 3002 / quintal @ @ waiting for promulgation ordinance as above
most of the farmer's websites are getting blocked on facebook . why are they blocking it ?
these topics needs to be raised its very easy to point out issues but going deep and finding solutions and take initiative to help is the biggest things . by the way loved your work ! ! great job which editing app have you used ?
wow ... very useful ..
sir plz make another video on save goa they are not listening to us
2:47 " bihar me the to hmne bahut kisaano se baatein ki " . no evidence . sirf hawa ne baat karte ho .
open market need at least msp otherwise no need this bill .
... 1962 , 1965 , 1971 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , 131 % , , , 10 % .   . , , , , , , ngo , , 40 , 18 % , , 175 ...
   ... special for bhakt please watch <url>
... 1962 , 1965 , 1971 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , 131 % , , , 10 % .   . , , , , , , ngo , , 40 , 18 % , , 175 ...
   ... special for bhakt please watch <url>
jo pehla bill bola essential commodity act to pass hi nhi hua hai . kya bol rahe ho yrr . ulta seedha kuchh bhi . ye to kahi nhi likha hai ki apmc khatam krna chahti hai ? ? . ye to aap khud se bol rahe ho . aisa to kahi kuchh nhi likha . kul mila ke ye jo virodh kr rahe hain vo kisaan nhi bichouliye hi hain jinhe pata hai ki apmc ko mandatory tag hata dene pr inki ulti seedhi kamai band ho jaegi . america ka agricultural loss bhi india ke agricultural gain se kahi jada hai . are shuru to hone do pehle hadd hai yrr . who is this expert giving bullshit point . the main reason behind the declination of farming in usa is their next generation is educated and developed and hence don't want to pursue careers in agriculture ... go read the report . for this govt has to invest more in research and development in agriculture . but in india first we have take our farmers at that level ki unke bachhe soche ki ab unhe farming nhi karni tab problem aaegi to tab hum bhi us problem ka solution nikalenge . ye kya bakwass reason hai ki waha model fail ho gaya ... are you stupid ? model fail hota waha to kya unke farmers itne rich hote ? unke bachhe aaj ye desicion le pate ki unhe farming nhi karni ab ? hadd hai farming crisis aur model fail hone me zameen asmaan ka antar hai waha crisis hai log krna nhi chahte farming due to new generation ... model fail nhi hua hai go read first then listen someone else point of view and follow like a sheep .
i trust more to you than any other channel or media person .
thank you very much.keep bestowing upon the wonderful knowledge on us on important issues .
ashok gulati is living in fool ' s paradise . his analysis is absolutely off the mark ..
lallantop , please talk about adarsh credit co-operative socitey . near by 21 lakh people are getting affected due to this from last 2-3 years . india media and law system is blind for us .
cannot put aloo , phal , sabji , red chili powder in cold storage ... or in sealed plastic bag ... they are plant ... ... they will die ... nooooooooo cold storage ... takeoff farmer bill ... no good ...
why only farmers from punjab and haryana are protesting ? ?
to the fisrt expert i would jst say that the situation will be better than today ... so if u are comparing the famers of usa with india u should also look at the quality of life . if something better can be done than u should give the road map rather than just criticizing it ...
<user> lallantop this is as that government should first change the aarakshan act also . ( dum hai to ) because that is also a act which is not needed now as compared before .
aapki patrakarita se mai bahut prabhavit hua hoon .. bilkul nispachh per aap k followers chutiya lag rahe hai comment section me comment padh k laga
) - rss / bjp .. ! ) " , " .. ! ) evm " jio ' .. ! ) .. ! ) .. ! ) .. ! ) .. ! ) .. ! ) ... ib cds ( ) .. ! ) pm .. ! ! * _ ...   .. ! _ * - . * bamcef national university .. ! "
whatever you are channel you need to to ask some good expert first . your expert itself except that only open market is not good for the economy and both us and uk has only open market in their economy . however government of india have not said that they will close the apmc mandi or they will discontinue the mandi system . so if you make a video channel or a video regarding the three farmer law . kindly ask yourself to talk with the proper economist economist which can relate the thing properly , economist which know about mixed economy . neither it is said by the government that apmc mandi will not close nor it is said that msp would not be there . why farmers are protesting because their leaders are the middlemen in the money system and if government give the farmers to decide the price which they take for their crops then their leaders will lose their job and they will lose to manipulate people's mind . opposition leaders will lose their job tu menu plate people's mind . if you want to do something for the country try to find out something better do not manipulate people's mind or find some good expert not this illiterate person
very upset with this show , i liked this show a lot but i can see that saurabh is conflicting his own statement over farm bill , i watch all video , in old video he explained why he will support farm bill now he is against all the point , what happened sir how much fund you got to change your statement , very pathetic and disappointed " ab ye show news nahi propaganda chala raha hai " beware of him guys .
very upset with this show , i liked this show a lot but i can see that saurabh is conflicting his own statement over farm bill , i watch all video , in old video he explained why he will support farm bill now he is against all the point , what happened sir how much fund you got to change your statement , very pathetic and disappointed " ab ye show news nahi propaganda chala raha hai " beware of him guys .
right expert
watch a video at below link to understand the msp system and impact on farmers from a son of a farmer . <url>
first devendra sharma rural america not suicide cause farm . but drugs . farmers do bankruptcy but who not handles right as business . america farmers wealthy not poor and america farm depend on export not all domestic use . india most domestic use . situation different then america n europe . talk about bihar yes no mandi but state got.neglect on farm infrastructure . this bill not kill mandi but expend choice for farmers . i like to sell direct to consumers or buy direct from farms thatway both benefits . this bill will empower farmers . enough suicide of farmers in india .
please do one more detail discussion about these three farmbills ... lalntop
give it to kisaan in writing make a bill . word of mouth is not good enough
evm machine check karvao sab jhol h , is liye adi h bjp ,
the outcome of the farm protest by sikh : first of all they some punjab sikh ( outside india ) are using other to show khalsa , second they have negativity over hindu ( they say raj kare ga khalsa and dont want to speak hindi in family in punjab n outside india ) third , thats why they dont like current government . thats the whole story to protest . we see them brother but some of them want khalsa , you will get to know one day , brother . they brought innocent farmer at border in cold and not playing emotional card over them . khalisatni used common sikh feeling . very sad .. ii have seen and you guys and observe this , a sikh can see themselves in there family . its not negative or positive , just practical . some of them , like khalsa aid , serve people in the name of khalsa not without intention of serving . ram ram
adani , ambani & other corporates had an eye on massive food grain market of india.they had few problems : problem 1 : states had different rules & regulations 2buy food grains frm farmers . it was difficult 4corporates 2handle so many states with so many different regulations & taxes modi solution : took control from states and made 1 act for whole country . corporates happy now . problem 2 : corporates will buy crops and store them . but essential commodity act will stop them for storing crops for long time , as it increase prices in market . modi solution : food crops will not come under essential commodity act and can be stored for longer period . corporates again happy . problem 3 it was hard to determine that what type of crop will be grown by farmers . modi solution : contract farming for farmers where they will be told by corporates to grow what kind of crop . corporates again happy . problem 4 : how corporates will handle court cases if anything goes wrong against farmers . modi solution : farmers can not go to courts . they will go to sdm and dc . corporates again happy as they can bribe them they say bills are in favor of farmers . ... hello everyone there are thousands of tractors and millions of farmers protesting on the borders of capital of india " new delhi " . dear world , it's the longest march in the history of planet earth by farmers for roll back of three laws imposed on them by present " government of india " . please support us , as the " farmers produces " are daily three times on your dining tables . indian media is paid by agencies and are fabricating the protest . support us , in writing the " most beautiful chapter in the history of this planet earth " . just forward this text to everyone in your friend circle , this is the only contribution we need from you . let it be the repayment of everything a farmer has given to you & your family directly or indirectly . just one forward please .
wishing for pollution free , pesticide free ( cancer free ) indian agriculture by 2025 with : 1 . net-metering solar panelled boundary walls with night lighting , solar pumps & drip / spray nutritious irrigation . 2 . all electric tractor , rotavator , harvester , thresher like farm equipments . 3 . grains / paddy stubble compost maker and compost distribution grid . 4 . farmville like visible e-marketplace where everyone can see online what others are growing very transparently with real time navic / bhuvan gps satellites and soil health card reports . here every farmer can put a price tag well before the crop mature , so that buyers , cultivators can line-up . 5 . online gps network for all government and private warehouses with transparent capacities , costs and facilities like nitrogen chambers and dehumidifiers . here also every farmer can put a price tag including warehousing fees for off-seasonal revenues . 6 . crop insurance settlement ratio is at par with world standards . 7 . all corrupt subsidies are converted into direct bank transfers / production linked incentives and liquidity control via kisan credit cards and cash credit accounts . for intellectuals & policymakers refinement and promotion ..
mujhe lalntop se judana he kese
boycott ambani adani baba ramdev ! stop buying all of these products ! stop the country from becoming ambanisatan adanisatan patanjalisantan ! support the farmers ! save the farmers save the country save the future of your children !
what a show ! !
17:05 he is only telling half side of the fact and misleading ... why don't check the income of us farmers it's relatively more than average americans and most of the farmers are in excellent condition ... only 2.2 million people are there in farming thier cause of failing are completely different from indian farming .. reasons are also very different ! ! wtf dont mislead people
lallantop always give best news than any other indian news channel . lallantop real expert
i prefer this channel because they are not biased
one could also argue the case of indian airlines , which was expensive and yet of substandard quality . with new market players ( other private companies ) coming in , in the end consumers won . today we have better choices and quality . similar is the case of punjab farmers . the land is not suitable for paddy farming but with highly subsidized water and electricity they are growing it at a high operating cost . this model is survived by msp , because that takes care of the operating cost . in this scheme other states which are more naturally adept to such farming lags behind and so is the quality of produce and economy .
for complete and unbiased understanding of this farmer's issue , watch the video in the link below .. its bit long because to explain things properly one has to go in details .. its by one of the most reputed teacher for civil services examination .. its for understanding purposes .. not by any news media .. so no propaganda here <url>
share & like ... join upsc / ssc online courses at affordable fees admission process : step - 1 : kindly visit <url> and signup to create personal id and password , step 2 : signin using that & click to select the step - 3 : click on course to enrol by paying the fees ( instalment options will be available to be first at the time of admission and rest every month ) 8429288939 , 8824412309 , 8824312593 , 6397788939 , 7014891411 ( 10 am to 6pm ) for any confusion mail us at thecatalyst.cse<user>
business elites are now looting india via political ordinance ruining day to day ... jago jagao nahi to jeena mushkil hone wala hai bhagwan sabki bhalai kare ...
if the agricultural is national interest then why it is putted in statelist and if central can make surgery to statelist then what is the meaning of statelist
u r best teacher and a best person of d world .
one fact wrong in the video ... if the price agreed in contract is less than that is going on in the market at the time of selling ... the farmers will get more price ... it's well mentioned in the acts ... if price agreed before the sowing of crop is 30 and the price becomes 40 in the market at the time of selling the produce then the farmer will be automatically entitled to the high price by the buyer ...
so why can't msp be increased ?
who decide rate of crops produced by farmer ?
sir please read essential commodities ordinance again .. please don't spread misinformation .
greatly explained sir
thanku so much sir for sharing this informative knowledge .
kisan badhay nhi h ye obtional hai fruit and veg pr to msp ab bhi nhi h .
sir , as you have said and what i have understood second ordinace is not force fully imposed on them . here also they have an options if they want then only they can do contract with private companies otherwise they can go with their own way of producing and selling process as they were doing earlier
thanks sir this is very helpful for me thanks again
now , i understand that the govt has opened up several doors for the farmers to prosper . three or four young and educated farmers in each village can make their own group , can have own cold storage , can have their own transport or hire vehicles and sell their yield independently in the nearby towns or adjoining states.they are free to sell their yield to any private company which gives them highest price . they may not require contract farming also if they , themselves can run companies concurrently . farmers also are self employed entrepreneurs like any other big entrepreneurs or businessmen . i feel that the new farm laws are good for farmers and hence they should invite them with full heart .
thank you sir
india mai govt sab online to kar rhi h but ek bhi site ache se chalti nhi h
thankyou so much sir , i easily understood the bills .
2 nd law .. , / quality , company size quality accept , reject , ...   ...
after hearing ur lecture on the issue . i've come to understand that the govt . of india , underwhat interest frame these laws ? without priore taking confidence of these farmers . otherwise for the vary interest of the farmers the govt . may welcome their opinions or leave these controversial issues by dissolving them for their interest or i believe that there is something else . i feel u too are not vary sure about the benefit of the farmers . hope u'll understand . why the govt is not able to satisfy farmers with their clearcut view as a true teacher .
you don't know anything totally rubbish
who will again come here , once new bill / reform will come ?
u r giving wrong information ...
sir , i know you tried to be rational about the on paper concept and practical application but i differ with your opinion on bill number 1 . in my opinion it affects the middlemen initially and benefits farmers but in the longer run the middlemen will again start mediating between farmers and purchasers but the farmers will be at mercy of market forces once apmcs shut down due to budget contraction . eg . bsnl .. i have been following the ground reports for two months now , mostly farmers are on the roads perhaps a little segment of middlemen is protesting too .. hope you take a thought and review your comments about bill 1
you missed variation point in sec - 5 of price assurance act .. if there is change in price , both parties mutually can decide price and add bonuses later also . only requirement is that this clause must be in their agreement . please add this point .
kya bakwaas analysis h ... pura time waste . bhai msp pe kuch bik ni ra aj k din , bas sarkar msp pe khareedti h . isliye to msp pe law ki demand kr re kisaan . apna homework badhiya se kro , seems u are politically motivated . thumbs down
according to 2nd law , " abhi agreement bna nhi hai , ' abhi banega and uss agreement me msp ke sath rate flexibility bhi di jayegi , ' matlab , agreement me ek rate fix kiya jayega ki hum 30 rs me kharidenge but jab fasal teyaar hi jayegi , uuse time pe agar rate increase hua hoga to useke hisaab se rate tay kiya jayega but msp same rahegi
better to watch vikas sir detailed video on farm laws .. many major things miss by the sir here .
thank you so much
these bills are curse to farmers and blessings to corporates
sir kya contract pe sign krna jruri hai agar farmers contract pe sign nhi kre to
bahut achhe se clear ho gya
terms and conditions v bta doh bhiya
hats off sir , , , tq sr
very informative
sir according to 2nd law farmer kbi b agreement se bahar aa skta h usko agar company ko saman nahi bechna h to wo agreement khatam kr dega i hope aap serious issues ko itna lightly le kr na chhore aapne galat interpretation kiya h isko correct kijiyega
sir aapne essential commodities pr thik se nhi bataya , uske sections and clauses , even on taxes u haven't explained ... bill ka act - 3 bhi important h or yeh hona chahiye tha ... but kuch loopholes h use reform karna h govt . ko but they should not step back ...
thankyou sir for giving such type of news
real issues / facts kept in dark , no need of such video .
modi gov is doing good by keeping both msp and contracting farming . upon the interest of farmers if they realise benefit , as they find pros and cons of two over the period of time if implemented and executed . either ways they can sell to both ( mandi arthiyas , fci or through contract farming ) they can sell partially or fully or a portion of land produce . so if one farmer reaping benefits from either of two ways or mix of two the other farmers will do the same . a viral-farming - - - a grant for a full liberty and liberalization , security and control . mass-produce no problem other states will buy , under-produce no problem , in next season i will go for contract-farming . i will beat and show my fellow farmer - next door how to beat competition and flourish . a non-barrier for every range of farmers to grow and excel . these 3 laws would be game-a structural game-changer for ages . like the ipl new produce , also keeping the test - matches glory alive as recently wistnessed against aus tour . a choices brings liberty , liberty allows sanity , peace and joy so whats wrong then ? ? ?
in the binding itself they can have if the price goes up they will have ( 50 % ) share from the increased price . if the price decrease they may decide based on how much price goes down and how much loss can be handled by both parties involved in the agreement . i love government involving in the contract too .
or rai bat private companies ki jio ka example lo .. aai thi market khatam kar dia .. hume laga logo ki sochi jio ne kam me service di .. ab competition almost khatam .. to ab jio 1000 kare net ke 10 lakh kare ... jhakk mar ke paise denge agar use lena he to .. bcz player hi 3 he .. wo to raji he bada ke sab .. wo hi kisaano ke sath hoga long term me .. jab market hi nai rahe ga .. fir 1 rs kilo me kharido nai to sada lo .. bcz jo he wo hi he .. msp aaj b declare hota he age b hota rahega kharid b honi chaiye
education policy ke bare mai video banaiye sir
jai farmers jai farmers
i think ; politics is the art of devil thinking
sir please discuss on the topic nobal prize of 2020
sir you are superb , very well exploitation
a p m c act mandi which control
farmer alway in distress during muslim britisher even congres ..
jaruri nahi hai ki farmer jo decision le apne liye vo bhi long term mein acha ho ... farming se bhot log hat rahe hai usse profit business banaya jayega tabhi koi non farmer bhi farmer banega ... farmer ke bache bhi farmer banenge uska kitna chance hai ... farming matlab sirf farming nahi hota uss mein automobile , banking , chemical , electricity , water , animal husbandry aur bhi bhot department hote hai , ... until unless farming mein har stage ke person ko profit nahi hoga toh vo naya research and development neya tech kyun lagayega ... abhi sirf farmers apna hit dekh rhe hai ... ye sab bhi dekhna padta hai koi decision lete samay
u lack of proper knowledge of these 3 farm laws ... u missed some very significant points ...
thanq sir
abe chutiya tum ekbar aur bill padlena contradictions bolke 196000 viewers ko bhatka kyun rahe ho 3rd bil me explanation me jo tumne janbujkar chupaneke kitte milre tume
misguided information .
you didn't critize the bills , especially the redressal system in case of dispute between the farmers ' and the corporate , which has been kept outside the purview of the courts . contract is a legal matter , it should have been connected to to the courts and not the executive magistrate or deputy commissioner . to that extent you are intellectually dishonest ! !
uttar pradesh and madhyapradesh has highest number of farmers ... and they are not protesting but busy in their agricultural fields ... ! !
msp nahi denga as per amit sah and farmers meeting . please discuss why government selling airports , railway , electricity and so on to private players
sir in second bill , if farmers are not able to produce food crop then what happen to the contract
during the discussion the govt gas assured that msp will be included one ordinance . another point you gave not explained po properly . holding if stock is permitted to farmers which wasn't allowed beyond certain qty now they can hold any amount if qty . however traders cannot hold the essential commodities beyond certain qty . this point us advantage to farmers govt also planning to create big cold storage every district . already farmers are benefitted in kashimeer on apple trade due to msp and direct selling .
minimum support price use to become maximum selling price in mandis , datsy farmers also use to through their produces whn thy don't get appropriate rate .
sab facts btate hai ... bt aapne facts k sath ground reality b btyi h
... those points are : 1 . msp ? ? 2 .
there is no msp in afmc mandi
ordinance were brought to purchase the farm produce during lockdown , and after its success these were made laws , you are a communist by thought
for additional info , 1 . economic times : view : modi govt needs to clearly spell out the intent behind the new farm laws : <url> ? 2 . financial express : farmers neednt fear agri-corporates , capital injection in agriculture is crucial to benefit from scale <url> 3 . hindu business line : breaking the impasse on new farm acts - business line - <url> 4 . why the center should not repeal the 3 farm laws : <url> , 5 . you tube channel <url> dispelling false info by sainath
punjab govt had passed bill against centre . and now rajasthan and chattisgarh govt is planning to move in sc . agriculture is a state subject . so why centre is bring this law .
thank you for information
tq , it means alot to me
thank u from
thank you so much sir ...
thank u
please also add voice audio .
sir thank you for your help by giving this information
i am with farmer
thank you so much sir . it help me a lot
some topics usually seem to be hard to understand but it just blow away when you start explaining it sir . you are truly amazing and such amiable personality we adore . fortunate to come across your channel , hoping to explore into more topics and we as your sincere listeners will help expand your network and dedicated work in every possible way . never lose your speciality sir .
great information ... you made it really simple to understand ...
very well explained , thanks
now that's something beneficial , unbiased and in such a lucid manner .. thanks a ton shantanu sir
1 . economic and social justice government ki duty hai .. govt is a not a business man ... india is one of the top countries among hunger ...   ...   ... ?
misguide aap kar rahe hain ... theek vaise hi jaise ignorant masses ko one way information de di jati hai ... aap jin logo ko in acts ke bare me bta rahe hain vo ignorant masses hain because they are not farmers . these bills are for farmer population ... they know the pros and cons of your statement . no shame at all ... zameer mr tutor aap me ...
i feel so fortunate and happy to have come across this channel .. the things i find bewildering are so lucidly explained ! thanks a lot , sir !
if govt has passed this bill to give benefits to the farmers . if in case in future somewhere if farmers incurred some loss due to this bills then govt duty to change as per the need . it is not compulsory that only bjp has to do it . it has to be done by the party who is in power . all time opposing is not the solution it will always keep us backward . success will come only after trying not by siting idle .
hiiii sir can you help discuss other such gd topics in your upcoming videos . will certainly help us a lot .
sr can you please explain then why farmers are disagreeing with the bill ? ?
thanku sir this video for me very useful
nice information sir . thanks so much ..
i'm a farmer and i know that each of these bill will eventually help farmers whether big or small and for those who think why farmers are protesting , its all politics . just like anti caa and cab .
honestly , i have seen this video today , i thought it must boring but it's not really easy and helpful ... thanks
farmers r protesting just on the basis of forecasts or assumptions like ' this may happen or that may happen ' . however farmers r free to sell their crops anywhere , if they think that dealing with corporates will lead to extinction of mandi system than they should stick to old system that is selling their crops in mandi .
thank you , sir . please keep uploading such topics . also u haven's show us the government's point of view to neglect farmer's demands .
great ... continue this gd pi series sir
please do some selected topics for descriptive questions in tisspat hope you will do videos on that or else pls give top news that can expect in tisspat descriptive question
thank you soo much sir ... u explain it very nicely ... sir please continue this series as it hepls alot
very helpful video , please post more videos like this on important topics , which will be of great help for the upcoming gds , wats and pis as most of the calls will be out by 3rd or 4th week of january . glad that i came across your channel .
hey santanu .. it's a huge request plz can u make video for static gk for cmat . like general awareness .. famous places . , temples , medicines
could you please explain the reasons why farmers are protesting in another video
thank you so much sir for this video . you explained it very well ..
thankyou so much ! you explained it so nicely
wow , really helpful and valuable.pls continue this as it will really help for gd
thnqq really helpful in conceived way
relevant and to the point ... saved a lot of time ... thnks sir .
this is helpful for my preparation , sir ! i am forever grateful .
thank you sir for this video can you make more such videos on various issues and topics that will help in pi and descriptive writing .
thank you sir !
very lucid explanation sir , loved it ! !
good morning sir happy new year .
yeh bill is purely crafted for manufacturers , corporates and companies ... not for middle class businessmen , small retailers aur bazaar ... small scale businessman jayenge corporate yah company ke paas jaaney ke liye ... toh fasal ka daam aasman choo lega .. 130 cr janta se 50 60 cr janta bhooka nanga gareeb hai jayega kaha ...
farms won't look like farms anymore in d future imo it's a problem on both the protestors and the govt's front
thank you
sir aap mujhe ye bataiye ki aap deferment topics par kaise teach karte ho or itni achhi preparation ke sath sir pls answer me
sir govt may saare ab crroupt log hai
toll free no . lagu krr de ki fci me jgh nhi to turnt complaint ho
har jagah cout ho thana ho hospital ho sabhi jagah google setelite gla hona chahiye jo ki bharasta chari nhi honi chahiye
sir please make video on places where contract farming is already practised . what are it's prose and cons .
great sir
we are proud of you sir
all india the great teacher khan sir
jai kisan jai mazdoor corporated govt murdabaad the fight is to protect food from going into the hands of corporates as well as farmers right both farmers and consumers will have to suffer under these farm laws
very well explained sir sir in contract farming i had heard about this that if factory which did the contract with any farmers neglect to buy the product produced by farmers then in this case farmer have no right to do file any case against that factory ? ? or company ? sir please clear this doubt is this true or not ? ?
1 - use new storage technology 2 - introduce online inventory for storage 3 - buying from farm should be computer system based with otp and online money transfer . 4 - data should be system analyses use ai and ml for fraud detection . punishment should accordingly for government employees ( this is for msp purchase ) 5 - fix the price of all goods and y-o-y increase / decrease the price based on inflation and agricultural gdp growth . make price models for 5-10 years . this will increase the farmers income .
best explanation ever sir thank you sir
very nice & knowledgeable
happy teacher's day sir
happy teacher's day sir
download our app - <url> follow dr gaurav garg on facebook - <url> follow dr gaurav garg on instagram - <url> follow dr mahipal rathore on instagram - <url> follow dr mahipal rathore on facebook - <url> follow prashant mavani on facebook : <url>
how can center enact farm bills , which is related to agriculture , when agricultural subject is under state list of 7th schedule ?
i think we need a strong federal structure like in the us where the states actually have the power not this quasi federal structure where the centre just bullies the states into doing whatever they want .
we need to improve center state list
punjab govt kisan ko bewkuf bana rahi hai . msp pehle bhi tha . aaj tak mandi ne sirf 6 % kisan ko hi msp se produce kharida . isliye central govt ko kisan ko ek aur alternative dena pada . central govt has made good law . private firms cant be forced for msp etc . it depends on demand & suppy chain . if private firms are forced , it will impact the business & companies will not take interest in dealing in such states . mandi monopoly is not good . there should always be alternative for farmers . let farmers decide whom he wants to sell
this is just politics . if punjab is thinking for farmers then they already passed similar bill so much early . they r just fooling their farmers .
correction - punjab mein oppotion mein aap hai
mahipal , thanks for the unbiased lecture . son of a farmer is fighting against red army at ladhakh border to protect delhi , where as father is protesting against delhi to save land , occupation and soul . - some fights or agitation , we only fought to show our exitance . punjab and punjabi's always raise voice against injustice without fear & without greed . @ haq_sach_insaaf . rights _ genuineess_justice .
npa will be increase due to punjab government
nasty politics nothing else
yes sir we know what will happen .. president work on advice of council of ministers and currently leader of council is modi ji
there should not be any tax to it
i against center farmer law good step punjab government
political stunt , won't bring any results .
proud of punjab government
article 254 , central laws are superior then state laws .
president of india think himself president of bjp ... definately be will reject punjab state government's bills .
jaan kr politician gumrah kr rhe hai , central government ka farmer bill sahi hai ...
we can clearly see the hesitation of punjab govt . to free agriculture market because they not want too loose there taxes . i am with centre .
3 years jail for doing business . what a joke !
no bjp states are only interested in politics . they don't care about farmers .
thanks for video
1:59- 2.03 " maine hi bola tha ki aap istefa de dijiye ... really ? ? ?
but if the governor and president refused to sign they have option to go court i think ..
president of india nhi wo government of employees hi
punjab people are well mannered and well behaved . they might have been misled by their rich politicians who have significant influence on mandis . they should try their hand in favour of central farm bills .
now allover india rices and wheat plantation that is way central government cheating with punjab farmers
banks will not provide loans to the farmers if attachment of lands will discontinued through this punjab farmer bill . i think the suggestions in this bill was made a night before it was passed . needs a lot of improvement in this bill .
before green revolution in punjab india take rices and wheat form usa very high rate
central government thing that time abut msp when farmers give food to all india that time central government say that we msp every time to punjab farmers
thanks sir for this video please make a video on maharashtra government take decision on cbi ( central bureau of investigation ) ( delhi police special establishment act , section 6 ) please give described on it cause nothing understand from news channel . now a days one habit becomes a part of life is that to talk with proofs .
its need to pass di bill because in punjab eaver farmer selling crops to government
punjab's acts are very good and helpful to farmers . bjp ( rss ) central farms acts are extremely harmful for the farmers all over india , after 1/2 years . it " encourages " already debt ridden farmers to sell their produce in non-apmc . how ? they had just state apmc to sell as they are not in a position to trade outside . also , center laws allows storing the foodstock , which will be disastrous to the farmers and consumers . it allows " profiteering " of private players . contracting with private companies is always a bad deal for farmers after 1/2 years . don't you know what happened in gujrat when a some foreign company refused to pay the farmers for potatos ? rathore sir , you are always pro-government instead of being neutral .
this bill is more helpful for farmers .
what's wrong in protecting msp ? just one thing ... corporate friends of pm won't like this .
well done punjab govt . central govt . is always against punjab and farmers
i think it's more helpful farmer then central bill
not agree with code of civil procedure punjab coz of dis bill npa will be increase .
demand and supply will balance out every thing .
appreciated move down with bjp
this act protect the msp
sir can you provide kissan bill pdf formate link in hindi
well don panjab i am really happy
even center should have adden a line in new bills that crops cant be purchased below msp by private players or they could serve them jailterm
let's see who's bills are good .
fantastic session sir as always .. thank you your effort jai hind
khalistan zindabaad , we have no need to sit on roads if sant jarnail singh ji khalsa bhindrawale are alive now
11:30 milk under msp that too with criminal punishment . this will be homicide . unlike crops milk is sold on daily basis . very few portion of milk is procucured by cooperative and companies . most goes directly from farmers to domestic consumers directly . any such move will not only reduce ease of doing business but also ease of living . just imagine a household can be jailed for small price dispute .
very very satisfied bills
i am from west up but i strongly support punjab legislative assembly's decision ...
good decision
thanks sir ji
perfect explanation .. thank you sir
sir plz make a video on bumper production topic
really ch * * * video . declare yourself at protestor but on other part plz tell whether an aspirant can write your points in exam ? non-sense you are
you are teaching or trying to justify farmers protest . try to teach don't act non-sensible ..
very good explanation .
accept my respect and gratitude from pakistan ...
looks like in states of punjab and haryana , there is great " teamwork " happening between traders , farmers and state governments . so the center should roll out the present agro reforms but allow the various state legislative assemblies to give a thumbs up or thumbs down to it . punjab and haryana and some parts of up want to continue the current status quo and their state legislatures will deliver that to them . in all other states of india , the agro reforms have been very well received especially those who know what is there in these agro reforms .
please provide reference on the mentioned " unlimited storage " clause . from what i gathered the bill still applies stock limits , but instead now has defined criteria to do so instead of bureaucratic determination and application . bill also mentions the reasoning for doing so - provide defined rules for private players to boost their confidence and encourage their investment in building storage capacities .
the underlying problem that presenter highlighted in most of the drawbacks is - " apprehension that govt . would abandon and cease to exist as a player , hence leading to exploitation by private entities " . but the government has assured that it would not cease to exist as a player and included strong provisions to protect the farmer in various situations . further , if market forces resort to such behavior , govt has tools and capabilities to further enact the laws to protect farmers interests . but based on this apprehension alone , is it fair to disallow the private players who could reduce inefficiencies in the system and portrayed successful co-operative movements like amul and others ? plus we have examples where govt . continues to exist as a player alongwith private entities - airlines , power , oil , telecom , banks etc .
18:05 - couple of points . 1 ) if contract done for 2000 , company can't arbitrarily reduce price afterwards and have to honor it as per the rule . 2 ) if company offers contract price of 500 ( down from 2000 ) for next contract , why the presenter says that the farmer doesn't have a choice ? the farmer is still free to contract with someone else offering higher price or he / she may choose to cultivate whatever and sell it in apmc at msp price - as that structure is still present . now that's for theory . however , on a realistic level , what produce does the company hope to secure by offering 500 for something standardized at 2000 ? do they plan to disrupt their model and go out of business without the raw product ? so , this 75 % price reduction seems far fetched . ultimately demand and supply forces balance things . if companies offer 1500 and less farmers contract for that price leading to less supply , demand rises and players emerge to offer more than 2000 now . the company offering 1500 finds itself in a touch spot now with lost reliability and fewer contracts .
great work sir ! my opinion is not to exploit farmers and yes msp should be a legal right
sir ... you explained in very efficient manner .
thank you so much sir .
sir u explained brilliantly with perfection
perfectly explained sir g love from kashmir
<url> an iim topper went to patna to sell veggies and became a millionaire , farm bills would give same opportunity to all farmers the three bills would free-up the farmers to sell the produce directly in the market , minimize the government power to regulate the stocks of essential commodities which includes various agricultural products , and formalize contract farming . these bills would cut the middlemen and improve farmers income , but , the opposition including congress which promised to introduce the same reforms , are now opposing these bill andmisinformingthem for their petty politics .
why are you spreading wrong information ? reliance patanjali l and t orf unaccedemy national securty defenec equipments gvt scholls to private schools govt colleg to private learning oppurtunities amul cooperatives its about more choices not about creating new monopoly . its about better learning plus competion to make india a highly competteive market in teh world than we can easily export
why are you spreading wrong information ?
uber auto is also available . actually uber finished the monopoly of autowalas who always demand price as per as their wish and also refused to provide services . but with uber you can go anywhere . similarly in telecom reliance brings down the cost .
thanks
perfect explainatio
very nice sir but it would have been a better analysis if you would have also given the benefits that the government will provide by introducing these bills , as their intention behind it might be moving towards a capitalist economy and reducing govt . involvement in major segments . however , what you provided was an analysis from the farmers ' point of view which was crystal clear .
awesome explanation sirji thanks
i request ... plz take the classes on optional ' public administration ' as psir is running now ...
crystal clear sir ... thnxx ... for this initiative ...
naya fasal nahin honetak rate badhta jata ye batenko sabko malum hai
bahut acche sir h aap jo itni help karte ho
option a ( 1 )
a is right answer
only option 1 is correct
farmers point : they are worried about price of their crop , msp gives some reliance , so they are demanding for it . common man point : if these bills will be implemented , then any registered company can buy and stock crop in unlimited quantity and store it till prices touch the sky , so black market will emerge and wheat which is around rs . 1800 per quintal will be more than this , no control will be of government on it , so common man have to pay high for food ( wheat , rice , vegitable , fruits etc etc )
a right h
option a
a is the right answer
only 1
thankyou so much team drishti ! :-)
thank you so much sir
' a ' is the right answer .
a is the correct answer
option-'a '
sound is not proper
option a is the right answer
a is right answer
option a
vice is very poor
option a
option a
only 1
option a
only a is true
only 1
option d is right ...
is it free of cost ? ? ? to study on drishti app
sound is not clear
option , a
option a
thank you sir for this current affairs
only 1
a option
option a
option c is the right answer for this question
govt . needs to initiate formation of platform for farmers in order to manage the agriecosystem with pricing policy as prevails in industrial sector . in fact , pricing policy for home market needs to be uniform for all products . this will safe guard equal opportunity for all citizens . each one's time will fetch equal monetary remuneration . but , i don't mean a work of higher importance will not be rewarded . it has got to be rewarded with out being monetary directly . it may be facilities that provide ease of life like services for which financial expenditure may be incurred by nation . well , coming back to agri policy , following points may please be considered for debate . 1 . an all india agri organisation be formed to formulate policies for farming , collection of yields , stocking of yields and distributing to consumers . 2 . policies for farming : a ) each acer of land should be assigned a set of crops time of cultivation . b ) required money and material input should be provided to farmer if desired by farmer . c ) all the yield will become earning of farmer with the apex body being custodian of all yields of all farmers from all lands . farmer can hold part of full yield for his or her home consumption with refund of input cost availed from apex body with interests if any . d ) farmer can only sell the agri yields to the apex body at the price calculated by apex body based in particular with pricing policy adopted for other products of market . it is note worthy that pricing policy needs to be only one for home market covering the total nation . e ) it is of utmost importance that uniform pricing policy will actually reflect the contribution of farmers to gdp which is deliberately lowered by manipulated pricing system prevailing in the country . f ) assets value of the apex body will be the total earning - inputs by govt . for formation of apex body-expenditures on input costs for technical guidance and collection and stock handling of yield till disposal in market . g ) the net value of the apex body is the combined value of all farmers of the nation . h ) each farmer will have it's agrivalue based on quantity of land utilised and can be availed any time with help of banking system integrated with apex body and it's farming community . i ) there should be no political interference and no political representation should be tolerated . it will work as an economic institution of govt . of bharat under pmo only . j ) basic policies should not be changed . but , additional options may be introduced for safety of farmers and the organisation . k ) tax factor must be considered to be imposed in order to maintain that farmers are not only feeders of the society but also tax contributors for development of nation . these are few points of consideration for making a better nation with happy and creative citizens .
sir option c hoga
question 1at truth
background mey music na lagaye please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please
only 1
option a
send pdf pless
pls provide essay on doubling farmers income by 2022
you are right
plz video of demerits also
how many pages is there in essay
correct arthiyas spelling ...
mam indian economic service ka mara single mind hai apna ies exam likha hai apka kya result rha please reply
very well effort ... well explained ...
very well explained
very well explained
will you please make a detailed video on upsc cse 2021 strategy ?
your videos are very useful and easy to understand , but don't know why you are not posting videos regularly ?
sir 11th me agriculture lena chate math week hai
nice sharing
commented
can this bill apply in the philippines ?
good one
good information
good stuff
thz really grate
nice and informative
aaditya subscribe u
22:00 govt . mango ko tab essential commodity mein dalegi jab price 50 se 100 hoga ... par mahngaai to tab b hogi price 50 se 95 hoga aur tab to mango essential commodity mein nhi jaaega ...
i intuitively knew that this bill is in favour of farmers so didn't watch any videos on this subject but today i came to know that rakesh tikait is planning to go to lucknow and bring instability on our independence day so i decided to know everything in detail about it and a teacher like you is best to understand such a complex subject from . now i'm hating congress even more
sir mai aap ke class ko off line padhati hu . aap btao accha padhate hai . thank you sir
presidential assent received on the bills - <url>
mam y august ki legal current affairs h ? ?
from where we can get this ppt and please don't cover whole board coz if we want to take screenshots we are unable to do
clat pg study material available 2021 ?
2nd formers bill is like handed over to private ( intermediary ) .. colonial form of agreement agriculture
got a great professional insight ... content bhi samajh aa gaya .. aur intent bhi .. jai hind
this wasn't good at all , unless preparing for an exam . you didn't explain it thoroughly . you only covered the theoretical points in the bill . they are written by professionals writers , of course it will sound good on paper ! what we need is someone who can understand the whole context , history , supporting and opposing views , fact check , analyze real data and then presend their final case ( for both side ) . this is really showing half the picture , and half knowledge is more dangerous than none . you're really doing more harm than good .
jai hind , farmers and soldiers are our back bone very important . we have to support both . i request and urge all the readers and subscription members to download pdf of all 3 farm bill and read it by yourself . search in this name the farmers ( empowerment and protection ) agreement on price assurance and farm services act , 2020 guidelines price assurance and farm services act , 2020 . pdf search the script of original farm bill talked in lok sabha . read in your own regional language along with english the farm bill . this is one of the best solution . by reading your understanding and supporting the right cause . thanks
new agriculture bill seems there will be work increase for lawyers ..
very well explained . i have a question , this alternative for mandi , who will provide ? big godowns and infrastructure for small farmers to sell their products , who will provide ?
at 7:50 time onwards there is support provide by govt on price information and marketing intelligence supports farmers on msp or price at 13:36 price assurance for production and variation is mentioned . farm bill has assured check out . at 16:38 insurance is assured
mdm plz help me ... kya disadvantage and advantage hai for 3 bill ... ? ? ? .. btayega mam hme to only for positive laga apne jo sikhaya wo ...
know about the power of state government to amend the agriculture law <url>
best explaination of farm bills available on youtube
ma'am you also provided course for sebigradeofficer legal officer or judiciary exam please reply maam
hello ma'am could u tell me ibpo so legal officer attitude , english and more what they will ask ? ?
very beautifully simplifying the confusing act
really important thank uh so much mam
if you could provide such videos in english , it will very helpful for all
liked before watching ! !
ma'am , can b.tech graduate also go for du llb ?
mam please make video on mh cet law 5 year 2020
mam upload a video about private college for admission if someone not qualified clat
maam plz tell me what about to do to best aftr ballb
thank you so much for this
amazing please keep making videos regarding legal current and such more legal knowledge
i have seen full video at once because you described it well . thanks
ur way of describing is awesome ma'am . thanku much for information
thanks mam
great work mam ... thank you ...
mam do u have any idea about provisional answer key dullb 2020
i am your first viewer mam ... luv your knowledge and efforts
mam do you have course for clat 2021
great ma'am ..
plz say the main words in english also . ques are good
flawless
thanks mam . nice video
plants free of water deficit events more efficiently absorb available plant nutrients enabling plants to achieve their maximum genetic potential . swrt membranes installed below plant root systems retain water where it falls , providing continuous delivery of drought-free periods up to 3 times longer than intensely irrigated control sands without root zone water retention membranes ( guber et al , 2016 ) .
very poor analysis
farm laws aur caa dono aane chahiyen . government aur citizens ke beech me communication itna accha hona chahiye ki citizens ko acche se poori baat samajh me aa jaye aur phir koi citizens ko misguide na kar sake .
there is almost 5 times increase in prices ( fruits and vegetables ) from farm to plate due to this apmc monopoly i support the acts and most of what consumers pay should reach farmers
for developed nation service sector contribute more than agriculture
price fixation mechanism is msp ... it will always be there
critics chutiye h
protesters are not farmer they're middle man who got commission 400 rupee's at every one quintal cereals commodities in <user> and especially why punjab farmers are leading against new farmers bill because of only political agenda of congress government .
hi . i have made these time stamps to help identify the section which anyone has a doubt about . it's difficult to watch the entire video , but if in any doubt about any portion of the act go directly to that portion . this is about the * farmers ( empowerment and protection ) agreement on price assurance and farm services act 2020 * intro to video - <url> sec 1 - notify date of the act - <url> sec 2 - definitions <url> sec 3 - agreement and responsibility of sponsor <url> sec 4 - definition of quality and 3rd party inspection of produce <url> sec 5 - how price discovery will be done in the new farm act <url> sec 6 - sponsor responsibility of delivery of farm produce <url> sec 7 - exemption from tax for farm produce and lifting of stock limit <url> sec 8 - no agreement for transfer of farmers land and structure on farm <url> sec 9 - insurance access and credit access <url> sec 10 - farm producer organisation and aggregator <url> sec 11 - agreement termination <url> sec 12 - registration authority by state govt . <url> sec 13 - conciliation clause ( adr mechanism ) <url> sec 14 - in court redressal mechanism <url> sec 15 - no order against farm land or farmer <url> sec 16 - government can give directions <url> sec 17 - all authorities will be called govt servants <url> sec 18 - acts done in good faith are immune from suing <url> sec 19 - no jurisdiction of civil court <url> sec 20 - supersedes state laws <url> sec 22 - central govt may issue notification <url> sec 23 - state govt may notify these <url> sec 24 - in case of difficulty may pass some order <url> sec 25 - ordinance repealed <url>
sounds like a more free market , that good for farmers ..
modi has to come out ... with a suitable solution for rythu agitations
very good explanation of the bills and critics views in a very short duration video
thats why we are experiencing surge in edible oil prices ...
but govt assured that the apmc will always be there and msp will always be provided there , apmc will never be shutdown , its farmers choice to go outside and explore more options or to go to apmc , just like bsnl is there along with other private telecom operators to regulate the telecom tariff , my father is a farmer from karnataka , he is very hardworking person , we grow paddy , here from 40 years what i am observing is only the middlemen and millers are benefitting from our crops , after working so hard and investing so much on labour's and pesticides , facing natural calamities , labour problems , water problems , machinery problems , new type diseases in the crops and all , what we are earn is just to accommodate our basic needs of food , cloths , bike thats it , forget our hardwork , sometimes we won't get back our investment also , present crop cutting done in this dec month is a complete loss for all paddy growers here , yield reduced very drastically due to new virus in our crops just like covid on humans , we not made any property from past 40 years , we don't get any thought of making some property with that earnings , just life goes on with hardworking forever , so something to be done to benefit the farmers , all these days only businessmans , middlemens are having decent earnings and making properties everywhere , small farmers fate remains same even after another 50years until unless if something is done now , our country is developing means everyone of us should develop , everyone be a part of it , only few sector people are developing is not a whole development of the country , these farm bills are not a big news here in south india or at least in our locality , big protests and all happening there in north india , i doubt does farmers really able to understand these farm bills properly , mostly some opposition parties , middlemens and others who are benefitting now are having knowledge to understand these bills and its impacts and to safeguard their earnings in future they are provoking farmers with false predictions to protest against those bills , i trust our pm modi like our family head , he never do anything harmful to the farmers or any other sector hardworking people , he doesn't have intentions to earn something by supporting corporates bcz he not even have children's to earn for them , treats all of us as his children's , these farm bills are actually beneficial to the farmers and consumers except those middlemens , initially there may be some loopholes , bcz everything can't set right on one go , it will take some time to block all loopholes , later definitely will have good future in the farm sector also
the farmers are being fooled n manipulated ... i had hoped for the sikh community to be clever n wise ... but reality is another thing i presume ! ! !
jai hind , farmers and soldiers are our back bone very important . we have to support both . i request and urge all the readers and subscription members to download pdf of all 3 farm bill and read it by yourself . search in this name the farmers ( empowerment and protection ) agreement on price assurance and farm services act , 2020 guidelines price assurance and farm services act , 2020 . pdf search the script of original farm bill talked in lok sabha . read in your own regional language along with english the farm bill . this is one of the best solution . by reading your understanding and supporting the right cause . thanks
the farm bill exposes no brokers you can sale any part of india . then why this ? i think they are brokers ?
why are farmers from only punjab and haryana protesting not from other regions ? ?
punjab farmer will become more rich and prosperous if they carefully understand the bill like western countries ' farmer . farmers should be little patient instead of assuming as if modi is some representative of ambani / adani . modi is 70 year old and he doesn't need money from ambani and adani . stop blaming modi . modi is transforming india so that farmer's generations in future can continue to be proud farmers of india with richness and wealth . modi is bringing india at par with western economies . farmers are misinformed . modi is cleaning up mess of congress and corruption . modi doesn't work for any ambani and adani .
only 6 % farmers use apmc facilities , rest do all those times discribed in bill , so it is just politics now ,
bad editing
my dear friends please watch the reality in this video about these bills and how people of punjab gonna be effected by these bills . link below . <url>
congress and local parties don't want good to india .. farmers died from years . bjp only good to india and hindus
every one who is supporting the farmer bill is missing out the point most of the farmers in india are the farmers who have lands less than 2 hectares . they don't have the proper resources to sell their products to the farther places as this will need huge transportation cost which small farmers can't bear even if they are getting high prices . secondly , selling to the traders at farther places will not provide payment security that they will get their money on time . thirdly , the market is just like the stock market they have to wait for good price , but unfortunately , very few have proper place to store their grains . government's intention is not wrong but there are some loopholes in the bill .
government want pass the mandi to private player . private companies contract with farmer what company see profit in other side they broke the contract . without apmc mandi who buy farmer's crop ?
covid not covert
in long term , these bills will adversely affect the common people as well as farmers . soon whole india will become a capitalist economy and all policies will benefit only fiscally rich people
this video should be in hindi for farmers farmers don't understand english
it's good day for farmers and black day for middle men
selective imposition of income tax on non farmers including handicapped non farmers and selective billing , in punjab , of electricity charges on non vote banks including handicapped punjabis , are modern day version of jazia.why blame only medieval rulers ?
all freebies , subsidies , tax exemptions meant for the small / marginal farmers are usurped by the rich / super rich farmers . nri owners of agricultural land in punjab who have not set foot in india for years , bribe patwaris and show themselves as ' khud kasht ' - i . e . actual tillers , in the revenue records . such nris and others then take free electricity etc benefits
according to me farmers bill is the best thing modi has done cause i know my friend whose father is middle men in apmc market and their turnover is over 1cr / annum , he lives lavishly in posh area and his college fees is 60 lakhs for course , i don't know how these middle men earn soo much but i know farmers are being fooled and this bill is best thing for them .
analysis shows pretty limited view and limited understanding of the acts except good philosophical words
one sided journalism . it's upto the viewer to open up their minds .
gov . & its economists never say a word about the msp that is assured to some of india's most valuable companies : the large oil refineries who get assured prices for the petrol and diesel they sell to us . msp leftist ! ! msp ! ! ye gdp - 24 %
farmer sows the seed . bible is the seed god jesus sowed n satisfied our soul . c " bible ' in google ! '
there is no problem in this bill to farmers . problem is for marketing brokers of opposition parties
dude this protest is ridiculous .. govt already stressed that apmcs nd msp will continue ... just that farmers will now get 2 options to choose from .. either apmcs or corporates based on who gives them better prices . it creates competition along with profits and more farmers would be interested in farming . it's such a basic law to increase agricultural productivity . how else would you frame a law .. such an unnecessary politically motivated backlash
" the hindu " conveniently hides behind the word " critics " ... this video is only speculating and seeding apprehensions in the mind of the viewer ... how about your " learned minds " speak the truth for once ...
hey hindu dont ask any girl to read the news with long sentences it is not easy to understand for video viewers . completely absurd
most of the farmers are supporting but i don't know why some are protesting
<url> watch this link to know the farmer bill
i think the new law will not do any harm to the present condition of farmers , it also will not give benefits to farmers as claimed by bjp . the condition of farmers will continue the same . contract farming possible only for farmers who own large extent of land , a minimum of 25 acres . but the small scale farmers , who are large in number , who own only one acre or below has no any benefits by this new enactments .
agriculture bills are opposed to help brokers to continue to exploit farmers and extract more and more profit ... who are we / govt to tell farmers to sell their produce to apmcs only ? ? its his crop , his investment and his labor ... he should have the option to sell his produce to whoever he wishes to ... if apmcs are foolproof or 100 % transparent ... then why there are thousands of incidents where farmers have to throw their produce on roads ? ? then why did congress put the sane reforms as its general elections manifesto in 2019 ? ?
hoarding made legal . wah modiji wah . this bill definitely lead to exploitation of farmers .
mukesh ambani buys big bazaar : future groups retail , wholesale , logistic biz sold to reliance retail for a huge 24,000+ crores
if govt really want to help farmers then they fix msp if govt want to help buyers they doesn't say to store goods in in limitless quality only 1 line ants get it's wing before death
everyone just talks about the first law . why are they changing the essential commodities act ? who will be benefited by legalization of hoarding ?
the woman at 2:19 appears to be wearing dakmanda ?
this is not fare
* the hindu should be in all regional languages as well so that such news will reach the poor and unfortunately anti national maintream media don't even bother to show such news for the indian people *
farmers will understand the bill one day ... they are not dumb as congress party believe them to be
this government is selling india to adani and ambani , and in the face of opposition to this move by the agrarian and monopoly capitalists , i will face ' pakistan and china ' with my 56 - inch chest , crush the jihadists and say ' aarsha bharat culture ' again , and become ' poor narayanans ' again . .. even if it is a farmer who returned to bandara due to government policy and bought poison at home . if the government gives relief to 6000 farmers on the eve of elections , then all is well .. then we can give relief again before the next election ... the bjp in india has a problem that can only be solved by spreading hypocritical nationalism and racism in pakistan and china . the indian public consciousness has changed so much . as long as the bjp can easily convert the votes of dalits , bridesmaids , chandalans and eezhavas into " hindu " votes in india ruled by ministers who proudly claim to be a non - onion eating caste , ' anti-jihadi ' love laws will continue to prevail in india . prohibition of notes , gst , amendment of citizenship , for example .. most indians today have the rage ( common sense ) to say that everything is an arrangement to rehabilitate jihadists .
congres made the situation more worst
the new framer bill more benefit for farmers .. this khangresss and cpi are misleading the bill
<url> i am from punjab and wanna tell you ... why we are against center govt . this video is the truth ... plz open your eyes godi people
bjp tells everyone to breathe . congress dies of suffocation .
this bill is in favor of mncs . ambani and amazon will own a big portion and will hire farmers as their employees . farmers are true owners and must remain forever . farmers are not so educated to go digital marketing . im a farmer too . brokers help in collecting and dumping the vegetables to market and must continue to do so . farmers cannot do a to z - this bill is to only bring in the mncs as the brokers . please stop this bill to see ' amazon apple ' , ' tesco spinach ' . we need to see the farmers name and not an mnc . mnc are targeting to own and sell the produce . watch some movies made on such concept to understand better .
all about farm bill 2020 protest , pros and cons . <url>
simple goverment can collect taxes promptly from corporates . it will increase direct tax collection . in future goverment may collect gst on handling of farm produce .
end of democracy in india watch and all your answers is here <url>
no only association , middle man , and opposition are .. doing not a farmer .. the hindu
shown just a single side of the entire story !
the bill doesn't take or give anything from farmers , it just allows them to take opportunity that previous government never provided . #paidprotests
although gov keep saying that these bills will facilitate direct transactions with farmers , what we will see is not dis-intermediation , but re-intermediation . companies will find that its too expensive to work with a large number of farmers and look for intermediaries who will aggregate produce for them .
g jeelani are you expecting farmers to read through some pages and be able to understand the bill and later consequences ! are you expecting farmers to go through lengthy contracts and make agreements ! most of our farmers cant read and write , even the ones who can do not have time and patience to understand legal compliance .
bjp should leave sad alliance , if it truly cares for poor people , sad supporters are real anti poor , pro landlord people .
those who oppose bill are not farmers but middle men in the disguise of farmer .
great bill good day for farmers ..
i think broker issue may increases who deals with farmers and monopoly on traders . my father face many times by brokers .
sir , i am regularly visiting the apmc in the state of karnataka for my house hold requirements . here most of agricultural products are procured near to market and the price of product is very nominally good to consumer and quality of product is very fresh . of course there is middle man in every field and organisation . even to procure defence equipment from other countries the governments based on middle man . but these are call as consultants . one more important thing that the farmers cultivate according the food habits of local population this give benefit to both farmers and consumers ... the laws made by the central government not in the position to give any helping hand to marginal and small farmers and who are account more than 80 % of farmer population .
the way this bill has been passed in parliament shows that we are heading to dictatorship.from banning of question hour to snatching the voting rights , censorship of rajya sabha tv , neglection of parliamentary commitees , it is very evident .
the content of video per se needs more elaborate explanation
i am farmer son i know how we are suffuring example we sell tomato at 2-5 per kg .. in 2020 as well as in 2019 ... not congress not bjp done that great for farmer .. but when we buy in market the minimum price of tomato is 10-50 per kg does electricity prices not increase for us ? ! does diesel cheap for us ? ! does we buy tractor and other tool for free ? ! .. if you have any suggestions and plan to solve this problem then only speak else shut your mouth .. if government really want something for farmers then plz install solar panels at cheap or free .. build cold storage and storage in each village .. make supply chain to reduce farmer exploitation ... ( currunt scheme take long time for processing our application ) and many more ... but media and news paper not mentioned this type of solution they only spread political news ...
what type of good business idea and knowledge does media serve to farmers and people ... nearly 0 ... they know only one thing trp , their profit , and surving someone's narrative ... when all india media are mature then our country problem solve by it self ... slowly ..
..
a great piece of legislation in an idealistic society which we are not . the passage without votes shows the death of democracy . the bill which has been applicable in mh and bihar has never helped any farmer is a fact . one can only hope such idealistic things will be good to farmers ' interests and not corporates in our de facto authoritarian country . i wonder how illiterate farmers will be able to sign complex contracts with corporates without knowing they are not on the wrong end of such contracts . will anyone let alone farmers be able to fight such corporates in a court in the case of violations of such contracts ?
dear team of the hindu you should have to make a video on this topic in hindi also
historic bill for farmer's well being .
the hindu newspaper has lost it's essence it once had back in time .
nobody is opposing these bills in north east
the eca is more dangerous . it legalise hoarding so anyone could create artificial shortage and food prices r gonna skyrocket just like petrol and diesal .
i think it's important to really look at who's opposing the bill .
punjab will end up being poorer as a result of not adopting the bills .
eliminate the congressi middlemen culture in every business
this bill is good for farmers but bad for middle man and dalal ..
the main issue here is that there is no mention that trading through apmc will continue under msp in law.if gov is ready to give msps , & they are making laws for corporates and companies , why dont they include ' msp ' point in law ! ! ! , for the sake of farmers ? ? it will give every farmer assurance & peace of mind.just a simple issue , gov can include that point in law.now after this much protest , pm is lecturing , but why gov refrained to include this point in law ? laws are there for providing justice at any cost.everyone can be happy , but its like crushing democracy in parliament & when pressure created by protest , they have raised the msp , that too lowest raise in last 11 years . take a example ... we know that no one can harm us & if anyone harm us , they must have to be punished , & for that , a law is important for common man to fight for justice .
hope your fears come true , and modi & nda displaced and you can bring back mandis with more power and farmers will be thank full for your writings and videos .
not the best discussion on rstv :(
bring diverse opinion panelists who criticise govt also
the example of milk was not a good example from the reputed spokesperson , as we only receive 35 rupee for seeling milk to pvt dairy , and they sell that on 50 rupee aprx in the market ... where this difference value went . ? ?
prof ramesh chand
so they put all the gov . representatives to discuss such an important topic . there should have been another person to put forth the farmers point of view .
one thing that concerns me is the question , what will become of the consumer's side ? ... what are the odds the prices wont go up as onions due to hoarding . and the odds that procurer ( corporates ) decides to rise the price of produce ... ? ... we have seen what has happend in telecom industry ( jio )
thanks
i am still having certain doubts about it 1 . let say through privatization competition will increase , but what is the guarantee that competition will inc the price of produce for farmers . ex let's say companies providing 100 for a produce when msp is let's say 120 , now mandis middleman will join companies in long run as why would they buy from farmers with at least 120 rs . so in long run it will effect mandi system as whole . let's admit small farmers don't have power to argue with companies and now it will open competition . 2 . regarding stock holding : for big farmers they can store their crop and sell it later at high price . for small farmers , middleman will take and store and sell at higher price . earlier let's say stock limit was 100 , but now no stock limit as hoarding can be done easily . so take produce from farmers at low cost , store it and sell it . 3 . regarding contract farming : let's say small farmers produce 10 quantal and companies need 100 quantal so instead of buying from him , company will buy from big farmer . open competition does not help always , i guess milk open competition was successful due to formation of cooperatives . pls give your view regarding this .
it was a very informative session . the point that prof chand made ' competition will take care of all stakeholder ' . but my point is that competition should start from a common start point . do you people think that a small farmer will able to compete with the corporates ?
this is the show i hope my family watched rather than all the filth like big boss etc .
a very productive discussion but today here you did not call anyone who opposes the bill and can come out with the drawbacks of the bill . one such is no mention of msp in the bill , govt should make compulsory for both private and govt . itself to buy crop at msp .
rstv i am requesting to go farmers what they are saying go to ground work . and why shiromani akali dhal leader why resigned from central government . so pls go to farmers and do ground work pls save farmers
ramesh chand sir i doo not understand why can't you people be unbiased mention regarding . uttarpradesh example worst example one can ever give pls listen to farmers first think according to them they are not uneducated politicians they are pure soul
can anyone tell me what is tnc farming plz ... it would be great help
prof . ramesh chand was giving great information in a easy way . thank you so much
law without farmers and discussion without farmers but a 1991 moment for farmers
although the discussion was good but frank sir could have made it better , smoother and a more equal kind of debate .
what happens to farmers in case of natural calamities like draught and floods ?
people complaining about no critic in the panel , don't you have any video regarding that . look up and you would find thousands of critics . and mind you less than 5 % would be actually having knowledge about the actual situation . if you are so keen on knowing the criticism my advice would be to first hear the pro and then lend your ear to critics as much as you want , you may swim in the river of criticism as long as you want . mind you , you won't find quality criticism .
thanks to rajya sabha tv who cleared all my daubt which in not cleared by the hindu
if competition was to take care , there would have been no need of psus ... going for invisible hands is good but for the sensitive , risky sectors like agriculture should be based on facts rather than mouth talk only ... farmers do not have bargaining power to face private companies ... and perishability of farm produce will force again to distress sale ( right now also happening the same , it's just rather than middle man the beneficiary will be capitalists now , hence this bill will not have drastic change for farmer but to * * * marts coming in market as e commerce ) ... other produce are not perishable hence for that invisible hands can work but in case of agriculture only cashier's hand are working .
kindly increase the run time of this show and do bring in a more balanced panel eventhough the points were good but there wasn't really a proper debate btw opposing views .
today i realised that even rstv has joined godi media
what the controversy is about kings losing their privilege .. independence must come at cost of kings { middleman }
sir , please include panelists also from other grounds like sociology and having dialectical approach . a better perspective could be achieved and a better choice
milk example is perfect
what about the critique of it ... its missing :(
i simply can't stand the style of the mediator ... frank sir is the only one who should be here .
best discussion nd extremely knowledgeable .. but the other side of coin is missing ..
rstv debates are now panel of government dogs . they all are deviating the people from the truth . i am a farmer's son , i have read the bills bring honest agriculturist devinder sharma in the panel , he will tell the truth of the bills.shame on these 4 persons in the panel , they are anti nationalists.we want msp guarantee law .
1 - famers become price taker to price maker . 2 - bargain with commercial group . 3 - with the help of e - commerce they can become traders . 4 - review provision if the price increase due to some conditions . 5 - can lead to large economic activity in rural areas . 6 - do not effect msp ( administrative law ) system they are legal law . 7 - ignited by middle man ( punjab , haryana ) as they have good hold . no other state have any murmur . 8 - state revenue will have loss . 7000 crore in punjab . 9 - farmers will have choice . ( milk is sold everyday ) ( people have choice to sell lo ocal sender , amul ) 10 - extension and expansion of what is done by upa . xxxxxxxxxincruxxxxxxxxxxx
once again very sensible and information full discussion
this discussion could have been more comprehensive if you would have included any farm representative in ur panel
where is frank ? i miss him on big picture
unfortunately representative of farmers is absent . 1 . example of milk is good but market works on demand and supply . in case of wheat and rice , production is high and thus open market may not provide much . other side , both commodities are part of nfsa and are subsidised by govt . 2 . though farmers can sell in open market , but cost of storage , transport is high . 3 . information assymetry will be against farmers 4 . in punjab and haryana , middlemen are providing credit to farmers in need though on high interest rate but it is better when no other option is available to get money without collateral 5 . issue of selling product anywhere - at ground level state govts . create barriers . e . g . recently haryana has banned paddy and bajra from u . p and rajasthan . 6 . is it true that private players will invest in physical infrastructure for farmers in markets . they will come just for making money . 7 . though it will not end msp but in future , state governments may be reluctant to buy on msp . it is real fear among farmers of haryana and punjab . 8 . the govt . itself should end middlemen and give legal status to msp . 9 . what will happen when govt . ban export of agriculture commodities to control inflation . it is against very idea of open competition .
these reforms will transforms the agriculture into more corporatizing ... comment
conclusion is that this bill is panacea for our indian farmers nd i must say bjp nvr think about thr vote banks which is more attrctv .. i supoort this bill
what example did mr sandip das gave about pune mandi ? the name is unclear .
prof . ramesh chand has explained very very nicely ... good to see such an intellect in niti ayog
prof ramesh chand , kudos for an excellent presentation which has allayed all apprehensions regarding the provoked fear in the minds of the farmers that with the new law , apmcs may vanish and msp too . you have made it abundantly clear that the new law has nothing to do with the apmcs which is a state subject , as it only permits the farmers to either sell at apmc or outside apmc without paying any commission , and it also permits any farmer , group of farmers , producer group themselves can act as trader integrator , to collect , process , pack and sell . in addition you have also mentioned that there is no compulsion on any farmer to sell any crop including fruits and vegetables in the apmc and they can sell any where without paying any market cess . you have also made it clear that it is the competition which is the greatest protector of all stakeholders . except 2 - 3 states , apmc act is in all states for notified commodities , where a farmer needs to bring produce to apmc yard for its trade . if a farmer would like to sell at his farm gate or elsewhere he was not permitted to sell . it is also true that no one could purchase from farmers directly and any one with a permanent account number can get involved in marketing . therefore hitherto farmer had to sell only and only through apmc channel . since the last 18 years discussions were going on reg changes to be made in this act to enable farmers providing flexibility . so after long thought after discussions , debates , in this new act , flexibility or options are provided to farmers to sell wherever , to whom ever at a price agreeable between farmer and buyer , and this allows farmer / s to bargain ; it also provides for electronic platform , and thuspvt players can set up e platform and farmers can make use of them . farmer with permanent account number or farmer group can buy as a producer group or as trader to integrate , collect , process , pack , which can free farmer completely from binding of sale at apmc . apmc mandis will be intact since they are governed by state apmc act . there will be multiple avenues for farmers to sell . direct purchase reduces transaction costs substantially . the second bill is on contract farming , where farmer's price insurance is considered . punjab had contract farming act which was not comprehensive . a small farmer who has no access to tractor or capital , could enter into agreement with any agribusiness firm and sell the produce at pre detrmined price which is again subject to review , if there is increase in price of produce , the farmer will not be put to disadvantage . it will also enable contract with processor / s with the farmer and this leads to large economic activity in rural areas especially in ( primary ) processing . these two bills will not affect msp including procurement in any way . msp is not a law , it is an administrative decision of the govt.he provision of purchase outside apmc will also make mandi merchants in apmc competitive . farmer is now freed from the clutches of middleman . if processor can access farmer directly and he assures a quality product , it can be done thru contract farming . how the farmers ' interest and of other stake holders are protected . : competition itself is the best protector of stakeholders . farmer now can choose multiple channels for sale . these multiple options will themselves act as protection . more than 10 crore people sell milk every day 365 days , worth rs . 8 lakh crores annually , without any apmc , without any dispute . because of competition , such as cooperatives , pvt vendors , but with no disputes . in case disputes , the institution such as fpo , the state machinery will take care.fruits and vegs have been taken out of apmc . in maharashtra , maha grape , maha mango are dealing with these crops . now there is no compulsion on anybody to sell any crop in apmc , not necessarily fruits and vegetables . so this is just an extension of upa policy which said exclude fruits and vegetables from apmc . agribusines or contractual firm has to pay 1.5 times to farmer if they back out . with privatization , competition will increase and protect the stakeholders . because of contract farming , the quality of produce will also improve .
panel should have been manned by one eminent person from agitating farmers side .
they all who unknowingly criticised bill they are conservative in nature i think they dont want change in the society they still believe in persistence of traditional way
biased indian government ( big ) picture ... should bear balanced view before winding up ..
most of the time the speaker was from niti ayog ... n it was a bias debate ... no offence
totally biased panel
why don't you allow other panelists who have different point of view on this . are you also scared of govt to invite panelists who have different point of view .
alonk sinha is wrong there are protest through out the country . why there is no counter side in debate ? ? rstv acting like godi media these days . utterly disappointed .
i'm so laughing on the attempts by mr dahiya .
stress is still there in dairy industry
ramesh chand in the beginning was like educated sambit patra ...
it would be better if u must have a farmer's representative in the panel , mr . dahiya . the agriculture is collapsing because such bureaucrats and agriculture expert r making policy and acts , who have nothing to do with agriculture prictically but have theoritical bookish knowledge . such people r busy in kissing the feet of their political bosses . if these acts have potential of revolutionizing agriculture than the farmers of europe and america would be prospered who are rather in far worse conditions than their indian counterparts.even farmers of bihar have prospered which have these provisions already . agriculture can't prosper unless right people are placed at bureaucratic and other agriculture related posts and work with synergy and commitment . and one advise to such so called experts , upcoming generations of farmers will ask you ; why were you so desperate in ruining the future of farming with your limited bookish knowledge and habbit of kissing the feet of your political bosses for opportunitism ? it is the mere the tectis to do away with the msp / subsidy which is putting a burden on government fiscal health due to food security act . this country can't afford food subsidy to 67 % of its population . it would have been better if you have decreased the no of subsidised food beneficiary from 67 % to 25 % genuine poors . you would never be succeed in your misadventure to provide food subsidy to 67 % of population at the cost of farmers . thanks a farmer
good example of fruit and vegetables , , it is the real successful example of this act , other experts on study channels lack the understanding of real mechanism of farming system in india .
this is an imbalanced episode , in the same fashion as was the procedure adopted in rajya sabha to pass these bills . the fact that oppositions were debarred to enter to daily business of the house , the same case here adds ooops to my astonishment .
talk did not have space for the small and marginal farmers
there should have been atleast one penalist from farmer organisation for his opinion . still ambiguous
this was a biased discussion in my opinion .. no opinion on the possible downsides of the bills ... should have been a more balanced .. these bills are not full proof
rajya sabha is lossing it's credibility .. not balanced debate .
this intellectual experienced panel would have discussed if they find any flaws . what required is a proper complaint redressal machanism for farmers where even a small farmer can put his grievances and get justice in a time bound manner .
the hindu trademark for upsc has been changed and you can find indian express , live mint to some extent provide well articulation of subjects .
if a farmer feels he cant bargain then he will better go to mandis to get his product sell with msp . the point is if no one has problem with the way milk market functions then why there is foul cry for this extension .
every time professor chand said : dahiya ji .. i smiled :)
only channel i trust best for cse
i could see mr.dahiya struggling to intervene prof ramesh chand flow
prof rameshcand i have one question is that what are long time effect of this act ? what will type of situation after 10 to 20 year i think mandi will be finished and then farmer totally depends upon open market and case farmer live or die don't effect of anyone
there was no debate today . just advantages of act is discussed . disappointed
sir are agree to this bill provided benfit of farmer
there is only one biggest concern for farmers , that is having less bargaining power than wealthy buyers , they might end up getting lower price . and thus making msp legally binding on buyers can safeguard the farmers ' interests .
counternarrative is altogether absent ... we want more balanced panel .
this panel doesn't deserve the quality of big picture . farmer is not bound to sell there produce in apmc mandi . he is also sell the product in village or in open market .
thank you
very nicely explained ... but kind of one sided , could have had a member of the akali dal as well to justify all these protests .
the farmers ' produce trade and commerce ( promotion and facilitation ) bill , 2020 allows trade of agricultural produce ( includes , milk , eggs , fish , etc ) outside apmcs . provision of e-commerce facility . farmer can also act as a trader . does not affect msp in any way . it is an administrative decision . will make middleman , the state tax on mandis irrelevant . most of the agitation concentrated in punjab and haryana since their hold of middlemen is stronger . competition is the bigger helper . for example , milk being sold lucratively even in the absence of apmc . quality will increase . the farmers ( empowerment and protection ) agreement on price assurance and farm services bill , 2020 . contract farming - selling the goods at a predetermined price , also access to inputs . push to food processing sector . too much protection given to the farmers . telegram channel : iassimplifiedchannel
not well discussion bcaz there should be one who argument this .. no one is telling about lackness of this bill .. why without vote this bill passed ... , , private player always think about their own profit .. private player can create artificial shortage ... this type of argument is not discussed ... go and see study iq discussion on this .. and devendra sharma ji agriculturer expert discussion with rathee .. then u will no the lackness of bill ..
going forward , the mandi will come to the farmer's door step rather than the farmer going to thr mandi now .
discussion is only pro liberalist , no one of them talked about state subject / revenue and other concerns of farmers such as in absence of competition , monopoly of market could be there , price rise of agriculture products might be incure in the absence of non regulations . more over the issue is a structural change so wider discussion and concessus is needed which not taken care.its is like demotivation and gst implementation which slump the economy , now who will care for farmer and consumer ? panel must be balanced to stakeout all the pros and cons .
what is rtr
disappointed ! was looking forward to hear both sides . this does not look like a healthy discussion .
i welcome apmc act 2020 . in 2006 , the same was implemented in bihar and profit of farmer has increased almost 3 to 4 times and now every farmer is able to buy bicycle and happily doing job of labour in urban area . i hope very soon all farmer of the country will become rich and will buy bicycle .
is this a debate or a lecture by just one member ?
more misleading ...
yes there is need one critic
very lucid explanation . thank you :)
this is the best channel for listening debates . it cleared all my doubts . thanks to rstv .
every thing has pros n cons ... plz bring out farmers view ... why they are protesting at such level ... ..
sir how can u relate milk with wheat / rice ? ? ... people purchase milk easily because it is produced daily and consumed on daily basis ... but wheat is produced once a year ... how will farmar find someone who will buy it in bulk
where is frank sur
what does alok sinha knows about farming ? ?
u speak so pure hindi
i only know farming is not easy ... what ever you want to grow ...
200 farmers already died . and they know bill better than us so keep supporting farmers .
i have watched many videos ( not sugar coating ) but this video made me clear the concept of farm bill and protest . thankyou
totally against this andolan , these are not kissan but funded people by opposition parties and rich peasants .
apmc in punjab - haryana is one of the best in the world .. due to this u can see the difference in farmers of punjab and bihar , where apmc was abolished and are mercy of private players
very well explained
nice explained mam
v v tq mam request ko pura karne k lie . i'm very happy for this . now study really glows
2019 congress manifesto me khud bolti h ki ye law hum leke aayenge agar hum power me aaye to . congress ruled state me already ye law implement the ( kerala me apmc hi nahi hai ) bku ( bhartiya kisan union ) ye ek congress supporters / wing union h jo protest kar rahi hai . aur iss bku ne hi march 2019 me tweet krke ye law naa lane ke liye goi ko criticise kiya tha . goi ne 23 nov yani " delhi chalo " wale movement ke pehle hi kisan union or kisano ko invite kiya tha discussion ke liye tab q mana kiya ?
i think it's a good law for the farmers but government should also ensure that apmc markets will be continue in such a way as they are running now
it's so illogical that mandiya will be closed in future ...
political parties + other terrorist organisations = opposition in india
thanks sid sir ...
very nice mam ... keep it up ...
never expect this from sadhguru never
godmen should not interfere in politics ... keep the church out of governance ..
he doesn't know the bill but still he kept explaining at length ! haha
sarkar ka chamcha . speaking government vertion not knowing the ground reality of farmers .
if you don't know don't speak shut up . sad guru u live bay cheating public u a a opatunis feeding on puar public .
please help . will farm bill promote gm crops ?
bill gates will destroy you all .
another fuddu
you do your own business in the name of hinduism.dont interfere in all matters .
he is just a supporter of bjp i didnt know why guru's and saints are moving towards politics ?
lol .. i can't stop laughing at this spiritual guruji supporting modiji .. protest not unnecessary .. the farmers don't need the farm bill but you considering rest of the nation needs it for what joy as if they will go farming
sadguruji has to support modi government without choice
bjp is a sick government
how much they paid ?
when you talk about enlightenment , but you lack common sense
modi ka chamcha , stop being politically , modi was called in the opening ceromany both go hand in hand , modi gets voter sadhguru gets permittion and authority to do whatever he wants , elephant corriodor to murdering wife
" i do not know exactly what it is that is really upsetting the farmers of punjab and haryana " . that my friend is the problem
the farmers there sitting are adolanjeevi rich farmes and landlords having lot of time to do adolan and others are those small farmes who don't have a time to do adolan .
sold to bjp this chute
pls save india form pm modi he will sell india too
you are the puppy of government
he seems weird to me ! hope people come to know his reality .
please be real guru sir , , right and govt do not want to give power to the state
which is more important problems of farmers ? ? or privatizing tamil nadu temples ? ? ? is it lands of small farmers is not important ? ? ?
shame on you .
bro , this man is not being honest in his answers , , he has become a pro government guy .. , lost my respect for him .
he should stay silent if he is scared to speak the truth .
well said every state has different working different farming . our government is doing nothing it never did actually to uplift the farming sector specialy .
really sorry to hear this form you i thought you'll support farmer's
renowned vandana shiva says , " the farmers of victim of food imperialism . " she speaks truth !
recommendation ? ? recommendation they made about mask wearing and it turned out to be forced ... you don't do recommendation then you can't buy food , or go to gym
better to stay silent when you have a bjp glass
i don't know what is disturbing farmers .. but i don't see anything wrong with laws ... what a pimp
if you don't know why they are protesting then first go and find it out then only speak if bills are right or wrong . option which you have suggested is fine but it not good of any of the state and in state like up and bihar states will introduce this forcefully ... you might be aware about the police bill which has been passed in bihar few days back ...
he's nuts
coward , cant take a stand . you say farmers are unnecessary protesting and then say their might be some concerns of different states and then again say that there is a misunderstanding and the farmers have misread the law . see , by your own logic the government has , and that is why the recommendatory nature is to be adopted .
one min silence for uneducated sikhs who didn't understand him
1 . he doesn't know what the laws about 2 . he's talked to many farmers about how good the laws are he has talked with many farmers about farm laws and concluded that they seem to be good and at the same time he starts by saying i don't know much about farm laws ! ! classic sadhguru a flute at the end to make it look more spiritual classic
no laws should be made from drawing rooms of the corporate ..
govt should partnership with farmers before they make the laws , have respect for their suggestions ..
satguru you've sold yourself . the farmers and the people have explained a million times they dont want to turn into western countries where the power is in the hand of corporations . what don't you understand ? do you need face to face explanation ?
satguru is a phuddu and has sold his soul
this guy can twist and turn
dodging and bs response to question .
sadhguru u can skip questions if u dont know proper answers we wil still respect u . guru seems confused .
how can a person who make guest appearances in harvard , who gives talks on world economy , talks with some of the best neuroscientists in the world , who given some great water crisis solutions not know exactly what are farm bills ? ? i could smell the pro bjp . i used to be you follower . never expected this from you . although , he rightly said one thing and that is govt should consult farmers before forcefully passing the bills and make necessary amendments . i stand with the farmers . are you ?
one more sychophant of modi , should have guts to say 3 laws against farmers by fascist govt
well he is now on the side of modi against the farmers which is understandable . he needed him to open his centre . i think it would be more appropriate to call him sad and leave out the guru .
farm laws is good for india
sorry sadhguru , your statements are laughable and cruel at the same time . its absolutely immature of you saying i dont know y farmers of panjab and haryana are sitting on protests and what they feel is bad about the laws .
power mocks the mystique
why the " spiritual leaders " are asked to answer or always come out to give their opinion and act like politically influenced spiritual leaders ? when he says he don't know , as citizen , he has to believe farmers the one who will face the wrath of bill .
0:54 ... whattttttt they are unnecessarily causing harm , they are getting exploited and they cant even fight for it , this is wrong.the rest i agree with .
it is just that you are gone mad
he is a sold guy
sold out guru
that was a pot shot , mr dimension
condemned
he is a bjp goon .
another chamcha of the bjp / rss
dalal of bjp b & d
here south farmers are happy
support farmers no farmers no food
why gurus and sadhus are involving in politics where they have much more powerful platform to lighten the society
i thought i should follow this guy now i change my mind .. when he said unnecessary suffering ... if u talk to farmers u never say unnecessary .. how much they pay u
i dont think any in convenience is caused rather than the 26 jan incident . farmers are literally providing free food to the homeless people living their which the government could not . they are getting a place to sleep . i would feel very sad after all these settles up for those people who were only able to eat through this system . in no democratic country a law can be forced on people ( its for the people and to the people )
i think msp is the thing which should taken in discussion
sir can u please attach the pdf
sir i have question regarding to 1st constitunal admement of 33 ... i think it is 3rd
farmer can sell any where earlier also ... it it true ? ?
whenever i need a clear cut view about any issue without any left or right wing propaganda . i straight visit raus channel . thank you sir
for additional info , 1 . economic times : view : modi govt needs to clearly spell out the intent behind the new farm laws : <url> ? 2 . financial express : farmers neednt fear agri-corporates , capital injection in agriculture is crucial to benefit from scale <url> 3 . hindu business line : breaking the impasse on new farm acts - business line - <url> 4 . why the center should not repeal the 3 farm laws : <url> , 5 . you tube channel <url> dispelling false info by sainath
can i get the pdf please
anyone can please provide the pdf .. ?
10 to 50 marks in mains 2020 have been served in a platter here ... thank you sir
here are some stragies that has to be followed by the government for contract farming : 1.government has to set up a regulating body to curb the monopsony 2.there should be speedy grievence redrssal mechanisms which has to be implemented by the government when there is a dispute arise between farmer and owner 3.exclusive mandatory mentioning in the agreement regarding price which should be above msp .
sir u have destroyed propaganda of left and many political parties
this is a gud initiative ... request to raus faculty that they should provide a detailed analysis of important topic of a week , or some topic that is highly in news
love you sir ! ! your voice and art to speak is amazing
and great magician with his magic
thanks sir
oh great ... thank you sir ji
these 3 farm laws which your discussed about pre and post agriculture and then markets , the indian economy is largely rely on agriculture earlier but now the situation arises across the world the country's not only depend on agriculture but also invest in processing of food industries . if india want to become a world's super power must consider all the sectors before going in to the growth cycle , india is a land of diversity as both in case of agriculture and in case of crops culture , the farm laws appropriately connected india in to the world through the food and culture , but when the government takes any decision regarding the county's development and makes the laws must consider all the stack holder's included in the law , the appropriate solution to this farmers crisis ' is to pass the ordinance to hold the laws until the farmers will aggre , create awareness regarding the laws on grass root levels , empower the farmers to know the benefits of the 3farm laws , create a corporate friendly environment to the farmers build the trust in with the farmers , the duty of the government is to provide support and facilitate what the peoples need .
this questions asked in bpsc interview .. so keep attention
one question : under essential commodities act as discussed that we try to bring down the high prices of those commodities which are essential for the consumers . so we include that commodity under essential commodities act and hence keeping a check that no stock of that commodity is maintained beyond a stipulated limit . but when there is boost in a harvest of a commodity then traders do not want to procure large quantity bcoz due to the essential commodities act there is a limit set for the stock to be maintained . but don't you think that if government notice that since considerable amount of time there is the boost in the harvest of essential commodity than they remove that commodity for essential commodities act bcoz since the harvest has grown up the prices will not go high as the supply gap is filled and now there is no need to keep that in the list and put a limit on the stock to be maintained ! so can government bring out the commodity out of the list which was previously included due to low supply and high demand leading to the high pirce ?
thanks a lot sir
enrol to the largest online daily-free test series for upsc cse exam - unacademy t20 daily current affairs test series - november : <url> enrol now for free : unacademy aspire , all india mock test for upsc cse on 25th november , wednesday - 10:00 am : <url>
such a hot topic and only 4 comments its strange somehow
explanation
neither useful for farmers nor customers . jus a corporate look for middle man system . thats it .
intha masotha vantha nel brokers olivangala ?
no one can judge its course of effects right now .
producersum consumersnum nalla karyamalle .. jio vannond lokathile thanne cheapest internet kittanile ... veruthe oronu paraya ..
thank you for the good information
hw can i cntct u
good well explained reforms are necessary in agrarian sector but it should be beneficial to the farmers . the reforms which the government proposes are corporate friendly . you highlighted the dark side of new law very precisely ... good
jio neay patti paranjallo .. jio vannadhinu sheasham alley oru internet revolution undaayea . 1gb 300 rs nu thannu mobile companies nammaley pattichirunnadhonnum aarum parayunnilla
good presentation , alex can you explain about indian agricultural commodity markets , it is meant for hedging the risk and price discovery , but the farmers participation is very less . can you explain the reasons
good presentation , alex can you explain about indian agricultural commodity markets , it is meant for hedging the risk and price discovery , but the farmers participation is very less . can you explain the reasons
what i have to say is that the agricultural sector in india clearly needs reforms . agriculture sector badly needs high-end technologies , digital tools , entrepreneurs and farmer organisations to provide services to farmers . but the framework to reform it should also provide adequate safeguards to the farming community and clear out their doubts and fears . they should not be left to linger in concerns about the enactments . necessary changes can also be made upon consultation and hearing their views because they are are the ones , without any bad influence of dirty politicians .
thanku you well presented ...
please do a video how law making & role of supreme court in law making
national statistical office cheyyunna pravarthanangale kurichu oru video thayyaraakamo ?
it's true that old law is not so good but the new one is worst
please do a video on new it act
good info
my name is alex.what i do is explain . n welcome to alexplain
eee parayunna corpratukalumaayi oru contractil enter cheytha pore oru all india farmers union chernn ... athaayath epoozhum at any circumstances oru farmerinu ayalude production coast + minium 30 % profit enkilum koduthuthirikanamenn ... allaathe ee prakshobham kond kure jeevanum ... jeevithangakum pokum ennallaathe ... alex bro ... ente abhiprayam ishtapetenkil ... plz pin ... vere onninumallaa ... ellaarum vaayich onn chindhikaanaa ... for collective inteligence ... big fan ... of ur presentation ..
now only l hav clarified on this topic.thank u so much
nice presentation background and thumpnail reach
sir , fixing basic rate of agricultural product , topic relate video
very disappointing analysis . jio's example has been done to death in the context of farm bills . it's like comparing apples and oranges . msp will remain is the promise given by the centre .
perfect explain ...
simply explained.and content quality is also
well explained
thanks for the information
so good one . im an agriculture student but earlier i didnt know about farm bill but now i understand it properly . thanku for such a videos
very well explained . thanks a lot
very informative sir
well explained
please understand that cooperate means not one company ! multiple companies will be there in field and farmers may go for best one who give more price to them .
wonderful explanation . good
well explained
machane jio nte patti paranjathe moshamayipoi , , pand 200 rupakke 1gb , , kittunathe ipmm per day 1 gb aakki thannathe jio ann
well explained bro .. thank you ...
the law is came for only real farmers dear , not for like u people , , , his product he have to sale in high price for his welfare , not for ur welfare , also in india have lot of buisness peoples so there shold be a competion , so farmer can choose the costomer , the all farmers are misunderstant by the polititions.this mandies policy cause all year lot of lose for farmers .
well explained bro ... ella doubtsm iplanu clear aayath .. thank you
nice explanation brother
thanks for posting this video .
friend with full of respect let me tell you something please watch any upse exam explanation don't belive this video completely . because it say about the old amidment . the government had made a lot of changes in it .
thanks a ton brother ... been confused for a while now ... you made it crystal clear
well explained ... .. explain . thank you .
good explanation !
thank u chetta for the information
kset political science syllabus class help .   .
tq so much mam
maam plz do video on new education policy
good information
new farm bill is good for farmer
good information mdm
good information
evt nange artha aithu krushi amendment bagge ... thank you mam thumba saralavagi helkotri ... nav nim followers mam { vijayee bhava } ...
it's only done by foolish states like punjab and haryana just for political vengeance that's the reason farmers have been mislead by these cheap level politicians of congress .. and not to mention middle men aka 420 dhallals now their easy making money as been stopped so even they have been misleading the farmer by claiming by giving statements like farmer lands will taken over by giant corporate companies if you make contacts with them but they forgot to mention that farmers can sell their products for higher price compare to apmc or by dhallal .. which they will never say it out loud ... and 80 % protesters are the families of 420 dhallal and the rest are the protest for money .. or don't even have clue about the bills . lol .
madom teach constitution also , if possible
thanku mam one of the good information from agricultural bills and farmer ..
namskar ma'am how to become professor at govt degree college please guide ma'am i'm b.sc 2nd year student ( pcm )
what's the link between farm bill 2020 and apmc amendment act 2020 ?
very informative
good information
despite your busy life you spare time to contribute to the betterment of students . admirable
good information mdm .
top class
now , the recent talks has made some changes in bills . government has made it clear that msp will be provided in written . the problem is with taking the knowledge till farmers and make them understand . in 2019 , many opposition and farmer groups protested to implement this act . the best way to analyze this act is by implementing it for a year . this should be studied as a case study after implementation but not on assumptions
thankyou
you explained it so flawlessly , thanks for dedication and hard work ma'am .
looking for more sessions like this
very nicley explained divya mam
thank you ma'am for clearing the clatter .
i had so many doubts regarding this bill and the ongoing protests , now understood . thank you , ma'am , your explanation was explicit .
thank you so much for the session ma'am , please take a session on the booklist and preparation strategy for cds ( 2 ) 2021
thanku maam for this whole information
nice session now more clear about the topic please keep continue making more videos .
thankyou maam for clearing all the doubts
hi guys , hope you did like the video , please like , share and subscribe , and do press the bell icon . further , for free content on defence ( upsc cds / nda , afcat , inet ) , ssb interviews & capf examination join , our telegram channel : shorturl.at/lrcdt
mam can you please guide about time management in capf paper 2
thank you so much for your efforts ma'am !
apmc will loose the monopoly of trade and its location but it will also stop the monoplocy of fci specially in punjab and haryana and one more thing farmer can easily take himself out from the contract anytime without any penalty am i correct or not ? ? ?
farm bills : <url> essential commodities amendment act : <url> farm bills good ( or ) bad : <url> msp explained : <url>
you all describe farm bill hundred times congress top leaders & their supporters do not understand the facts.its waste . kyonki pada like ho tho samaj jaatha . ye sab unpud hai
isme farmers ka problem nahin hai ? oppositio leaders like sonia.rg .. priyanka if they get some money bill will be o . k .
farmers are not going to be win in any situation .
nice explanation
being a famer's daughter i want to correct you at a point that : farmers se protest kraaye nhi jaa rhe , vo kr rhe he so please don't relate farmers with any political party it is farmer protest only ...
farm bills 2020 explained visit - study with pawan
mr.subir chattopadhyay will be the happiest person as he is already exploiting the farmers
nicely explained , not too fast not too slow .
great job sir ! can you please send me the link to the ppt of these presentatio ?
soo manipulated ...
sunitha bedi
sunitha decades 1000 thanks
care of proof
awaiting for the latest on farmers bill
sreejith panicker nte debate kandu ellam manassilayi.oro commikal . left means lie
who are you and what is your qualification to explain political issues to a malayalee . a common malayalee has good general knowledge .
please watch sreejith panicker's explanation . don't watch this kind of narrow minded peoples videos . please criticize after understand the bill .
pan card made mandatory for any trade in farming thus tracking the transactions we saw a similar protests in 2015 by jewellers that was across india
why there is no protest see in kerala
we dont want computers it will create unemployment remember 1990s
you look at china , their per capita income from farm is 3 times higher than india
psc yude pinvaathil niyamangale kurichu oru vedio cheyyavo
developed countries ill iganeyaanu business deal , , ,
very good clarification to your speech like mr . swaraj mla
good morning sunitha
those who are opposing the new law in the name of contract farming will destroy the farmers etc etc .. please google " model apmc act of 2003 " ... ennitu parayanam madam ..
sunidais wery karect rilport in .
18 . to .
   .
 . 14 14 10 .

   .   . 
   . 19.fci .   .

   .

   . 20 .   .
   .

   . 4-5 .   .   .

   .
   .   .   .   .

   .
   . rebuplic 2 .   .

   ... 72 50 .   .   .
15.14 same . 16 .   .   . practically .   .
   . ( ) .

   .

   .
   .

   . 17 .   .

   .   .
   .   .
   . 10 .   .
nalla malayalam . keep the good work up
corporate will bring quality
avoiding the middleman will definitely benefit both producers and consumers .
hi mam do you have the written explanation ? ? if you have please share here .
british india abd modi india is same . tax has been collected from poor people .
... read the bill first and then bark . govt . is willing to discuss and ready to amend the areas where they raised their concerns , then what else ? i am not a pro bjp but a v4 kerala supporter ! !
hundred lies never becomes true you venomous lady .
. we are going to be a developed nation soon . development .   .
eposhathe avastha vache karshakrude enthane
.   . north .   . gov . walmart fund .   . canada . , . gov party .   .   ...
informative
kangana is a bed warming machine ...
prophet sucks islam mumps
need to implement swaminathan committee report . no new bills needed by farmers .
this is khalistan protest not farmers protest
i think youtube should start asking blogger for education certificate . only people minimum graduate is allowed to make video . aarbaz chutia 1st ambani gehu nahi bez tha hai thik . 2nd contact farming is some how the best for farmers . mps is perfect . only big.problem is storage india need to make a very big storage . if people still wants to know more nicely then please check mr . khan from patna . very nice teacher
this video is quite similar to khan sir's video
you are very good
arbaz bhai ne bhot ache se samjaya he bhai
really she is suffering , that's shown by herself
arnab / kangna are way too much , they should learn from this problem
bjp none of d scheme is successful . so not to get trapped in wht modi is talkg . now abt kr who d hell is ths 12th fail drugist , her interest is only sex n slf ego . she don't hv d caliber to talk on arkshan n our anna data . it's high time case shud b filed on her frm kisan association , aarakshan association , multiple indians shud file case against her n put her behind bar for destroying nation image .
abe chutiye you people without knowing anything just simply coming on youtube if any new law come into existence just like caa and nrc .. now time has come to kick your ass along with others
bhai u r great at all r . b . i officer
nice explain do it all the best
shameful bjp government
great speech bhai
vah hamare desh ki freedom fighter hai samajh mein aaya
hand up your well explained
india has a " super-woman " having 56 " tounge ..
how could modi government want to make more difficulty for the fermers . ? how is it possible that government are not helping the farmers but the business man .
nice bro
very good arbaz bhai . good reporting .
good example given
thank u
your information are extremely important . but very few people could understand it properly . enacts only expert economist . sir i really appreciate your honest reporting . please these information in as simple as possible should reach not only to farmers but to every citizen of india and world . and it's effect on every citizen should be known to entire world . please please sir . slaute you . thank you .
chor bjp .
highly shameful . corporates revealing their cheap character .
very very nice good vdo
abe msp government buy ke leye hai
good but opposition parties are not raising this in parliament nor xhares with janta means they are also involved in this loot make a report on naklee kisan rich farmers who do sosan of small farmers expose them you have to educate your small farmers what to do and how to do
- , , , , comment 1 : , , , , , comment 2 : - : , , , , , , , ,
makkar criminal politicians corporates ke liye kaam kar rahe hain , samvidhan viruddh hai .
1 . industries are earning even before agriculture reform bills . 2 . how many industry getting msp for profit . so profit is msp free and base is free market access .
desh ma charge bhagwan hai two in front of public two show in future in public
justice for farmers . help for farmers . please . , , god bless you . thanks .
totally shame on government
very clearly explained .
current pm east india company ki aulaad hai
india need freedom from gujrati thug
effects on3agriculture bill on consumers so thatconsumers may alsostandwith consumers vijaykaushal advocate
adani import power equipment from china using dubai company so import from dubai but product coming from china .
hum bhartiy currenly bhi evm s voting ker rehay h ...
why congres is against cow slaughter bill , kisan bill , caa and nrc bill and civil code billl etcc
congresi and co pet and dalal bawasir besharma and bhurannnn bhajpeyi
real pure explanation of govt / corporates looting everyone , all under the name of god .
if this is a financial bill then rajya sabha has no real power in this case but if its a normal bill then both the houses have equal powers . in this situation , deadlock can occur
u r right bath sab ..
really worried about our future but can't understand why our ladies or young girls have not any interest in our livelihood . i never came across ladies comments where busy they are ? ? ?
very good program prime asia tv you both anchors are doing great job
good programme presented by ur team of prime asia
very nice sandhawalia sir and baath sir lagge raho buht vadia sir
ssa bath jitgood discussion
carporate ne karnataka & madhya pradesh wich help meeting usda mull mor rahe han
chor chor massi de putt hunde
people of punjab fight together on dis serious issue to save punjab n all farmers .. at least we should try not to implement dis bill on our state .. thanks bath n gurpreet sir to explain dis issue so clearly ..
please make a full detailed video on this sir useful for kas and psi essay
sir what u are telling right , but food grains product will going to supporting to rich peoples.they will purchasing keeping long time in his company and creating the scarcity & what they fix rate peoples should purchase then the profit is only to rich peoples like ambani & adani .
thanks so much sir
sir when can we expect a complete detailed discussions about the new three formers law , feeling it is very important and necessary for any kpsc or upsc aspirant
thank you
thank you so much sir
direct marketing is not so easy because the buyer may ask price low then apmc price as there is no other buyers , as small farmer has 4 acre , 4 quintal green gram , then transportation price will be high .
sir thanks a lottttt , i have watched all your videos from beginning very informative easy to learn plz discuss these farmers bills in detail pros and corns help aguttesir
good topics sir ... concise explaination
ega current affairs madtirodu crt hage madi sir weekly once
sir make video in detail about msp ? ?
thank you so much for the information , plz continue your work , news media take forever to get to the point m so sick of that.you are straight to the point , thank you once again , subscribed already .
superb superb quality video sir make important questions revision type for upsc prelims . it's my humble request
sir economics important topics maadi kodi sir ... ex banks merging , repo rate , reverse repo rate , clr , slr badathana , nirudyoga e tharad topics nimge imp andiddu pls pls sir it's my request sir
ega current affairs neevu maadthirodu correct ide weekly once .. method change maadbedi sir
sir one doubt ide ... karnataka economic survey and budjet complete agidiya or innu parts upload maadodu idava beacause complete agide andre onthara samadhana ...
sir sda fda ge use ago tara general studies paper history geography constitution yeladrudu vedio madi sir nim teaching method tumba chenag edhe easy agi artha aguthe pls sir
sir nimma video nan miss madade nodta irtini ... nivu gk cover madtira ... jotege psi translation ge help aago tara teach madtira sir ... thank you so much sir .
thankful to u sir
nice explanation ty sir
sir kas mains gs1.2.3.4.all subjects kannada pdf r notes beku plz amar sir ... contact yu r mble number plz i talk to yu
thank you so much sir ...
tq so much sir
tq for your efforts
good government of india jai bheem
this bastard wants to start corona in up again
zee new abhi bhi negativity phela raha hau
aaj sudhir ji ko muzaffarnagar aana chahiye the wo to afganistan bhi gye the . reporting krne vha jab sar par jute padte to pta lagta
kshi v halit me kanon wapas nahi hone chaye janata modi government ke sath h
bjp party agenda promote for zee channel shame for you . real picture not show protest for farmer problem channel
zee news ki phat gayi
rakesh dakait is a great cheater
fir , immunity , govt ?
biased reporting
besharm zee news team
zee news wale ajj chain se na so payenge
this is all planned by pakistan , khalistani , muslim , opposite party , baniya , middleman how pakistan is investing in this protest pakistan is transferring money to canadian khalistani organization and where they both collect money and transfer in india for protest as well as in india , money is collected from opposition party , middleman , anti aliment muslim , khalistani sikh . what's will be effect from them by protest 1 . pakistan will effect indian economy by internal riots without pakistan military attack 2 . indian muslim and sikhs can stop india to become hindu rastra 3 . opposite political party can defeat bjp and make own government 4 . sikh will agrue from in the name of bjp . their strategy to stop voters to vote bjp 1 . say them bhagat 2 . say them bjp it cell but all we know now that's their in comments section 80 % pakistani it cell + khalistani it ce ll is working and if others comments in favour of bjp government then they will say it's bjp it cell or godi media . but internally 80 % khalistani and pakistani it cell is working so that they can increase riots in india . be aware from indian name i'd in comments they all are pakistani but have made indian named id so that they can make fool to indian youth
tu ghatia inshan hai shame on your parents for such product
no body is more wild anti indian than you
bhagte raho kuch nahi hona he ek thande hona he padega ye modi he
support farmers by all means unitedly and defeat haryana government
shaktishali bolte hai to aur bhi accha hota
so-called kisanjivis are following khalistani and pakistani's agenda . they are being funded by anti-national forces to disturb indian peace and brotherhood .
@ on 9/11 - do not hijack - boycott air india london bound flights sfj to punjab farmers
@ on 9/11 - do not hijack - boycott air india london bound flights sfj to punjab farmers
@ on 9/11 - do not hijack - boycott air india london bound flights sfj to punjab farmers
@ on 9/11 - do not hijack - boycott air india london bound flights sfj to punjab farmers
<url> on 9/11 - do not hijack - boycott air india london bound flights sfj to punjab farmers
<url> on 9/11 - do not hijack - boycott air india london bound flights sfj to punjab farmers
<url> on 9/11 - do not hijack - boycott air india london bound flights sfj to punjab farmers
it's an 17 acre ground and these people were in lacs not thousand . and modi should fear from it
hazoroo ? ? ! these guys have lost it
bjp backfoot pe ja rhi hai
bjp ko khtam karenge or jarur karenge ... we'll take our freedom n make india peaceful again
the resistance will stay there ... bjp will loose everything not election but everything
in the 80 " s had only 02 seats in year 2024 0 seats . i have made up my mind will never give my vote to bjp
people are saying that people especially farmers came in crores . i say number is not more than 50k because ground capacity is only 30k . also we can evidently observe that it's not a tight packed crowd . all the dalals who are going to get hurt by these laws have gathered here . but it will do anything as farmers from other states are very much opressed by previous apmc mandi . and tht why no real kisan is against these farm laws . we all have seen how some handful of jamindaars , dalaals and land mafias have monopolised the whole system . i personally experience this in delhi . so be calm and support these laws .
corporated govt murdabaad
crores of kissan against bjp
thousands ? 2 crore log aaye the chutoiya media .
shame on indian government to make conditions of farmers so bad that they have to protest in this time of covid threat . atleast the government should say we suspend the laws till covid threat is gone and then u can have aandolan or talks whatever the way may be
abp ... news 24
sanqukt kissan morcha struggle and ask for their freedom for the last 1 year should become a model for the rest of the world should be taught in all universities to have your demands heard in peaceful manner . it should be reviewed and acted upon . lesson for democracy for developing world
if it could be in hindi all can understand
naxalite is the future of india . support country naxalite and its government . naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights .
we stand with farmers .
we support farmer protest against three black law
very well
modi hitlar bhagavo desh bachavo
you are great sandeep choudhary ji
very well sandeep ji , we are proud of you sir . you and your team are real hero in the profession of journalism saluting your tremendous efforts
very nice sandip sir
rs1100 500
it is sad to see so many uneducated people
who is funding this aandolan ?
who are annadata ? kisan or tax payers ?
bjp is in huge delusion that this will not affect them in elections .
totally political . let the two elections be over . the truth about these so called farmers will be revealed .
saare chor se
acha anaaj ugaao to pura desh lene betha he msp se bhi jayada kimat per , lekin inhe to kuda he bechna he
wrong information fed to kishan ,
khangres rally
bjp murdabad . chor modi red to resign his post
chaval
vote for khalistan sikhs for justice team gurpatwant singh panu
hun es taran hath te hath dhar k baithn da time ni u should take the action
* why should police be caught in this trap set by the politicians police should stand down . let the farmers & politicians protesting clash with public . let public feel the brunt . public will be upset and take action against protestors *
* people have the right to free movement---no one should deliberately disrupt the livelihood and movement of people---the farmer's protest is just that . to create problems---they and their kind should be punished to the maximum so that people do not adopt such actions---can we go infront of their family homes and protest , create ruckus and disrupt their movement for long period of time ? if yes , public should do the same to these so call paid fake leaders *
rahul gandhi is a loser ... lost amethi seat
bjp leader chor hai
faltu waste news channel
best anchoring . shaid ansari ji
no vote for bjp beaause bjp desh virodhi party haa please no vote bjp party
aaj tak godi dalal media ki bharat me nahi puri duniya me 0 value ho chuki hai .
all these dramas are fine for haryana people but when will we sikhs become brave enough to admit the truth that our gurughar our home is not indian punjab , and that we belong to lahore in pakistan , which is the kingdom of maharaja ranjit singh , who was our forefather known as the lion of punjab ( sher-e-punjab ) . nankana is the birthplace of guru nanak the founder of sikhism . so , for how long will our homeland keep calling us ? ? ? come on brave brothers let us move back home to lahore , pakistan . forget india . lets go our real , historical , guru-granted home : lahore , pakistan . raj karega khalsa . i repeat , brave sikh brothers , let us never forget that the real home of sikhs granted by our guru and the capital of sher-e punjab is lahore and not india . indian punjab belongs to punjabi , bihari , madrasi and all indians but lahore belongs to sikhs alone .
naxalite is the future of india . support country naxalite and its government . naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights .
sardar ji , dont repeat the mistake of congress , it will be v . harmful in election . think the logic with cool mind . wrong is never correct by rubbish arguments
besharm godi dalal chatukar media anchors / reporters aur modi shah system its spokesperson are only liers / hate spreader / communal propagandists
mr syeed ansari godi dalal chatukar media anchor what about amit shah & anurag thakur basha respectively " button itni zoar se dabana shaheen bagh mein current lagne chahae " " desh ke gadharon ko goli maro salon ko " their given slogans led to ugliest delhi riots
chor h ye
your news channel aaj tak is not believeable at all
, please ,
please support kisan andolan don't try to change track by these questiins
only politics
b j p mukt bharat bnao yay gddaro ka giroh h chor lootere h desh bch giroh h
repeal 3 anti farm laws
no doubt we supports farmers but due to this we are unable tp go to schools and colleges from last two days we are requesting you to not make any problem for the public transportation as we are facing loss in studies .
any one know chandigarh to jalandhar diverted routh
i am not a farmer even i have agriculture land and supporter of kisan morcha from the beginning . i suggest you to open toll plaza as it must effect the development of punjab in future . it is my humble request only .
fadil the ninja channel <url>
- . , . , 169 . , . , up .
this is failure of government they should solve the issue however no body should be allowed to create problems for common man , administration is not playing its part they are just spectators
we kerala farmers support
we stand with you
second kejriwal ya bhi kuch year baad koi state k cm hoga they use the innocent people who don't know any thing khud ki rajniti chamkana
" when the jee students ' concerns and demands can be fulfilled , why can't one legitimate concern of the neet aspirants be fulfilled ? " #rescheduleneetug
lol , election k baad ye andolan phuss ho jayega
mission : - quit modi movement is imminent in india . people with kisan morcha pledge - to wipe out bjp from country . rakesh tikait ji jindabad
farmer's fake protest : , . , .  

  
   . , . , . 
   
   . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , .
this is all politics . the farmer bills are actually beneficial .
why are you not making videos on rabiya's case ? shame on u lallantop
why are you not making videos on rabiya's case ? shame on u lallantop ...
kha gye wo jo bol rhe the bakal uthar gye lo aa gye up mai
rakesh tikait has become a tool for opposition
rakesh tikait has become a tool for pappu
rakesh tikait has become rakesh docait
rakesh tikait has become rakesh docait
more power to you
the lallantop
new definition of kisan in india ... pakka ghar on national highway ... hijack railway tracks ... pizza party .. foot massage ... any one speaking against you or in favour of your opponent .. kidnap them .. threaten them ...
our land our right nobody can force a farmer to sell his land his crops . first they will promise you job then they will take away your job . never trust government and its capitalist friends . naukari means naukar servants of capitalists . we are with farmers . we will die rather than surrender to this capitalist government
jai kisan jai mazdoor corporated govt murdabaad the fight is to protect food from going into the hands of corporates as well as farmers right both farmers and consumers will have to suffer under these farm laws
stand with farmers
godi media hazaroun nhi lakhoun h ache se dekhav ... ... sharam kro ..
no effect .. yogi will come .. sare chor hai e sab ..
today's kisan =d iversity + unity
hello godi achor kisan are in lakhs of no . not in thousands .
jaat log kro opposition 2013 me pele gye the phir pele jaoge
covied protocol has to be immediately in effect in up
bjp hatou desh bachou
comrade sale gaddaar e ne . rajewal chamcha captain da . #wesupportchduni
antisocial elements , causing trouble to common people .
antisocial elements , causing trouble to common people ..
kishan mazdoor eaktta jindabaad we are supporte this agitation
everything good with new farmers laws
they have created so much problem for people of sonipat . they have captured the singhu border area and now the sufferer are the people who have to go to delhi for jobs , studies aur any other personal work . government is not giving a shit about them nd about the people who are suffering due to them . god knows for how long this is going to continue but not only corona but this protest has created so much difficulty in life of common people leaving in sonipat or near by areas .
i pray for justice for these innocent loyal farmers who are fighting for something that's rightfully theirs . modi is getting sooooooo much baduas from innocent people who are losing lives , and going without necessities . may allah reward you and your family very soon ameen .
idiot people blocking railway track ... these idiot's are haressing general people ... government is not even bothered
avhi to up election k baad evm ka rone dekhna he chamcho k mukh pr royenge and bolenge evm hack ho gya he evm hack ho gya he up election k baad jb yogi 2.0 ki sarkar bnegi then
abp
well only bjp has right to politics
, , cm ( ) , home minster ( ) :d othefive : ? vote to kisan
bjp ke kandhe pr corporates gov't chala rahe hai .
* the fight is between canada / uk sikh leaders & local punjab sikh leaders . local punjab sikh leaders are losing to their foreign counter part . foreign sikhs hv more money and can manipulate the local sikh . sad , navjots , badals , ... the so call local sikh leaders ( the jokers ) play the muslum & hindu card *
rajowal ruldu ram other camrad
rajowal ruldu ram rajinder deep singh wala and other camrad
even to those who have no concern more than 600 our indian from the farmings community died during farmers agitation . in tune to the national call . humanity demands us to remember all our fellow indians who left us .
audio is not good plese
technical issue
we stand with our farmers
sound is not come clearly ,
non cooperation movement required again for
very top please be united win is 100 % with kissan i salut to all kissan taking part . wahaguru jee app nal hun
we all are stand with our kissan brothers and sisters
please correct audio ... two voices are getting overlap .
live stream is stopped .. plz start again ...
more power to u.bless u all . may god give u all the strength .
we support farmers ... from dubai uae
we support farmers
respect to farmers .
we support farmers
evm hatawo democracy bachao desh bachao andolan
please atleast now speak in english also to reach many people like me q don't know hindi & panjabi
we support farmers ... respect from punjab .
congress
no farmers no food no future
monsoon session of parliament is going to start farmers leaders should pressure on government and opposition leader
farmers should take andolan in every state where election is going to come .
nice your activity and continue of your strugale . long live revolation long live socialism .
india will rise again . we will fight another freedom protest . freedom from the fascist bjp government who only care about the well being of their corporate friends and staying in power
no farmer no food
, nia , cbi , ed 26 2021
modi take ur wife back she can make ur age triple try for one year if you don't like put her in the bag
modi u know why these kale kanoon because aa going to take loan from the international banks on kissan land , ambani will show contract the banks or from modi friend trump , from that loan ambani will pay kissan , ambani not going to return the money then banks will take kissan land , kissan be left with nothing , ambani can do anything with ur property , be smart don't pay attention to any media or movie gunde
modi why ur wife and mother not in ur house r they khalistani too
modi give ur wife 15 lakh
modi take ur wife back she can make ur age triple try for one year if you don't like put her in the bag
raith
good for all farmer if farmer is god
it was pre-planned .. talwar , ak 47 is their traditional cloth ? ? silent population is irrelevant in democracy irrespective of they are 100 carore
the voice of ' farmer's - right ' arose from punjab once again ... and awoke india from its ' deep slumber ! '
from pakistan we support our punjabi brothers
please do not accept government proposal don't trust modi and shah . especially shah he is a snake . don't trust them .
sekh the king of india
aazzaaddii free khalistan free assam free urdustan free . kashmir
list of massacres committed by india . 1984 . sikhs massacre across india 2002 muslims massacre in gujarat 2020 muslim massacre in dehli how many people prosecuted and went to jail in so called world largest democracy . ( india )
in halal slaughter animal loses conciousness due to cut in blood vessels to brain as it dies , pain may be felt in the region of slit in the neck for about a minute . however in sudden severing of spinal cord ( jhatka ) immense pain will be felt from severed end of spinal cord . that is unbearable pain as if from the whole body for about a minute , it would be really agonising for the animal . spinal cord is highway of pain sensations . so what is better , in what are the animals more distressed ? jhatka is the worst cruelty to animals and should be henceforth banned without delay ! ! ! secondly jhatka meat is smelly and stiff . ! !
a song dedicated to farmer protest <url>
jai kisan , your fight is for a just cause and of course will have a victorious end , go ahead dear farmers . all like minded people are behind you .
a government that tries to conquer and divide the people but the people of india have awaken to their basic human rights and all stand together united in one glorious peaceful protest that will be remembered in history . standing strong for those leaders and warriors of faith , those ancestors . upholding what those people who fought for this country believed in . upholding their ancestral rights and trying to leave a better india for generations to come . do not let the dictators oppress the people of india and do not let the true worth of farmers fall . many farmers have already lost their lives , this government will risk losing the one respectful profession of this country if they do not loose their totalitarian thinking . india has already lost so much in history that cannot be replaced . the country where great maharajas and holy feet walked . the sangat is gurus seva . this struggle this battle is for all faiths living in india today not just the sikh . the sikh believes in kirat karo , naam japo vand chhako . ardaas
sochne ki baat hai - jab sarkar ne kissano ki maange maan li hain aur inn acts main jaruri badlaav laane ko tayaar ho gayi hai - toh fir ye kissan neta pagalon ki tarah acts hatane ko lekar kyun piche padde hue hain ... ? ? ? there is definitely a political & international conspiracy behind all this mayhem & chaos - as there is no meaning of biased canadian pm . who favours khalistani supporters to speak on the issues of indian farmers ...
thand vich kyu baithe ho anndata ji . it's very sad about our 11 kisan stop producing crops fer ehna sarkaara nu pta lagega jad khan nu kuch nai milna .
congress workers change har name farmers politics
excellent thanks for video
a very informative session and a good initiative by sanyukt kisan morcha
very informative and interesting session . please keep all united in their policies .
when will rajewal speak about women sexually harassed and molested at farmer protests and spread of covid 19 ?
no one wearing masks .
pata chalta hai kisan bill kya hai aur bharat me bina soche samjhe bina kisan bill jane bhid chal me judate jao dhanya hai ye desh ram bharose hai . mere par comment karne vala bill google pad ke samajh ke comment karega
! zee news , aaj tak , republic bharat , tv9 bharat , news nation , news 18india , sudharshan news , abp news etc .
lao aa gye thare bateu
tuccha channel aajtak .. tatally paid
bikaau reporter and anchor
bjp tried all its tricks and lies to defame farmers - but failed miserably truth wins so farmers will win ..
rakesh daket happy teachers day all people
* the fight is between canadian / uk sikhs and punjab sikh leaders ( badal's , sidhu's , capt .. ) * * the punjab sikhs blindly supported the arthitas ( fake farmers ) protest against farm laws which are infiltrated by anti-india element * * these anti-india arthitas hv no loyalty except to their pay master * * fake gandhi's , badal's , sidhu's , capt ... supported the arthitas for cheap publicily and not based on factual data or betterment of the farmers * * when a person supports negative groups ( terrorist , anti-india groups ... ) they should know that it can easily go wrong , back fire and engulf them . it is easier to destroy than develop something positive * * god bless the actual farmers *
chonia , prokhalistani , communist and khujliwals dalla .
gheds ( ssssss
don't misinterpret the things . each and every farmer is patriot .
jhootha channel
tikit shala gatha ho gaya he bechre
due to this stupid godi media and scared modi , india is going down .
tikait is speaking terrors language . he must be arrested soon .
tackait ki koi nahi sunta . don't bother about his statements
so ? has sitting on your butts for 9 months got you anything yet ? look at the taliban and how they have taken over the country in days , what are you afraid of . . . the afghan army was trained by the indian army , 80,000 taliban forced 300,000 regular soldier to run . . . you should not have a problem .
nice song
nice song
nice song
nice song
shameless man
greetings from pakistan
like the video when they are kisaan
loved it
nice song
really suuperb
nic song brother
it's been 5 years i have delayed my song . finally did released . shower some love to my song too link attached in reply sahi lage toh bus reach badha do
very nice song bro
really good
we are support
appreciate what still remains and look forward to what's coming next
really love this song ! ! !
keep support farmers
fantastic news it is
i really really love this song
nice one song bro
very nice video #rockingboycreation
very nice video #rockingboycreation
rakesh tiket is a best leader
this is indian culture
there is a whole pakistan created and it was not created by bjp .
this andolan will finished the day if modi govt . loose the majority in elections
tikait will be convert soon in muslim
we need like this leader to strengthen our country . but bjp britsh janta party following divide & rule policy of british . we sent back to british . now we have to send this british janta party from state . save india .
then jesus said to the crowds and to his disciples : the teachers of the law and the pharisees sit in moses seat . so you must be careful to do everything they tell you . but do not do what they do , for they do not practice what they preach . they tie up heavy , cumbersome loads and put them on other peoples shoulders , but they themselves are not willing to lift a finger to move them . everything they do is done for people to see : they make their phylacteries wide and the tassels on their garments long ; they love the place of honor at banquets and the most important seats in the synagogues ; they love to be greeted with respect in the marketplaces and to be called rabbi by others . but you are not to be called rabbi , for you have one teacher , and you are all brothers . and do not call anyone on earth father , for you have one father , and he is in heaven . nor are you to be called instructors , for you have one instructor , the messiah . the greatest among you will be your servant . for those who exalt themselves will be humbled , and those who humble themselves will be exalted " . you shall not make for yourself an image in the form of anything , in heaven above or in the earth beneath , or in the waters below . you shall not bow down to them or worship them , for i the lord your god am a jealous god , punishing the children for the sin of the parents up to the third and fourth generation of those who hate me , but showing love to a thousand generations of those who love me and keep my commandments . if my people who are called by my name , humble themselves and pray , and turn from their wicked ways , i will hear from heaven , will forgive their sins , and will heal their land . and when you pray , do not be like the hypocrites , for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by others . truly i tell you , they have received their reward in full . but when you pray go into your room , close the door and pray to your father , who is unseen . then your father , who sees what is done in secret , will reward you . and when you pray , do not keep on babbling like pagans , for they think they will be heard because of their many words . do not be like them , for your father knows what you need before you ask him . this , then , is how you should pray : our father in heaven , hallowed be your name , your kingdom come , your will be done , on earth as it is in heaven . give us today our daily bread . and forgive us our debts , as we also have forgiven our debtors . and lead us not into temptation , but deliver us from the evil one . for if you forgive other people when they sin against you , your heavenly father will also forgive you . but if you do not forgive others their sins , your father will not forgive your sins . " matthew 5-7 niv bible gateway " , we can use google search . these are the teachings , the righteousness of our lord jesus christ our god . repent , and start doing what is right . if you abide my teachings , you are really my disciples ; then you will know the truth , and the truth will set you free . yet a time is coming and has now come when the true worshipers will worship the father in the spirit and in truth , for they are the kind of worshipers the father seeks . god is spirit so his worshipers must worship in the spirit and in truth . in the new heaven and new earth , only righteousness dwells . may the spirit of our lord jesus christ our god be with you all .
this is now new kissan politics following established divide and rule followed by congress !
good work stand with farmers
bbc hindi acts in the same way what imran khan is doing for taliban ... represent himself as spokesperson or in simple word dalla .
jai shree ram ...
chor media
bbc is trying best to make rahul gandhi as a pm
british broadcasting for congress
this idiots is playing politics but he feared if he comes openly he will loose his support . there is no farmer protest .
clear equation i . e . people with half brains can only use their half brains ! keep it up ! microman
leave them they are not involved in
ham aake sath hain pichhe nhi hatna hai
i am support kissan farmers but modi government not serious kissan protests ... but other media kissan protest not showing television only for ndtv channel telecast ...
put the bjp as dead
thanks ndtv
bjp stubborn and dictator attitude is destroying india
good news channels ndtv my favourite channels
we love farmers
bjp government shame
great reporting ndtv
indi , s best chanal , , , ndtv news chanal i sport raveesh kumar
ndtv good news chanal , , , up me factry kyo nahi hai berojgar log doosre rajyo me kyo playan karte hai
pakistan propoganda through farmers ... because afganistan violence and farmers ( kalistan people ) violence both same time .
that is very bad for farmers . govt take wrong decision after arresting the farmer leader .
being a farmer from maharashtra we want revaluation of farm policy.we accept farm bill .
being a hindu will never vote congress & tukda gang
the best news channel
good reporter
for doubling of farmers income and for agriculture development , central govt has supported or initiated various steps like - i ) . 99 irrigation projects supported under ltif and completed by march 2020 ( rs . 90000 crore ) in various states , ii ) pm fsal bima yojna revised in 2015 where pre sowing expenditure in case of no sowing was included ( implementation is in hand of state govt ) , iii ) , pm - samman nidhi ( rs . 75000 crore , kcc interest subvention upto rs . 3 lakh ( 5 % interest subvention ) , iv ) pm - sampada yojana ( to increase fish production ) . v ) dairy infrastructure development fund for cooperative sector to incresae milk processing capacity , vi ) animal husbandry infrastructure development fund , vii ) . agril infrastructure fund ( rs . 1 lakh crore ) , viii ) , formation of 10000 farmers producers organisation by 2024-25 in each block , ix ) , e-nam trading through 525 apmcs , x ) . agri start up yojana , etc . - you can judge yourself as these schemes are already on ground .
all big fraud are befooling the poor farmers . they are paid workers of ardthiyas and will be properly handl by these poor farmers in coming days.skm is not taking real issue of farmers . such as - maximum large farmers ( > 10 ha ) and medium farmers ( more than 2 ha ) are in rajasthan . ( 43 % large farmer and 28 % medium farmer of the country ) . these farmers live in w . rajasthan and their income is < than 2 acre of irrigated areas . they never get benefit of loan waiver ( criteria is < 5 kila or acre or 2 ha ) and ebc reservation . how adani and amabni will harm these farmers as they dont have production . kcc limit , interest subvention , crop insurance , farmers definition , power connection , unemployment in rural youth , stray animals , etc so many issues are there . tikait is saying kcc is bad . you know his ignorance and foolishness .
he is using farmers as weapons
only bjp
love ndtv , truth reporting . proud of rakesh tikaitji , and our annadaata kisan . god bless them .
, , , , i hate modi i hate yogi i hate amit shah ___ farmer food no future ___
excellent journalism . hats off to ndtv team .
shaheen baug fame , shameless , , , librandu randitv . paid scandal of the media .
farmer's fake protest : , . , .  

  
   . , . , . 
   
   . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , .
naxalite is the future of india . support country naxalite and its government . naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights .
just a question in chandigarh electricity department is in profit from last many years n this kher guv is privatizing it will affect every one
jai kisan jai mazdoor corporated govt murdabaad the fight is to protect food from going into the hands of corporates as well as farmers right both farmers and consumers will have to suffer under these farm laws
ndtv is honest chennal in india
mission : - quit modi movement is imminent in india . people with kisan morcha pledge - to wipe out bjp from country . rakesh tikait ji jindabad !
only legend reporter can talk n saw the truth ..
we won't tolerate any politics with indian's . this is the message for all the politicals party's .
we won't ravish kumar sir at this time . government is doing very bad politic
up only congress
good . news . ndtv
thanks for coverage ndtv
shame on you abp news
jai shree ram ..
dakait should see your opinion poll . he wants to bring down bjp
they talk anything but on farm acts
all of them behave like goondas
it is mediatic politics . like media criminal investigation and jury .
shameless media
do everything possible to get rid of this destructive mindset pm . he is selling everything created by previous governments . kisan ekta zindabad .
it's a fault of govt , how govt tollarate these type of idiotic dangal ? ? ? i plead govt do not encourage these poisonous elements ,
up election is near no one care your politics tikait
i hope that yogi and modi never listen to this idiot - dakait
y rest of india is peaceful .. nd genuine farmers busy in fields .
support the farmers
the worst news media only busy to make unrest situation in india . this channel is supporting only the dalal who always sucks farmers blood
sahi kaha aapne sir we support brother
we support kishan majdoor andolan . jay jawan jay kishan
initially lakhs of dadis and dadas blocked the road . thn lakhs of kisan blocked the road . prior to 2014 , 100s of terror attack used to take place ? is kisan / dadis r metamorphosis of terrorist ? <user> <user> r u helpless be4 tickait like <user> <user> ?
first ask tikait to stand for election in up . he will lose his deposit .
wire will win india . super . what are anti india questions , i learnt from you .
alert : please be alert from the evil eyes of ranga , birla and bhogi . bjp / rss goons might do some mischief to destroy maha panchayat .
rakesh is puppet placed by bjp just shifting all movement leadership skm over one face and they succeed it will lethal for movement . above 200crore wealth through liasen mean job for sale farmer interest but no ed or enquiry till the date he is sponsored
rakesh tikait is a great man . full support
heartfelt gratitude to all farmers , for all their contribution . wish you good luck .
i wish and pray for tomorrows mahapanchanyat to be very successful .
wire the liar only wants to divide our country ..
the greatest peasant leader i have ever seen .
all godi media busy in thaaliban , pakistan , they totally forgot indian issues ... because they got heavy rewards from their bosses ...
wire
remove bjp save india save democracy ! ! !
this whole thing is politically motivated . this tikait thug will disappear after up election and yogi's win . 70 years of looted money is being used to fund protests and violence since 2014 . people of india are way smarter than tikait .
i don't know why tikait has been given so much prominence when he does not have any relevance . it is for opposing modi for opposing
see the new taliban of india
i am belong from muzaffarnagar
he should be in politics
arvind kejriwal used ana hazere's andolan rakesh tikait will use farmers protest
dogalae we want true kishan not fake one
unity
politics , lalach , greed to power , even if you ask them to lick your shoes , they will do
jay jawan , jai kisan , jai insaan . my india will not break easily by the rss hate mongers . love and compassion is the beauty of our country .
very nice , unity in diversity . godi media jayo tel lene .
second kejriwal
bjp is bunch of idiots no any religion just money . only kissan andolan can save india they are true and honest farmers are souls of country kissan zindabad
i dare you to askt these questions to central government minister or pm .
reporter did not act as independent reporter . he was not supposed to act and ask questions in this manner . i condemn his conduct . he has acted in a biased manner while asking questions .
reporter did not act as independent reporter . he was not supposed to act in this manner . i condemn his coduct .
ground journalist and anchor in tv studio go to modi and ask .
news wale chodo media kya tum log comments bhi padte ho , kabhi to pad bhi liya karo . aur izzat se bol raha hai ki dekh kya comments kiya hai ... izzat se hai isiliye tu hai otherwise thu-thu bhi to hai par par par par humne nahi bola . we are indian . we are kissan . we are against of these gov and media
what an anchor . this man deserve a promotion .
the reporter did not say a word in favor of the farmers demands only taliban taliban taliban taliban if modi is meeting taliban's representative then was there any need to repeat taliban taliban , was he bjp's representative or a reporter ? he was also being briefed by the anchor sitting in the studio . if modi finds taliban worthy for talks then why this reporter and anchor were showing soooooooo hate for taliban ? . and zero sympathies for the farmers . please be neutral not modi's representative . thanks .
best anchor ...
abp news
vah re jhooth a farebi ticket
ndtv ke pass iske alawa koi news nahi hai . laghe raho 3rd rated channel .
we are very happy to see hindu muslim kishan unity
first save india modi ji see your tragedy unemployment rate farmers bill covid situation gdp diesel and petrol 100 + mustard oil 200 + gas 800 + hindu vs muslim caa nrc gst demonetisation 0 press conference india for sale
we are with you sir , you go ahead we will crawl , walk and run for you . we love our farmers .
peoples mission : wipe out bjp from country . basis : remind one good program for ordinary people and recall peoples sufferings during last 7 years . modis governance proved mirage . think over .
we support
- ? ? the stand of sardar gurnam singh chaduni is commendable that is , the corporate fund based political system of our democratic & secular country may be said responsible for harassing the kissans . so that a new party namely all india kissan-mazdoor party should be made by agriculture people for flushing out corporated based politicians by democratic votes .
we are with farmers .
india should have a farmers party , they should stand up for elections as well
love from bangladesh
entire nation is with you ... farmers
these are all fake farmer's and coolies brought in from punjab / haryana / up by khangress / sp / communist
everybody know that who is behind this unnecessary strikes to give difficulties to common people . no support this political progamme from common people
indian big fake pary bjp rss
full support to bjp , all paid actors have come in muzaffarnagar , 50 rs each
we stand with our farmers
congress rld spa ke log h bus issme ,
boycott bjp
dacat tu chor hai
chor
why not said about mask in bjp election
up
deer shed antlers business is banned only in india from 1998
deer shed antlers business is banned only in india from 1998
deer shed antlers business is banned only in india from 1998
tuje to corona hi dikhe gana jo tumre aabba ki khurchi khatre me jay kishan jay jawan jay hind
madam bangal chunaw me bhi nhi thi social distenc tb to kuch nhi boli
who is this faltu leader
it should not be ... the wire ... but should b named ... the lier
its all politics nd for self goal ...
this means its the end of kisan andolan
" my grandfather used to say that once in your life you need a doctor , a lawyer , a policeman , and a preacher . but everyday , three times a day , you need a farmer . " - brenda schoepp .
" if the farmer is poor then so is the whole country . " - a polish proverb .
i was expecting the pain in this rabish kumars brother ... arfas nephew ... now tikait is muslim lover ... ola hu uber .
late but much appreciated good job by the government
thnks news 24 for cobvering kisan news
jala do modi ki lanka ... aise hi sansad ghero ... bjp bharat chhoro ... we don't want hitler pm
lage raho
bjp jjp chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor
godi media murdabad . godi media murdabad . rakesh tikait sir you are great .
bjp chor he
dalal reporter of dalal channel
your name is adarsh correct you are adarsh dalal of govt .
absolut dalal channel , ask modi and govt gas petrol desil , prices dint worry about rahul ghandi fighting poll from waynad
i appeal all political party please don't support these outfit they are comparing government with taliban and these law will never withdraw let it be any party government note it
abp news , , ,
bjp nda going congress coming
rakesh tikait chor hain
tikait and his gang is following covid protocols as same as they followed law and order of country in 26th jan . after 2-3 months when there will be spike in covid cases then same people and some portion of irresponsible media will start slandering the governments . is government officials are stopping them now from wearing masks ? we should recognise the faces of these super spreaders . he is chanting religious slogans from the front of the stage , but his wolves were involved in rape behind the tents in delhi . there is very much similarly between taliban and tikait .
iss , rajnetic.andolan me jitne neta hai pehle se congressi , sapa , comunist parties ke samarthak hai
its ok to be political by farmers . just get rid of egoistic government .
we are with you dear farmers , don't worry of the rss godi media , their days are limited . love and compassion will prevail again and sun of hopes and dreams will rise again . our country is greater than any bjp or modi , they are not nation .
news chalao ... apni soch logo par mat thopo
rakesh is correct .
bjp hatao desh bachavo
channel is itself nd its reporters stooges.isnt it ? ? ? down with this channel
iss andolan se subse jyada support congress , khalistani , jihadi kr rhe hai don't doubt ye bakchodi hai sirf up election tkk chalega bss
i only came to dislike
kisaan is also part of janata
right bole
hindu can not chant allah's ho akbar except rajesh takait god help him
rakesh taketh is useless ad he don't no what is talking . stupid
all bjp leader chor hai
aayega to yogi he .
dalal channel ! haramkhor desh drohi . modi / shah jaayega ! boycott aaj tak reliance / adani
tikait and his gang is following covid protocols as same as they followed law and order of country in 26th jan . after 2-3 months when there will be spike in covid cases then same people and some portion of irresponsible media will start slandering the governments . is government officials are stopping them now from wearing masks ? we should recognise the faces of these super spreaders . he is chanting religious slogans from the front of the stage , but his wolves were involved in rape behind the tents in delhi . there is very much similarly between taliban and tikait .
no vote for bjp beaause bjp desh virodhi party haa please no vote bjp party
rakesh tikat hi absolutely right
news task
dismissed the sdm
is india still a democracy ? the answer isnt so clear . india is no longer a democracy but an ' electoral autocracy ' : v-dem institute of sweden . farmers movement is completely a mass movement now . countdown has begun to end this " electoral autocracy " of modi-shah govt .
rich farmers driving suvs to come to agitation
tiger of india , , , proud of india , sade kissan leaders
do not allow any politicians to enter in your area ... throw them out ... dismiss bhaiyas sdm , , , fuddu sardar and regd murder cases on them and compensate sufferer farmers of karnal ...
tikat ji keep it up be in chardikala ...
bsd job police and government and rss
he is a goon
while many sympathize with farmer's demands , they should also realize that many shopkeepers and employed people can't go their work and their livelihood is suffering . they should make path clear for them .
now educated class is with you sir rakesh tikait ... its our duty to remove dictator from power ... ! !
what about 1984 riot victims
future bollywood movie
rakesh tikat is not a kisan neta.he is also a comedian . but huge respect to rakesh sir for supporting farmers
govt has lost it where is our nation heading
chain todne ki koshish
7 30 500 cbi
ish govt.ka 10 vote mere pas se cut gya sirf lut chal rahi h road pr police chaalan k name pr govt.tax k name pr sirf lut rahi h
modi ke relly ho rhi the tb kha the tum log corona me .. abb dek rha h corona . <user> media
modi is great prime minister of india and solution of terror corruption and black money
corona k niyam sirf kisano k liye aa rhe h . jb west bengal me election hue the tb aap logo ne corona niyam nhi dekhe the . most of the people in up have already been vaccinated if you people are really concerned about corona you should have speak it up when these rules were violated during west bengal election . media is one of the pillars of democracy but you people are neither transparent nor unbiased
very sad harayana govt justify the decision taken by the sdm
what is the area of ground in sq ft as a person will take about 4 sq.ft of space .
4.75 cr subscriber aur only 40-50 k view
why the top bjp leaders keeping their mouth shut ? none other than they might have taken huge favor from the corporates . if the leaders open their mouth in favor of farmers , then corporates open their loud mouth against bjp leaders . that's it . the bjp top are helpless or die ...
anchor
hye oye ye bond de na tu news waliye fer a
hanji its like modi or bjp , they are not following corona rules
bangal election mein corona rules kaha gaye the chor godi media
jai kisan jai mazdoor corporated govt murdabaad the fight is to protect food from going into the hands of corporates as well as farmers right both farmers and consumers will have to suffer under these farm laws
tere dhagde ki bheed ni dikhti election relly m
whats the price to hire a aaj tak reporter
bkl ho tum ab mask dkh re election m na dkhe ye mask
7 30 500 cbi
super flop show . they are giving such a type of picture that the crowd was huge . not more than 10k.in cricket city become a jam where the stadium capacity is 14k . they are fooling us . they are dalal of mandi .
chitra tripathi bala vedio chalao ... kaise news chalate ho ... achi news dikhate nahi
look at the presentation of this godi channel ... shame .. godi media ...
support our farmers , they are more valuable to our nation than modi and yogi on any day . they are the backbone of our nation and feed us . they work so hard and still called khalistani . i am really ashamed of our pm who never came to meet them . our pm sahab is more interested in attending elite weddings and compare functions . shame on these hypocritic betas . godi media is so irresponsible . come together for peace and unity .
dakait jame raho chor tumare sath hain
tikait and his gang is following covid protocols as same as they followed law and order of country in 26th jan . after 2-3 months when there will be spike in covid cases then same people and some portion of irresponsible media will start slandering the governments . is government officials are stopping them now from wearing masks ? we should recognise the faces of these super spreaders . he is chanting religious slogans from the front of the stage , but his wolves were involved in rape behind the tents in delhi . there is very much similarly between taliban and tikait .
hai re godi media hai hai . nowadays aaj tak and it's anchors became bjp spokespersons . shameless people , lost their dignity
desh bachana to bahana hai desh ko agar inhone kuch diya hai to vo hai bimari ya like cancer hazardous fertilizers medicines to get more crop and of good size qty quality pata nahi kya kya ye use karte hai as result high amt dene k bad bhi chote chote bachoo ko bhi cancer ho raha hai they cannot b called as kisan ye to sab vyapari hai jinke liye paisa imp hai tabhi cancerdata hai ye ab
jay shree ram yogi ji best cm
farmers or back bone of this earth long live kissan unity
to
modi-bjp sarkar both at centre and uttar pardesh can't withdraw the 3 farm bills , then what shall rakesh tikait should ask and do ? ask rahul gandhi to resign ? sonia gandhi to resign ? godi media protecting their masters at its best . well , do remember nothing is permanent . satyameva jayate
why the people still subscribe this godi media channels
fake farmer leader have nothing to do with farmer welfares , he is behave like he is a maulana shouting " allha o akhbar " . anti national attitude .
i pray to god that modi and yogi should / must win next election and then they should teach the dakait a good lesson .
tickat should become p m of next india he is bachpai of congress
we support farmer
all paid leaders of ardthiyas are befooling the poor farmers . they are paid workers of ardthiyas and will be properly handled by these poor farmers in coming days . ardthiyas have earned more than rs . 1000 crore as commission charges in punjab & hary . this amount could have been earned by farmers but ignorance or milibhagat of skm it was not demanded . this is ist indication that tikait & kuhar , etc are paid leaders and they call ardthiyas as service provider . farmers are not getting prices in mandi bcoz of cartel of commssion agent / ardthiyas . tikait is insisting trading only in mandis that is 2nd indication of milibhagat . skm is not insisting the msp should be base price in aution at mandi . skm is not taking real issue of farmers . such as - maximum large farmers ( > 10 ha ) and medium farmers ( more than 2 ha ) are in rajasthan . ( 43 % large farmer and 28 % medium farmer of the country ) . these farmers live in w . rajasthan and their income is < than 2 acre of irrigated areas . they never get benefit of loan waiver ( criteria is < 5 kila or acre or 2 ha ) and ebc reservation . how adani and amabni will harm these farmers as they dont have production . kcc limit , interest subvention , crop insurance , farmers definition , power connection , unemployment in rural youth , stray animals , etc so many issues are there . tikait is saying kcc is bad . you know his ignorance and foolishness .
naxalite is the future of india . support country naxalite and its government . naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights .
huge support to farmers
rakesh ticket chor hai
there is nothing like farmers protest .. few idiots want to become neta thts all
historic movement , an antitode to bjp hate .
tv9 r bharat zee news
thanks to sandeep chaudhary for highlighting the farmers ' issues .
feku dekh le , feku abhi gayio tu aur tere jhaduwale chamche
new india
sandeep chaudhary
lallantop do a interview with farmer leaders , why are you becoming godi media . where is saurabh sir , seems not interested in farmer issues . update : lallantop is owned by aajtak godi media . they are also godi .
wake up my fellow countrymen , we must be united against hate mongers bjp and rss . just remember that these people always tried to break the unity of our country since british times . we love our farmers and they are more valued than any modi yogi .
kal tak msp aur kala kanun wapas hona tha ab privatisation , hindu muslim unity , samvidhan bachao , bjp government hatao wala bhasan ... aur adani / ambani ko gali ... sayad desh ke 40 % population ( as per opposition ) fool hai jo second term serve karne ka mauka diya aur 3rd ka bhi chance hai ... my personal thinking this government have done something good for country and still trying to do the same honestly .
lallantop covered more about celebretys death than farmers protest . but its is not surprising because they are india today and bhakt media .
mission : - quit india modi movement is imminent in india . people with kisan morcha pledge - to wipe out bjp from country . rakesh tikait ji jindabad
lost cause ... nothing will happen i am with farm laws
rakesh chor chor
ya pura des shirf do hi company chala ruhe hai
why are you not making videos on rabiya's case ? shame on u lallantop
takait is idiot he does not understand what is he is talking making fools of people of india .
rld make this protest for political gain in up election after election this protest ends as caa
lallantop ... ? y do u want to be seen standing balanced .. ? u didn't cover the kisan mahapanchayat properly ... ? what's going on ...
i think lallantop is not a godi media .. and i come here to see some coverage but i get disappointed
bjp just copycatting congress in selling government units . and intentionally ruining bsnl .
pvt hoga to speed badeagi
next pm rahul gandhi
we support farmer
#standwithfarmers
this dumb idiot farm leader ? i watched so many videos of this fool , not even one was properly answered . he just divert & attack interviewers . fell sorry for followers of this craphead . definitely this is political , protest of middle loan shark dalals in punjab & haryana . why these ppl make rich living out of real poor farmers . for sure this dikait is not poor with 100cr property & car showrooms . india should crush fake ppl of this kind .
rakesh ticket very good man
spokesperson of bjp in bjp channel promoting themselves with titles
abp news sold
abp news sold
abp news sold
abp news sold by bjp
chor
become one and putoff the roots roots roots of butcher bjp leadership's , only solution , , , they are gunddas criminals and having hold upon judiciary .
stand with farmers
this is all planned by pakistan , khalistani , muslim , opposite party , baniya , middleman how pakistan is investing in this protest pakistan is transferring money to canadian khalistani organization and where they both collect money and transfer in india for protest as well as in india , money is collected from opposition party , middleman , anti aliment muslim , khalistani sikh . what's will be effect from them by protest 1 . pakistan will effect indian economy by internal riots without pakistan military attack 2 . indian muslim and sikhs can stop india to become hindu rastra 3 . opposite political party can defeat bjp and make own government 4 . sikh will agrue from in the name of bjp . their strategy to stop voters to vote bjp 1 . say them bhagat 2 . say them bjp it cell but all we know now that's their in comments section 80 % pakistani it cell + khalistani it ce ll is working and if others comments in favour of bjp government then they will say it's bjp it cell or godi media . but internally 80 % khalistani and pakistani it cell is working so that they can increase riots in india . be aware from indian name i'd in comments they all are pakistani but have made indian named id so that they can make fool to indian youth .
choudery ser chotu ram amer rahe choudery charn singh amer rahe choudery ajeet singh amer rahe
thanks
this man has gone insane
it's political front now ... they didn't talk about farmer laws but everything else
ll big fraud are befooling the poor farmers . they are paid workers of ardthiyas and will be properly handl by these poor farmers in coming days.skm is not taking real issue of farmers . such as - maximum large farmers ( > 10 ha ) and medium farmers ( more than 2 ha ) are in rajasthan . ( 43 % large farmer and 28 % medium farmer of the country ) . these farmers live in w . rajasthan and their income is < than 2 acre of irrigated areas . they never get benefit of loan waiver ( criteria is < 5 kila or acre or 2 ha ) and ebc reservation . how adani and amabni will harm these farmers as they dont have production . kcc limit , interest subvention , crop insurance , farmers definition , power connection , unemployment in rural youth , stray animals , etc so many issues are there . tikait is saying kcc is bad . you know his ignorance and
for doubling of farmers income and for agriculture development , central govt has supported or initiated various steps like - i ) . 99 irrigation projects supported under ltif and completed by march 2020 ( rs . 90000 crore ) in various states , ii ) pm fsal bima yojna revised in 2015 where pre sowing expenditure in case of no sowing was included ( implementation is in hand of state govt ) , iii ) , pm - samman nidhi ( rs . 75000 crore , kcc interest subvention upto rs . 3 lakh ( 5 % interest subvention ) , iv ) pm - sampada yojana ( to increase fish production ) . v ) dairy infrastructure development fund for cooperative sector to incresae milk processing capacity , vi ) animal husbandry infrastructure development fund , vii ) . agril infrastructure fund ( rs . 1 lakh crore ) , viii ) , formation of 10000 farmers producers organisation by 2024-25 in each block , ix ) , e-nam trading through 525 apmcs , x ) . agri start up yojana , etc . - you can judge yourself as these schemes are already on g
disgusting people .
tikait is typical example of people due to who india was invaded and ruled by foreigners . he has raised " allaho akbar " slogan . he will do any thing for money and power .
salo yha barojgare tho kabsa ha tab tu aur tara bap kha the bjle tho private tho hoge pdd wala kam nahi krtha ha free ke khatha ha rishavat khatha ha tho government tho private krage
thug - ait
lion of muzaffar nagar
up
encounter him nobody never ever support these broker middleman mandi walas
rakesh tikait will get black tikait from congress for election
boycott bjp
salute my country farmer & army
respect from punjab
no vote for bjp beaause bjp desh virodhi party haa please no vote bjp party
ardthiyas have earned more than rs . 1000 crore as commission charges in punjab & hary . this amount could have been earned by farmers but ignorance or milibhagat of skm it was not demande
alla huakbar khene se vo talibani nai banjata ... he is respecting other religions ... aur ye poori video ni h ... usne harhar mahadev b bola hai
evidently clear , all are united to set up a face against mr modi ... kejriwal failed mamta failed rahul failed ... now this chutiya bakait is playing muslim card ! chadarmod !
show full video don't spread rumours and bjp agenda . he said allah hu akbar and har har mahadev . rss ki jali
godi media complet video share karo har har mahadev ko kiun chupa rahe ho ... shame shame fake news factory
they teach you about the british divide and rule policy in school which lasted almost 400 years what they don't teach you in school about hinduism divide and rule policy they divide people in the name of caste and ruled for more than 1000 years ...
protest with sense ... we are farmers , but don't join.idioitc protest , there is nothing wrong in bill ..
niche comments me andh bhakths it cell waale hai
action lo aise logu m faltu log h yeah
real hero of our modern democracy .
thanks
hey prabhuji save our country from this system
only kisaan and rozi roti
shri.rakesh tikait is speaking like a matured leader . may god bless him . thank you ndtv for being voice of the nation .
if govt companies are so efficient , then why they are not able to produce quality products . bsnl unable to provide proper coverage in cities , rail was never clean when it was handled by govt employees , we saw highway conditions before ppp model , there was hardly 5k highway post independence till 1999 . if our ordinance factory are so efficient then why we are dependent on import on arms . if tiket says everything is sold then i must say how he is having properties worth of millions .
tikait se puchho kya wo 2017 election me apne bete ke liye bjp se ticket nhi maaga tha jise bjp ne mna kr diya tha puchhna agli bar aaye to .
fake govt . ( bjp ) . hate is there main goal .
desh ka ek matra news chennal ndtv
rakesh t would be the best pm of india one day
ndtv always broadcast real and genuine , unbiased news .
rakesh tikait jindabad bjp government total failure boycott this government of bjp
peoples mission : wipe out bjp from country . base : remind one good program for ordinary people and recall peoples sufferings during last 7 years in country .
modi has forgot what he said in 2014 election if he doesn't remember he has to go for brain test
mr ticket have alot quality , witch is cheaf quality talking styl
rakesh tikait only interested in pulling down bjp instead of better future farmers
looking at this interview of rakesh ticket seems he is not aware of the three kanoons and don't know the three kanoons of krushi feel he is a paid kisan for aandoilan to conduct and if he was knowing the three kanoons could have easily given answers poor kisans are unnecessary with out any knowledge supporting this furgi kisan neta who does not know the three kanoons , garib kisans haveing few 1000 sq.ft of agriculture land must know the importance of the three kanoons which is for their benefits wake up garib kisans the three kanoons are in their favours
govt should arrest this man
i am not a farmer but my in-laws and relatives are farmers .. they are against these laws introduced by the government and they are not influenced by any party . so i can say that ki bik gayaa ek aur channel . god bless us .
u r great mam . country need like u
ias
tikeit jhuth bol rahe h bajre ka bhaw 2000 rs per quintal h ... congress ki gov . me 1200 rs tha
yahi to main bat hai ... nothing to see from billl but bill ke nam pr juth failana hai ...
alwar me to huee the ...
he is doing politics of unity not politics of destructions
abe badve you hindu are muslim tell too first you anti bharath anti hindu
good video thanks from london
bjp's only national party india
rakesh ticket chor h
a failed leader .
congress rld spa ke log h bus
love u only all farmers
prashant kishor should come forward ... to help out in this matter
up m only yogi
only bjp
besharam government
justic ...
b jp india is out
he has to be suspended ! idiots are thinking they are having super powers ! rotten system of ias , ips , irs , ifs ... ! ! god save this country
power of formers kisan ekatha zindabad
no farmers no food
he should dissmiss
great
aise officer ko terminate karna chahiye
ias officer ko immediately arrest kare or lifetime k liye jail mai daal dena chahiye
ayush sinha has been promoted instead of his suspension ..
is this sdm that important ?
saspend karo please tabhi desh sudhrega
boycott bjp
hes not farmer he wants only money
indian rss hindtwa are planning to kill another hureeat rahnuma in kashmir who are in prison
government is been very easy on these stupid people . local people are getting hurt . who gave these so called farmers to block roads for other people . the farm laws are not implemented and no one knows what effects it will have . government should put these people in jail .
just remove bad elements in this protest
this are not kissan this imbalance khalistani are getting paid by antinational fund's
ndtv " " i
tikiat must be put in jail now . enough
tikiat must be put in jail now . enough is enough
yogi hi tow sb fit hi nhi tow deaklena
public jaan ,
tikait chor hi
bjp only bjp
very unfortunate to see that so many of our youth are scared of competition . they need everything in life but do not want to complete with the world . mr . takait ji . please go through the new laws . nothing is being sold to anyone . please listen to smt . smriti iranis views . your doubts will be cleared .
rakesh ticket per to iski apne rishtedar biwi bacche kutumb parivar sab hanste honge
dakaiat chor hai
saheed hone wala police dekh kar rone laga tha
bakvas news on the india tv
dakait congress terrorist
bjp's only national party india
media = stand for only bjp
rakesh decoit's farmers protest turned to " allah-hu-akbar " party . since " talibans " entered afghanistan . luckily our " real farmers " are out of this shameful scam . jai jawan , jai kisaan ...
tikat is a paid agent of ( congress + communist + china + isi agenda ) anti - modi , anti - hindu basically ...
tikat is a paid agent of ( congress + communist + china + isi agenda ) anti - modi , anti - hindu basically ...
hamne bole the a pappu ki sena hay
ahi to sunna tha
congressi chamche hai sab
minakshi . joshi . is . great . my . sister
ultimately suspense revealed ti cket in the disguise of farmers leader , has shown his agenda to become political leader , with the support of aap , congress , and anti national.elements , such as cpi , khalistan and islamic agencies ! ! to destabilize modi and yogi .
now he is no more farmer leader ! ! ! he is dng his own politics ! !
their grit and perseverance is phenomenal , this is the greatest protest since independence
sachhi news channel hindustan live
a lot better speech than namo ! ! !
this government is the biggest criminal of the common people ... of india ...
bjp ke chamcho apni ankhe band kar lo or usaki gulami karo
mission : - quit india modi movement is imminent in india . people with kisan morcha pledge - to wipe out bjp from country . rakesh tikait ji jindabad
sapa and congress b team
we support farmers
q-why people have not justice in their country briefly explain afghan and bharat condition ? ans-afghan taliban = hindu taliban derived formula in eq . 1 taliban = bjp ( rss ) 2 hence proved this the reason people have not justice in their own country
you are the 1st one
why you talking rubbish when kaasan died i am kaasan where are you just more tork tork your politician you never be with he kaasan .
peeche vampanthi thappe wale log khade hai , and that sums up all
deer shed antlers business is banned only in india from 1998 .
rakesh ticket , you are turning people to be fool . your dream for ticket will never come true .
rakesh tikait should be arrested the moment he breaks the law ! he is making very provocative statements !
hahhahah aa jao up mai
word to word correct bolra hai ..
this person should be sent to afghanistan
you mean fake farmers .
this disaster has no rights to even speak . he is antinational
he should answer first ... what happened to delhi police ... rss ... kaya karna hain isko
rakesh decoit havent read the farm bills yet but slams everyone and condems every one ..
is this human being a farmer ? his wealth and income must be scrutinized to see how much he gains from agricultural wages or sale proceeds of his own agro produce . if he is substantiated , the government should call again for talks . if found wrong , he should be put in jail and his assets confiscated for creating unrest in the country .
i will support for baton charge bcz they all are antiindians work for money .
he is not speaking like farmer leader but he is speaking like political leader . after some days all going to know who is behind you takayatha app ka tikana tikega nahi saab ko patha chalneka time anevalahy
these are not farmers . these are puppets of opposition
can someone pls explain what this andolan is about ?
if baton charge would have happened during 26 jan on this tikat things would have changed for long .
rss is real terrorist
congress ke dlal
well done sdm . we are with you .
this is only because they have congress govt . let those basterds come to up . we will certainly like to welcome them .
dacket ki poti : searching who is this mia khalifa
assam up bihar flood wb lockdown maharashtra kerala rising covid 19 cases nothing matters to them irrespective of selection , it's disrespectful towards doctors and would be doctors how service doctors will cross from district to exam center during lockdown flood they don't care bother , and putting 20l doctors and plus 2 students and around 1 cr relatives friends life at risk they will spread covid 19 and won't mind 3rd wave even as it will postpone reelection further when they should have solely focused on 1cr / day vaccination for next 2 month to ensure 50 % of population get vaccinated and can conduct neet ug pg ss fmge in november easily ima must tell to postpone examination till november honble cm must ensure in 2022 jee ( med ) pgmed is conducted for state ug pg seats like before and for all india , dnb , private seats let them conduct neet ug pg ss exams like jee engg & iit main coexist disrespectful towards doctors before examination won't be accepted by physician and common public both effect will surely be felt in 2022 elections better they vaccinate 1 cr / day to vaccinate 50 percent population in next 60days as if 3rd wave emerge before diwali , not only economy but 2022 elections will give disaster
great work done by the sdm , salute aapko sir , bikul sahi kiya
farmer's fake protest : , . , .  

  
   . , . , . 
   
   . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , .
who is this asshole called farmer
so disgusting lady . she never asked about inflation , price hike
news bjp heroin
rubika ko tector pasand he
300 crore ki property sarab ke theke ka malik h chor h maha chor
respects for farmer
ye modi pagal ho gaya hai , full support to farmers
stop demonizing farmers biased media . modi-yogi-bjp have to go . farmers will be victorious .
election results me dikhega farmer power .
jaldi jaldi modi ke tatte gande gande comments kro chalo
only farmers
these days people are searching on google
chor saval
such panchayat a turning point of indian politics
awesome reporting
kisan and majdoor divide .
jai javan jai kisan hail and bjp govt modi yogi khatar and shah ruling party dictator not listen kisan mazdoor from last 9 month govt try to devide hindus muslims sikhs they all kisan and javan .
desh corporate k haton me
it's funny , they think they will a factor in upcoming up election and they have no idea how much general people hate them , for their nuisance . disrespectful behaviour , blocking roads , causing trouble to general people . my best wishes to them
if bjp looses elections then the soul of the farmers who died will rest in peace
mition start
bjp hato desh bacho
love for ndtv from scotland :)
ensefelitis , corona , ab dengu ... avi v yogi hi chahiye ? ? ?
jai kisan jai zawan yogi ji will become again cm of up sure because he is honest i trust him
now godi will say these kisan are all khalistani . this is what happens when people are angry with bjp and godi media has no balls to question the government . jai hind .
my sister chitra thripathiji ji good news
farmer's fake protest : , . , .  

  
   . , . , . 
   
   . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , .
complete lock down is important , corona patient will increase
no farmer no food no future
i stand with kisan
proud to farmers
dekh lo godi media nak dbo mro sharm kro hr cheej paisa nhi hota bikao . miedia
i too we too together bharat vasi are with the farmers and the great sipoys jai javan jai kisan . why bharath sarkar is not with jai javan jai kisan ... when every government whether state or centre is for the people . kya bharath sarkar ka bhi koi dharm hai isa lag raha hai , but there is no dharm except democracy na , isaka jawab he ye unprecedented mahapanchayat ... abhi waqt hai ... jago sarkar chalane valo manlo kisano ki har maang demand rad karo 3 kanoon
boycott godi news channel ... i support ravish kumar ...
shere - a-hindustan
rss = taliban is right
now andhbhakt says they are nakli kissan
lok ik sath rehna chahte hai per hamare politician hume ik sath nahi rehne dete ..
kisan ekta jindabad modi kteeed and hater's murdabad all farmers and supporters are be brave and strong
in regards to kishan agitation i think it is needed to collect individual opinion of every people of india as political leaders are corrupted .
the greatest achievement of morcha is that divide and rule policy of kale angrej ceased to work bhaichara which was divided by bjp for its political gains has re established
real farmer amit shah mitroo ooo
not a single vote for bjp for save indian democracy
bjp bharat choro
bjp kisan morcha real agent of rss bjp and corporates
come together indians save india by electing an educated government plz !
new british govt under modi should go
bjp hato desh bacho ...
thanks for giving us true news ...
poor image of farmers has to be changed , farmers need good income too .
indians should do a revolution like french revolution and russion revolution and punish this facist regime and take back all the money looted in 7 years .
bycoot media
bhosdi walo ye andolan pichle 10 mahine se up me bhi barabar ho raha he
bjp hatao desh bachavo
jay congress
sb theek hoga
koi congress koi bjp nhi chlayegi desh kissan chlayenge , abb bhi bolo bhenchodo k up wale bhi khalistaani hein
power of farmer
real hona chahiye
bill is good
bjp government is right
47 m subscribe 20k view
my self son of kisan . i support yogi and modi and this bill too . becz yai bill kisan ke liyai bhaut acha hai warna tho dhek he lo 70 years se kisan logo ki kya halat hai .
congratulation india for covid 3rd wave ...
rakesh is doing politics , it's seem 2 b another shaheen baag shameless people's .
corrupted media
godi media , showing yogi advertising while showing farmer protest . shame on you aj tak .
... , gst ! congress communists ! up - ! ! ! ! ! ! 14 ! ... , " " , ? !
bjp hato desh bacho
! zee news , aaj tak , republic bharat , tv9 bharat , news nation , news 18india , sudharshan news , abp news etc .
aajtak is official sponsor of kisan virodhi andolan
bjp mukt up
up me covid - 19 nehi hoga please ndtv and left media
...   .. only one chance
happy teachers day
modi hatato desh bachao
if democracy ko bachana then farmers ki support kro sabb
congress aao desh bachao please
rakesh decoit = " allah - hu - akbar " party . luckily our " real farmers " are not in this scam . jai jawan , jai kisaan ...
rakesh decoit's farmers protest turned to " allah-hu-akbar " party . since " talibans " entered afghanistan . luckily our " real farmers " are out of this shameful scam . jai jawan , jai kisaan ...
chalo aapko cowrege ka chance to mil gaya
great job aaj tak ... aaj varsho baad chitra tirpathi achhi lagi hai
you and likes of you are 3rd grade journalist , or would say no grade at all . shame on you
farmer's fake protest : , . , .  

  
   . , . , . 
   
   . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , .
why ur channel is not covering rabiya saifi's brutal murder case , who was murdered in delhi . shameful channel . #justice for rabiya .
318 comet dekhe jo sirf kisano ke hit me dekhe bahut hi achacha laga
stand with farmers
corona khtm ho gaya india corona free
tum news wale modi ji se q nhi puchte jb wo cn the tb msp ko le kr bolte the ab jb pm h toh kuch nhi kr rhe h
05:00 chitra tripathi was thrown out liar aaj tak
bjp chanda chor party hai
shame on godi
aap jaise tommy chatukar channel is the cause of farmers woes
boycott this channel
farmer's fake protest : , . , .  

  
   . , . , . 
   
   . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , .
... great anchor
ur reporter very long distance from public why ? ? ?
all the farmers gathered are terrorists according to bjp bjp destroying bjp with it's own policy
few thousand fudu in peices n tieces .
yeh toh sirf trailer hai . apparently , ignorance of farmers would be the key reason for ending bjp's dictatorship regime .
play with fire not with yogi he is here to stay and rule india atleast 20 years from 2025 to 2045 . once up elections are over bjp will switch to a different mode so mark my words and be careful
well i have been staunch supporter of pro farmers . but after seeing red fort violence and sick-nonsense speeches of moron tikait , i know , this is just political gimmick to defeat bjp . it id quite evident now . and btw , yogi hi ek hai jo inke buckle kholega . yogi must stay .
communal and anti farmers agenda of bjp won't work anymore .
time for modi yogi to pack their bags .
nobody has forgotten the peaceful community peace deeds in 2014 . tikait is joker ..
" our leaders are wolves in monk's clothing " .
" if the farmer is poor then so is the whole country " - a polish proverb .
if the farmers dont want their benefits then government should not enforce on the will of farmers.simple.leave them alone .
my prediction for 2022 up election : bjp will form the government but by a significantly smaller propotion . at max they will get 55 % of the total seats and slightly kesser vote share and the biggest dent they will face will be in khari boli region of up . given the fact i am repulsed by bjp-rss narrative theyve been running for a while , yogi has done a great job when it comes to law and order and infrastructural upgrade . also the recent investments in the defence corridor of up have been a great move too , all in all , yogi has been a good cm and he has avoided giving out crap statements against the farmer movement .
print praying for bjp to lose in up and india . what an excellent one sided media like wire ndtv quint wp nyt wsj bbc hindu
i don't think people will give bjp just one chance in up , atleast if u need results u need 2-3 times
haha it was a big flop show tiket only saving one seat for him we know you print you tried this many times
do some research before going online ... sleepy fellow .
in 2019 also same jat muslim rethoric was played lekin kuch nahi hua . also same was in gujarat where all media said patidars r not happy but we all know what happened .
the print is a fact based , unbiased media fighting for everyone's rights and enlightening ppl of facts and simplifying things . not meant for andh bhakts with flawed logic gained from whatsapp , godi media & other propaganda mediums . thank you the print !
ok but when it comes to bjp all analysis and prediction fails .. i actually like the move of corporate money in indian agriculture to modernize its tools and technology ..
i thought print is english channel .. i don't know hindi
sub title in english will be welcome by those who are not well conversant with hindi . at least , a small sum up will be enough . rk
this is agitation of 90 % punjabi .. 30 % haryana and 15 % western up farmers
the way the print trying to convey is that everything should be subsidized , including farmers fully . then why not subsidize not charge for reading the print . where will you get money from ?
earlier they were calling students as naxals now they're calling farmers as khalistaani tomorrow they will target you too and there won't be anyone to support you against the government and media nexus domt support these pimps of adani or they will loot u without you even noticing it
good video by animesh sir . sir , what is your opinion about the bjp strategy in uttarakhand . do you think bjp feels they have an edge there or is the congress under harish rawat a formidable challenger . with aap also trying to raise issues of nationalism , what will be their impact and which way are the winds blowing in the hill state ? what is your assessment ? would love if animesh sir could reply to this question ?
that's your very dreamy wishful stuff , dear ! ... if so , how come that survey after surveys , even the latest c voter one , points to that forgone conclusion ( around 275 for yogi'bjp ) ?
not at all , they are mostly from punjab and haryana . maybe there could be a dent of 30-40 seats but bjp is coming with 2/3 majority for sure .
dacoit is proxy of khangressy and other opposition parties who have been funding to sustain the agitation .
this guy is spreading a very toxic communist anti-market idea . it will be destructive to everyone . he is taking advantage of illiteracy of farmers in matters of economy , for his political ambitions .
sanyukta kisan morcha ... is fight for india ..
these are not kisan they're talibani
yogi ji jindabad these are paid men not farmers
* they are blood suckers of the farmers . those protesting are paid by arthiyas for personal gains if govt repeals the farm laws ; what are their plans ? since they are anti-corporates . are they going to make new warehouses ? establish new market accessibility ? new connectivity ? new exports markets ? reduce / refuse receiving subsidies ? ... *
dalal kissans are mad that they cannot cheat poor farmers
bjp hataw desh bachaw
varun gandhi . of course its a same blood runs
* farm protestors , tikait ... are blood suckers of the farmers . those protesting are paid by arthiyas for personal gains if govt repeals the farm laws * ; * what are farm protest leader plans ? since they are anti-corporates . are they going to make new warehouses ? establish new market accessibility ? new connectivity ? new exports markets ? reduce / refuse receiving subsidies ? ... *
* think always blame adnai / ambani / tata - - - they provided oxygen & other relief . they provide jobs etc .. logical thing : can a poor help a poor ? the farmers & average man been jealous always blame rich for his failures .. *
political organization only
shame on you
jind m to chala h
according to constitution sdm pr fir hona chahiye
kya ho gya hai godi media walo ko ... afghanistan ke andar hi ghus gae hai ... apne desh ki baat karlo godi media walo ... these channels name will be written with shit words in future ... i think they will be part of project studies for students about dalaal media
for a moment i thought it was 2013 and bjp was protesting against price rise and high petrol prices .
very good discussion for bjp
i think javeed akhtar is right
commentary midia ker hai
now taliban is most important popular and famous in india .
i spot javeed akhtar
i stand with farmer bcoz i m farmar .
these are handful dogala persons . these are politicians . these leaders should be punished strictly much earlier but why government is giving more rope .
rss is biggest terrorist than taliban and isis
what is saying by javed akhtar this is true rss no difference between taliban and isis
rss is terrorist organisation . jawed is right always
aaj tak godi modia ki one of the biggest shameless and useless channels . their anchors are absulately fully promoting godi modia's and government agenda . gandhi naali ka keeda channel
this anchor get out kisan mahapanchayat last day
farmer's fake protest : , . , .  

  
   . , . , . 
   
   . , . , . , . , . , . , . , . , .
she godi media is treated badly
bjp hataw desh bachaw
lock the borders beat them like dogs
let the government stop the quarterly rs 2000 / being transferred to a / cs of such kisans who are creating anarchy .
we support farmers but kisaano k nam pe violence na ho jo log apni dukaan chala hai wo band ho
government please dont ignore them . they are the most important people in our country . if you will ignore then you will suffer . its been like almost 1 year
yogendra yadav is great citizen of india
bjp hato desh bacho
ye banda kishan nahi ... he has political aspiration ... stay aware
aaj tak wahaan mat jaiyo .. godi media is not welcome there .. lol
yoginderji , move towards development of the nation instead of indulging in langers , shabeels , dharnas , virodh and fissiparous activities .
yeh ek political stunt hai janaab
rakesh tikait is a farmer or politician ? you decide ! has networth over rs 80 crore ( $ 11 million ) ! ! which real farmer in inda earns so much ? his daughter jyoti tikait , lives in australia . kisan ki beti ? rakesh is leader of bku ( bharatiya kisan union ) he got it from his father mahendra singh tikait now his son will take over it .. its a family business ? why cant anyone else become bku head ? the 3 farm laws have already been suspended . still why are you fighting ? what is wrong with the 3 farm laws anyway ? why are you shouting alla-ho-akbhar ? what is it got to do with farmers problem ? why there were only muslims & jats ? are there no farmers other than jats ? why didnt you ask mamata didi to implement pm kisan nidhi samman amount ? why there were over 600 luxury vehicles in the kisan mahapanchayat ? ( poor farmers ? ) media stopped reporting on covid - 19 restrictions because they are anti-modi ?
abhi covid - 19 restrictions nahi hai !
3rd wave coming soon
ndtv is the best chanell
lakh bhi nai aye aadhe to political wale honge
great efforts by skm ...
ndtv doing great job
farmers are the back bone of country ...
newer elaction win oting machain prod
we oppose of the modi government black rules and false promises
we support farmers
sscgd 2018 all medical fit joining do
ndtv and ravish no . 1
we are in support of farmers , bjp will face the consequences in 2024
tikait has been fully xposed because government already 1 . 5 saal ke liye kanoon vapas le chuki hai aur ye frji aandolan kr rha jisme rld + congress + khalistani 90 percent bhare pde hai ye kl mujjafarnagar ne caa , nrc aur npr ko teen kaale kanoon bta rhe the n to unko kuch kanoon ka pta tha n kuch jai shree ram
naxalite is the future of india . support country naxalite and its government . naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights .
tumara channel band hone wala hai ... public se benti sirf ndtv .. aur sandeep chowdhri news 24 dekhe
aaj tak channel hindu hai yaa aantakwaadi ? ? ?
wish if yu were a part of the masses farmers common people of this nation by joining their voices and helping in averting these situations of unrest injustice arrogance insensitivites and indifference which shown by ruling regime.many times it has been said that the role of free media is very very important and in democracy media must save democracy in any cost.just come out of your conscience to judge the situations.indeed india today is not the same it is very much godi media .
very soon your channel anchor will be sent to jail , just wait for it . truth will overcome no matter what .
and the elder and old people say that young generation haslost the energy to do revolutions
our brother
this is india everyone is one one army one person but you decided meny problems
shame of u bjp
never mess with your father kids
in 2020 these shitty cameras
taam unti draao so pani ke fawwarya te ... jo kassi k jakhm rok de s garya te ... ye haryana , punjab , up and rajasthan k kisan h ... pm ki kursi pe tractor chadaa denge gundagardi pe aa gye toh ... ye taa apni elected govt h krke peace peace kru jaande ... wrna minutes ni lgni govt k against jaaane me ... kaise rojogey hme 60-70 % army belongs to these four states . and all are either farmer's brothers or their sons
india is just a terrorist country where minorities can only be oppressed and they cannot be given their rights .
farmer are not terrorist
long live indian farmers ..
farmers protest have justice , they are fighting for india , but central government working only for corporate business people and working against to indian farmers and common man and looting public money with high taxes and duties ..
first destroy godi media , everything will become normal .
watching this makes you so proud respect
remember farmers are the backbone of our country ...
teaching , how to protest
shame on this government
real hero
such a pity india is the hub of religious hate . first muslims now sikh . #freepunjab #khalistan
saare a sher h ye ... to ...
great job veer , we all love you
shameless modi and his goons !
what is this hero name ?
please sign this petition will be submitted to the fao un at the rally outside the hq in rome on 15 jan 2021 . * <url>
please sign this petition will be submitted to the fao un at the rally outside the hq in rome on 15 jan 2021 . * <url>
its very sad and violation of human rights by police to use water canon and tear gas on peacefully protestors .
me actually focusing on the trauma center board
this is called sikh
again punjab is saving india , so everybody should understand that it's always politics trying to divide us by saying us khlistani , we need to get modi and his godi media know that we have given them sky and now well hit them back to ground
pulis wale madrcoh h
nothing but respect and loads of blessings ..
where is he now ?
police : i took it personal
pakistan needs this against our shitty sharifs and maulanas too .
charge sheet file again homeminister ...
protest straight to ambanis house
great
maybe less protesting more farming . your gonna wanna eat later this year .
see the one with the riot shield ? thats your boy flowapowa 42o and his boys sparky _1981 from twitch running the show . can you spot them ? check out the stream and come back and let us know . if you can find him you win a prize ! ! !
only two state farmers
please support our farmers
god please come soon
oh my god that is india , the biggest democracy of the world . police is being hella brutal . lol
so they attack the people who feed them
indian farmers ' power
they obviously make us waste our time watching this well i trade forex from the comfort of my home with the help and guidance of an expert trader carlos _1uptrades on ! g . .
shame on you bjp sarkar and all police prashasan jo aise ghatiya prashasan ke kahane per apne hi hi bhav bhaiyon per atyachar kar rahe hain
tractor rally , next a tractor convoy
this is the purpose of covid - 19 , to destroy all country . don't waste your time fight with your government . find who the one make the virus rumors and the vaccines . and shoot to kill .
our priminister is world feku no 1 award winner big thief
<url> we relon limited is an inventor and manufacturer of the world's 1st lpg gas leak safety device . this is a patented product and approved from the government of india lab . we are looking for a superstockist and distributor in pan india . phone : 011-4316181 8 | whatsapp : +91-7669922294 connect us for more details : relon limited 9th floor , prakashdeep building , tolstoy marg , new delhi 110001 phone : 011-4316181 8 | whatsapp : +91-7669922294 website - <url> #gasguard #lpg #superstockist #distributorship #businessopportunity #relonlimited #relon #startupbusiness #gasleaksafetydevice #safety #startup #safety #startup #safety #startup #safety #startup #safety #startup #safety #startup #safety #directselling #goa #rajasthan #andhra_pradesh #telangana #punjab # #uttarpradesh #maharashtra #mp #kerala #tamilnadu #karnataka #westbengal #arunachalpradesh #sikkim #nagaland
very . mcey
they should all go home on the tractors
including amit shah and modi will also included in this famine ..
there will be famine , if it continues like this ... govt should do something ... sowing of grains is about to come
they are not farmers . real terrorists
farmers has right to protest whats wrong with the police they do protest peacefully but the police dont listen the facts all they know how to bullied citizens then sikh community know how to deal with police the only way is
fifty-five hundred seven forty nine two forty seven two thirty eight fifteen hundred four fifteen hundred five fifteen hundred fifteen sixty hundred one one seven thousand and sixty-six three three four three eighty one seventy nine three eighty two seventy three fourteen hundred ten twenty thirty forty five twenty three five twenty nine five twenty two two two billion and zero sixteen hundred two 1622222 views
now the indian government playing the kashmir strategy by blocking mobile and internet service in the area of protest what the indian government wont do to hide the truth ... incredible india i dont think so
pause the video . and see there's a kashmir .
hooligans not farmers protesting in the most non violent way possible . our national flag was desecrated . totally unacceptable to indulge in arson , rioting and waging war against the nation .
india will divided now
actually this bill is very good for the farmers in future ... why they can't understand the fact ... ! !
this is our weakness we by ourselves distroy the country this is the poison for the country
abp news is a terrorist news they represent oppression in india . they must pay
kishan jindabad , , from assam
shem on government ...
farmers are bases of india , help farmers
i have about 5 % of my portfolio in uranium bitcoin any advice on any other crypto currency that i can grow my $ 300k capital to a million dollars ?
bjp he to mumkin he . jai sri ram ram ram ram hare ram
bjp rss now practicing full fledged fascism in all over india brother
good reporting
khatar govt has take appropriate steps to stop such goons in the form of the kissans
amish govt / out of turn promotion
very . nice . neews . batt . very . good . spich . di . hai . magar . ye . sab . chor . our . baiman . hain . bewkuf . sarkar
nidhi mam is most beautiful female anchor . thank you .
why modi is still sleeping on this issue i wonder , this could be start of his spiral down . he need to settle this issue asap , wonder why it is still going on
stop these idiots , covid has not gone yet
interrogation rooms should be fitted with c . c cameras to note police zulam to the culprits .
if khatteris saving sinha , it is khatter who is behind the conspiracy of attacking the farmers . khatter should be dethroned at once , khatter is enemy of humanity and all farmers .
don't get into the trap of kisaan sangh.if they support why can't they join kisaan sanjuct morcha , why they are separate ?
why you install now bharati kisan separate union when already many jathebandis are still on agitation for more than a year . it seems you now want to disturb the jathebandis already working on the agenda .
she has such a sweet voice .. very pleasant news reader ..
kindly also ask why the center passed 3 bills which subject is purely state subject , produce and marketing ( raw wheat and dhan khona ) and attach with trade and commerce ( wheat floor and rice ) . if this has done by center then in coming time it can pass many more bills on state subjects . ask why this ? ? ? bakwas leader and his center interest views .
sabas ndtv ... you are people's face
ndtv best chanal
corporate can sell in international market with high price and real suffers will be low income group
if government will go ahead like this india will become srilanka where food is problem
marshall coom always struggle to save nation
government want to see extreme of movement to check thier strength
punjab n hariyana farmers ' economy is far far better than other states ' farmers . central govt purchases crops at mrp price from punjab n hariyana only on priority . you are all rich farmers / people ( not poor farmers ) agitating against govt .
when would we see prime times
100 % reporting ! hats off ndtv
all citizens must read 3 agricultural laws . totally anti farmers laws & benefits corporates . 1 . no provision for farmers to go to courts incase of dispute with private contractors / buyer's . 2 . farmers cannot fix price on produce . no guarantee on purchase price . 3 . private buyer / corporates can fix any rate on produce , not required to buy crops from farmers on msp . 4 . unlimited storage of grains / produce to corporates which can easily lead to black marketing & inflation . these laws weakens farmers & empowers corporates . anti farmers laws .
this channel will be bankrupt in no time
great chenal ndtv great news
rakesh tikait proving t be a true peasant leader like his father . bjp usual tactics of cutting internet / mobile communications are totally anti people .
no farmers no food
rakish , dikat has became a true leader of farmers , he is a fighter , he like mamta is capable to face rss fascist ideology organisation ,
we support kisan joi kisan
where is andhra pradesh most farming in india . jai farming
please dont blame isi for this
the same as in europe ... no farmers = no food
this is khalistan protest not farmers protest
this is the real face of modi goverment , they attack the poor farmers for helping the corporates .
the bjp is the enemy of humanity ... tamil people support sikh farmers
thanks for the news keep it up
modi india.shameless , and he is still proud of removing 370.even british rule was better than this .
the government should not force it's opinion .
in most corrupted , polluted infected communal anti farmer country in the world , god jesus died 4 ur sins n arose frm tomb on the 3rd day , trust him u r sure in heaven . c easter in google
modi chore . basted . we will see congress will come
horrible and brutal face of the govt . modi is uneducated and he has destructed the whole country . my heart bleeds that punjabi cannot go to their own capital . this is not democracy .
i respect farmers more than soldiers . we may need some soldiers sometimes but we need farmers all the times
0:40 she is hot girl and sexygirl .
brave farmers bring down bjp goverment . great farmers
modi government is very cruel
this is a conspiracy by pakistan .. isi is infiltrating delhi as farmers ... undress them and check each farmer , .
i hate nda and bjp governments because there is no good law and no support for farmers especially hathras rape case i'm from south india last elections no bjp in south because we hate bjp our local governments doing good im south india every state has metro station and port and stadiums and airports and it companies and software and techno parks this all are because of local governments in south india bjp was worst
right to peaceful protest denied . modi hai to hi mumkeen hai mera desh mahaan
absolutely right sir . salute .
wheres modi government
probably only 10 % are farmers rest are paid by communists . this happened because congress lost the election
shame on india media reports shame shame . they are all losers media reports india shame shame
shame shame on india governments shame shame
shame shame modi shame bjp shame shame rss shame shame congress shame shame haryana government shame shame on you guys . all the world is watching this .
godbless all india farmers . stand up together now please please
does anyone in this comment ever read the new law ? whats the problem in new law ?
thebillspropose to create a system in which thefarmersand traderscansell their purchase outside the mandis . further it also encourage intra-state trade and this proposes to reduce the cost of transportation . ... it also providesbenefitsfor the small and marginalfarmerswith less than five hectares of land .
modi's dictatorship is visible now , if you question the government you will be treated like that
farmers are not muslims who can be prosecuted arrested killed . they will fight and win
shame on police .
such idiotic reporting
guys , do you remember kashmir , that existed struggling for their rights , now strapped where you don't have right to protest , you see water i have seen pellets bullets oil then fire etc . then arrests then torture then psa for years then etc etc . india has learned a lot how to colonize
where is the supreme court of world's largest democracy ? why they are not taking any suo moto notice against the government ? who has given them the authority to block the highways ?
the general idea for people who dont know why this is happening ! ! ! the thing is these 3 bills are loophole for eachother . indirectly gonna make farmers servants in their own farms . ! ! bill no . 1 - says any one can store any amount of ration .. for example someone having huge warehouse can store anything for example they stored onions and can potray that there no onion in market . thus after that selling it at higher price later . for example , around 2-3 years , potates were almost sold for 1-2 ruppee for kg , now guess how much u bought it for ? these warehouse owner will make farmers wait until they crush buying price and then they will wait until they sky high the selling price ! ! this is generall explanation tho , for deep understanding read bills carefully . i dont know why common people not get this , that this will eff them too ! !
this is the real face of covid 19 plandemic to crush the descent . now we can easily understand the all of a sudden increase in covid 19 cases in delhi keeping in mind of the said agitation .
beate bahner a respected german medical lawyer wrote a 19 page document that locking people in their homes is illegal , psychologically damaging , violates civil liberties and violates the infectious disease laws . so she was beaten up , taken to a mental institution and thrown her food on the ground . hurriedly markle called congress to change the infectious disease law-to lock ppl in their home , s close all small businesses and leave big buisiness open , force people to put something on their face part of their body , force psychological torture on children by masking them , and solitatry confinement .
you can't just go and make up your own rules , , hurriedly the made up some man made pandemic rule
how can they spray chemicals on people ? ? ? ! what is wrong with them ? ?
people protesting the world are with the indian people protestors ! ! ! you must protect your farms , keep your livlihood and feed the people ... and you all should read vandana shiva's book " oneness vs the 1 % "
shame on police ...
shame on the judges of the supreme court . can't they see what's going on ? ? oooh i think this might have not shown on republic channel . shame on the police who's work is to stop crime is stopping farmers and then calling it law .
himanta biswa sarma is conducting mass rallies for election in assam ( especially in btad area ) violating covid - 19 rules . there is no law if bjp does rallies but for regional parties u can guess it there is the so called covid - 19
they are farmer's not enemies
dear fascists , this is not that easy as ' love jihad ' to get away . this will test waters . there's no ' hindutva ' card you can play and get away with . this law is going to cost the party a lot .
this is not just mistake of government . mistake of farmers is that they don't learn new methods and market and just want everything from government and don't want to user their own brain to learn new things in farming , most of them are uneducated and never learn anything . on the other side government mistake is that they didn't asked for opinions of farmers and pass this bill on their own . no government can help farmers other than education whether it is modi govt . or any other upcoming govt . this is same . don " t blame govt of everything . i see attitude of punjab is so much relying on govt .
these bills were supposed to be for the happiness and well being of the farmers if they are not happy who the hell is modi trying to appease ? ? end this bullshit let india show its democracy let the farmers vote on it .
no food equal to no life
jai kisanbeware of police dressed sanghis as we witnessed them during anti caa-nrc agitation . beware beware . long live farmers unity .
well said , if it is modi or shah there won't be pandemic . if it is public then it is . arrogant bjp
shame on you bjp . farmers came to haryana was a democratic protest and not for violence but u all are forcing them to create violence . you dont know the power of farmers . n we all are with them you cannot destroy them to built up those ambanis who are already rich .
dictatorship shown by bjp ruled states , digging well built roads to setup barricades using stones , dirt and vehicles , what a shameful act by modi govt .
do they have social distancing inside that bus ... since the govt . claim that social distancing is nedded
remember farmers are the one's who feed our country
our godi media is busy in beautifying fekuji speech
dont see rahul with them
why are the borders being sealed ? if the government can pass a law , atleast let those that are most impacted protest ! you can't have your way in all situations ! !
supportfarmers ! ! ! modi horrible leadership
domestic terrorists
modi govt . is doing a great job here , i must applaud them for defending our country from farmers , corruption , black money loot , note banddi , gst , caa , removal of article 360 , 370 , farm bill , education bill , lockdowns , gdp at - 40 , covid 19 propogand , poll rigging in bihar , continuous effort to destabilise governments in non bjp states , love jihad act , arnab goswami , kangana ranaut , selling government institutions to corporations , bill gates vaccine agenda , rt-pcr tests , house arrests , social distancing , masks , curb on travel , stealing democratic rights of the citizens , deshdrohi independent journalists , no corona and nda act during political rallies , during elections , during celebration of various bjp anniversaries , and no corona for upcoming kumbh mela in haridwar . no school , no jobs , no work , no plan to restart economy , offering loans as stimulus when economy is way below minus , aatma nirbhar bharat is ruled by corporations and amazon , walmart , reliance . 5g roll out , sky rocketing prices of basic amenities like food , fuel , and power , regular tax collection , and using law enforcement bodies to protect personal agenda . we must love and appreciate such a pristine and pure government , who got is in these very achhay din , else we would have been in shambles without them . our citizens vote everytime for all these great opportunities provided by the bjp . a super government who controls mass media , judicial system , defence and various other outfits to serve us the best way possible . more than 1cr is spent everyday for the well being of our hard working pradhan sewak . and more that 107cr are spent in the year 2019-2020 alone on advertising bjp in the country . kya mil sakti hai apko aisi sarkar dubara ? charan dho kar peejiye inke , aap sab swarg ko prapt honay waalay hai jaldi . namaskar
no bjp leader making any statement , very clever pr policy
shall we declare them anti national or put them away under uapa ?
there are farmers who are old age ths is not the way to throw water on them
there is no doubt that farmers are fighting for entire country as they always serve food for mother india .
that random person who liked my comments may you and your parents live more than 100 years , ,
in such difficult period when the country is facing such a pandemic ... these kind of things just add to the problems ...
i think farmer deserve the best treatment ... not like this treatment ... i think next time all the farmers should bring all the cattles with them cuz no citizen are determined to support .. supporting farmer is supporting urself .
use this same force to vacate china from ladak
bjp gang will called them anti national and chargesheet will prepared under upa this is the only bitter truth remain in india no democratic right no freedom ony modi ka gunda raj
this government is anti farmer anti poor
mightier than nihar
farmers or polticians ?
anything americans can do to support the farmers ?
so many middlemen . india must pass these reforms or else the middlemen will win .
please someone explain why are they protesting if pvt mandis are already successful in maharashtra ? ?
i support farmers khalistan ki maa la bhosda
deaf ears of d modi govt .
how is maharashtra impacted by these laws ? sharad pawar already implemented these in 2003 . this all proves , this is politically motivated . chinese communist money or congress involved in all this .
they are not farmers ... goons paid by congress and foreign agencies ... this paid media started dancing with them .. people are watching you ...
modi did very well by allowing these so called farmers who are actually ( traders ) to protest freely so their true colour can be seen and they proved it very well .. the bill is against traders , mandis and all middle man who were buying onion at 6-7 rs from farmers and selling at 70-80 rs to consumers .
how did they allow a corrupt person like sharad pawar to address them ? did you know how many farmers committed suicide on his watch in the past ?
v must we want to do like this ways to show to bjp
khalistani people have infiltrated the protests .
honable chief minister of tamilnadu to see this farmers law protest please farmers are back bone of indian economic development
globalists want agenda 2030 , people be damned . " all i want to say is they don't really care about us . " michael jackson
hello india to back days indian farmers narrative 63 days people life tamil nadu dmk back days indian stop 26 01 2021 ? ? ?
ndtv proud of u . u r only true media
based on what logic , facts and in favour of whom is this new genocide plan made ? anyone with basic general knowledge knows what happened in mexico after they implemented something like this and millions died out of starvation or fled as illegal immigrants , aka slaves , to the usa due to hunger . this is what happens if power and money hungry politicians , without basic education is elected , people die of real hunger . vote curruption out !
none really cares what the bill actually holds or what farmers actually want . all are just trying to manipulate the current government scenario in the country and running for pm chair .
such a fake protesters have no idea why they dont want the bill . just want to grab attention of public and spread communist propaganda
kasia samya a gya ha aaj vho log ( anti national gov ) republic mana rahi hai jise desh ki koi fikra nhai hai ( na hi ekta ki ) aur bechare farmers protest kar rahe hai strive ful day for farmers ( ye desh ka accha sochne wale hai ) inki pas jigra ha , farmers chor nhi
all over in india public is shouting on this government so how is he electing ?
never voting for congress party in my life . jai bhaarat , jai modi . these congress traitors have held down our nation long enough with fake protests and scams , allowing naxal , maoist and communist movements to flourish . now they are jealous of vaccination program , so need to find a reason to start fake protests to discredit current government , this is all these fake protests are about , nothing more - an excuse to riot and spread chaos . feel sorry for few guiliable idiots going to protest thinking they are protesting for a noble cause when all they are protesting is for ignorance , backwardness , stalling development and halting important reforms that will advance our nation .
i never got chills after seeing a crowd ! !
video is for those who think only punjab farmers have problems with farm laws
godi media will not show this
full support for farmers protest sincerely salute their focus and determination . fake bjp govt should be ashamed of their lies and evil biased reforms . repeal the disputed farm bills and atleast show some remorse . it's really sad and real shame for the patriotic indians to protest for their rights on our republic day . this govt is not for the people of this nation . they are meek and care only for the power hungry money minded business mafia owners . they have no respect for farmers who feed the nation nor to the patriots who give their life for the nation at the borders
comrades bhagat singh lal salam
* india of indians will be back soon corporates and terrorrists india will die * * jai kisan *
wow go guys ... god is with u .
lol maharashtra sonia sena at work 4 states are protesting rest agree amendments
this is how communism differentiate with all other parties they're unlike other political party they're work for workers and farmers etc , but the other political parties are work for power , they'll do anything for to get the power
all maharashtra is with kisan bt other media do not showing this
shame on bjp
the problems that the farmers are facing wont be limited to the farmers alone , they will next show up in the general society as well . the current government has succeeded in placing the future of the next generation of children of this country into deep slavery by promoting endless privatization , transferring wealth to the riches , performing changes in rules that were protecting the democracy so far . modi and shaw either do not understand or are deliberately helping the traders and the corporate owners by privatizing everything . in a corrupt environment , punjipatees will become infinitely rich after eliminating the small professions / professionals the corruption , greed and fear in the system will help in exploiting the corporate employees and workers to no limits . they will use greed / fear , reward / punishment tactics in hiring / firing and controlling salaries of their employees . they will exploit the self desire for existence to the extent that a phd scientist may be forced to work as a clark and a janitor may be hired as his boss . people will destroy each other while fighting for their existence in order to make their monthly payments for medical , vehicle , home and retirement insurances , house tax , state tax , federal tax , house mortgage , vehicle payment and on top of that the fear of losing job , breaking marriage not being able to pay for their children education will remain every second they live a life of slavery . that is the future in a corrupt system where politicians will have to beg the corporate owners for their existence and the corporate owners will keep on doubling their wealth every year regardless of what happens . this is the extreme picture when corruption , fear and greed exists in the society to extreme limits destroying the freedom and democracy of the country . wake up rashterwadio it is already too late drop your religious differences and save your childrens future . it's in your hands today and farmers are showing you by protesting and fighting for their future existence ! !
when something happens in america , modi is always on time to tweet some bullshit . but now that 70 people died in india , he hasn't said a word about it
end nearing to the bjp government in the state
why only in opposition ruled states formers are against the farm laws . are these governments are conspiring to project modi in bad light are trying to force him to resign .. the more these crooks oppose modi the leads , there is chance for them to win in 2024
zee bjp news will be like we saw photos of guns on bikes and tractors , wait we are getting reports there were anti indian slogans . who is funding these people ! are these mumbai farmers mislead by naxalites ?
fight for freedom from corrupts and opportunist .
herein bangalore karnataka bjp is desided not to allow farmers to city ndtv kindly cover
thank you ndtv for having the guts to show reality ... godi media will never cover this , hope to hear more about this on your channel . ... boycott godi media ---> rich and famous professional gang of crooks / liars in suits , discrediting indian citizens and suppressing the voice of the ordinary indians . kisan / majdoor / democratic bharat zindabad !
pawar to join ... joke of the century
this is just anarchy we must put a stop to this
this is love
" " any school and college students here " "
140 cr vs impact since 3 months = estimated term of 9 months = huge monitory ( no suicides so far ) so affluent brokers
bjp govt validity seems to be expired soon as the entire nation is fed up with their silly gimmicks , modi should be thrown out as soon as possible , worst pm india has ever produced nothing sort of his reform that he brought since he came to power were working be it demonetisation , gst , black money recovery nothing happening . petrol prices are skyrocketing inflation at the highest level till india got its independence .
communist at their work
bjp has ruined indian democracy . shame on them . we are with our kisan brother .
india can be in serious danger . 2 front wars against pakistan and china can occur anytime , northwest can be attacked by bangladesh at any time , while punjab ( khalistan ) and parts of south india may ask to be separated at any time .
cpi ml
let farmers decide on their own lives , outsiders are too good to get involved in .
c . m . uddhav will give justice
now godi media will say these are terrorists or khalistanis lol
please ban ndtv
and india awakes ... ! farmers ' movement across india will bring bigger changes now . it is time for everyone who isn't a farmer to do their fair share .
we support our beloved farmers
bjp propaganda : " kangana's office , ssr death , and hindu khatre may hay ( during election ) " i mean bjp really doesn't deserve my next vote .
watching to get goosebumps again we are ready for sansad now
in most corrupted , polluted infected communal anti farmer country in the world , god jesus died 4 ur sins n arose frm tomb on the 3rd day , trust him u r sure in heaven . c easter in google .
love from bangladesh to farmers .
they should throw stones and break the neck of water cannon so that they cant aim ... tip from kerala ..
red salute to the comrades on farmers march ...
stand saport to farmers we can't live without farmers
it is important that the south of vindhyas is informed about the details of the farm bills and how they are going to harm the farmers ' interests . while the country is vast , it is necessary that the sizeable southern part is not left uninformed . there seems to be little awareness in the states of ap , karnataka and tamilnadu or even in kerala . in telangana , cm kcr is repeatedly announcing that his government wont implement the new farm bills as they go to harm the interests of farmers . excepting this , there is little commotion in southern states . generating opinion in southern states will be an important element for the success of farmers . country shall speak with one voice . or else there will be doubts about the reasons and motives of the movement .
i love all farmers they want their rights shame on goddi government
if kashmir will protest what kind of s halls will be used how many casualties would have been their
modi should interfere immediately . throwing cold water on humans in a cold weather amounts to torture . he cannot blame congress anymore . farmers genuinely believe that their survival is threatened .
who has bjp not angered oh yes ambani and adani
chor looteri scamgress paying to loot in the name of farmers
these laws aren't going to be repealed , sit wherever you want .
delhi has been sealed off to congress middle men
it was caa , cab , nrc protests last year around this time and today farmers protests . something bad is going to happen or come to our nation in coming days again . this government needs only public unrest . shame shame shame .
very nice slap to feku govt
maybe this channel viewers all mulle
these are lions of punjab my full support to them , keep going .
i am with farmers .
these police are the sons of farmer . so before firing to farmers they must think where do they belong
bhakts are busy in love jihad
we need support from all states and stand beside these farmers in solidarity .
the voices of farmers will not be suppressed
why the indian police force use water cannon and tear gas on peaceful protests ? the farmers dont have weapons ... this is so brutal ...
reason for protest ?
the bjp is working to sell , lease , auction and handover public infrastructure to private and corporate supply chain . like sarkari schools , the dark laws will destroy farming as it has done to education , healthcare and employment dedicated to the poor !
from 2morr they will be protest in goa bz government wants use goa as a coal hurb plz i hope ndtv highlights this issue on international level . v don't want coal in goa . goa is a tourism state
modi is a pim * of corporate money-lenders !
full support with lots prayers kisan virodhi sarkar murdabad
this protest should be done everyday . let's see what the government do .
tikait is a fraud , his children are well setteled in foreign , he is spending his days in five stars and the poor gullible farmers are sitting on the roads ...
indian government must listen to farmers and ensure justice . what's going on is surely against democracy .
kick out fake farmers ...
prime minister of north india - narender pegasus modi
kisaan emotional is very high like it called rastvaad
we r with the farmers .
india is not a criminal to follow the steps of criminal and looters . india wants justice for indians and thier unity in diversity
tikait is a fraud . he stays at 5 star and taking ride on innocent farmers .
armed forces against the farmers ! ! ... only this was left to embarrass me with .. across globe ! !
every one new the result ( it was only to waste kisans time )
aljazeera news has mastered the art of spreading lies and hatred
coward police of modi the murderer .. shame on them for attacking the elders
state government ( punjab congress ) have take tax in agriculture collect from punjab dhaan mandi . because of new rules and law former can sell his foods to any market . that's all so state government losse tax collection fund . it's not modi government fault . it's totally by congress and by outsource country like china they funded to it . such a change into protest and make image in political issue . nothing related from farmers issue . ( maharashtra and other state already run this new law . they have no problem with this new law because already law applied
state government ( punjab congress ) have take tax in agriculture collect from punjab dhaan mandi . because of new rules and law former can sell his foods to any market . that's all so state government losse tax collection fund . it's not modi government fault . it's totally by congress and by outsource country like china they funded to it . such a change into protest and make image in political issue . nothing related from farmers issue . ( maharashtra and other state already run this new law . they have no problem with this new law because already law applied )
i want to convey this message by way of your channel that farmer never demanded this contentious bills .. even then the demanded legal guarantee price on the agriculture of the field secondly now the situation of the india is this we can never trust on our prime minister because it totally corrupted election ccommissio , national investigation agencies and all other agencies which directly control under the indian government . ... our the people of india never seen the most corrupted pm across the world .. i reckon that the day is not far away when again india would under the control of external aggression just because of our prime minister policies and norms
protect farmers right ! always make it better not worse . no trust companys !
india has 29 states .. among them only 3 states are opposing this bill . but media is portraying this as entire india is opposing and protesting against the bill .
modi is racist real news thanks
we need you world channel support for farmers support ... india has paid channel which is not support to farmer and showing fake news
india in deep trouble , human rights are being violated * farmers are unhappy *
indian government going too far absolutely that's human rights violation
police has allowed them to protest i thought that they had right to protest
rss demand withdrawal of 2 bills and continution of msp
story of indian chronicles ani , rebublic dna , the economic times all knew about srivastava group .. they are accused of it but not giving clarification or boradcasting or publishing the this news on their own media platforms . they used to take stories from eu chronicles but wont take this story and put it on thier platform . let indians know what fake lies they have been fed about pakistanis 10dead ngos and 1dead person was resurrected and with 750 + fake media and 1000s fake stories till now just to undermine pakistan
all indians should support the india farmers nd boycott modi media aaj tak nd zee news thx al jazeera for supporting indian farmers
modi not take back law ... because have pre paid for it
forceman also child of farmer
hindustan means : india for hindus only ... khalistan means : indian sikh punjabi and pakistani punjabi is one is king ham apne sikh brothers and sisters ke sath hn
modi thinks a country will progress without farmers .. if farmers stop cultivating for a season the whole country will witness famine and lead to worst recession .
modi was tea seller he dont know what is farmers issues .
change always come with some resistance .
thanks al jazeera for covering this our own main stream media is siding govt . thank you .
wake up sheikh brother and fight for your right
ban evm save domocrocy save india bring back ballot pepar
please ban india media ... that is not real
i'm glad to buy produce from you but modi won't agree
ambani is govt of india . adani is pm of india modi is puppet of corporat .
the world is watching you prime minister narendra modi
shame on the indian uneducated government shame on bjp . what do think a " tea seller " and a " terrorist government " could rule a country ? ? they are all jokers , only there to make rich people richer and poor people poorer . modi government is trying to implement dictatorship through pandemic act . and by attacking farmers with teargas and water cannons in such cold weather . protesting is a basic right in a democracy .
modi government is trying to implement dictatorship through pandemic act . and by attacking farmers with teargas and water cannons in such cold weather .. protesting is a basic right in a democracy
we use right to self determination in referendum 15 aug 2021
we want freedom from india
khalistan sponsored funds from canada and australia used to brainwash good people
no farmers no food
support indian farmers
are there any handsome guys ?
funny can never see such news on indian news network even thou its their own country .
0:25 that's bad
we support farmers
vary nyc news thanks farmers spot
shame on indian government
welcome to banana republic of india
thnks
thanks al jazeera for covering this ... our own main stream media is siding govt
it's tyrant government who is not allowing farmers to reach national capital delhi and farmers are waiting way long for the government's permission to go ' ramlila maidan ' and ' jantar mantar ' , the designated place for the peaceful protest ! !
indian 99 % media former news not prosar and tray to fail former protest vary bad
those are canadian farmers .
thxxx for supporting farmers our indian media don't coverage this event if they coverage this movement taking to negative side plss supporting us al jazeera tv thxx for support
shame on indian government
thnk u for showing this love from panjab
neighbours - time to unit and fight the real culprit ( govt ) . i hope everyone is safe
indian govt is so insensible towards farmers of our country .
modi is the worst president india ever had.that government is disgusting
india media is paid media , and not cover real situation
shamful act
proud to be punjabi-proud to be kissanthanks al jazeera newsour 99 % indian national media paid media godi mediaonce again thanks al jazeera channel
thanks al jazeera channel . your cover by this news . former zindabad
farmers were not violating the rules . the government deployed police and uleashed violence on the peaceful march of farmers in order to prevent them from entering the capital .
the govt's thinks that the policies will benefit farmers but in reality ... it won't . by the way , you have issues with the govt .. disturbing the whole city isn't good . these type of protests affects the daily life of the locals .
government can start a dialogue with the farmers and find out a solution .
thanks news channel
bark hard as you want ... you must know that it will end like other protests ... nothing will change ...
famers protest surpress by godi media thx al jazeera for reporting
how is this anti-farmer ? the minimum price is not going to be removed , it actually gives farmers more opportunities , they can grow crops by negotiating and taking contracts and have a stable income . it reduces the corruption by middle men at these fixed market places , so much food gets wasted in india , isn't it better to have some reforms ?
waiting for for someone to say why did al jazeera not say anything on something done by muslim
just enriching the 1 % that controls half the indian economy . this is the biggest wealth consolidation india has ever seen . using political plots bjp politicians have engaged in large scale corruption . the same ppl that call arvind kejriwal a terrorist because he is against that corruption .
new dictator
mobi is new king of india
billion of indian people living life with poverty but idiot modi wanna be super power
shame to modi
chinese farmers earn more money than indian farmers and get more government subsidies . the indian government should learn from china
don't mess with the farmers , there are a lot of people to feed in india .
the soul of our nation is in the fields of farmers . jai javan jai kisan . we are on the side of farmers
correction : the news clipping used at 2:26 is wrong , its an old one . however the information is correct and is sourced from following article . apologies for the editing mistake . <url> 1:50 the current protests 3:57 role of indian media 5:56 social media propaganda 9:39 latest updates 10:38 demand of farmers
feeling so proud dhruv sir , people like you exist , make people aware about truth , keep the good working going
after this info who votes bjp ? ? ? don't vote bjp if any wants to save our country
why isn't anyone talking about this issue anymore ?
i don't know how we thank u
indian fake media nd government ... such lier government
thanks jatta u really helped to raise voice of farmers .
so , why hail khalistani flag on red fort ? ?
finally , someone with racial thinking made a video for farmers !
for me dhruv rathi proved to be a hypocrite when he didn't post a single video about bengal violence.where were you when there was a massacre in bengal with people .
then why pannun claims that he is funding for the protest rathee either you are lying or you are not informed property or you have been given some agenda why are spreading lies to instigate farmers against the government what are you up to ?
promoted and funded by pannun .. why dont you highlight that how he is demanding farmers to separate punjab under the pretext of protest who are you making fool media can lie then mr what is the authenticity of your videos . please show both sides of the coin . we all know how indias unity is under threat because of this protest but keep making such idiotic videos to pump the protest
love from haryana
respect brother
actually the india hindos just use the sikh peoples that's why i was love pakistan i am punjabi from india in the new world india has basic division for sikh temple
shame on bjp government
well explained
no farmer no food
fake news spreader dhruv bhai
i bet that the dislikers are modibhaqts , chutiyas , and some are under bjp funding
you are the best bro
the bill only distroy some groups of monopoly .. who occupy apmc and msp formula ...
we want open market for all not only for your apmc agents and some kind of group which is present only in punjab and haryana ..
why msp and apmc benefits for punjab and some haryanas farmer ...
i am a farmer and i support gov ... who are you bro broker ...
shameful to you
modi should really withdraw the farm laws ...
your approach to dismantling the false claims and revealing the truth is amazing ! ! it is the need of the time ! ! heads off to you - bharat ka pota ! !
love and respect from punjab
bro u should enter politics
salute dhruv .. you are so daring and courageous . a real deshbakth .
you are booking the ticket of hell
how many of you are here after peaceful farmers vandalized the red fort ?
bhai app honest insan ho god bless uh good work no farmers no food
they're antisocial elements disguised as farmers
this video is 6 months old but still in these 6 months nothing got better ..
death of democracy
love from kissans more called by media ( khalistanis )
pray for us
we are farmers
im crying
in this farmer producer canadian was called but in his own country the same rules and regulations are followed but why he is not protesting in his own country canada
opposition is protesting great , but these are funded by uk , usa so that indian gov would follow their order and become dependent on them , plz make a video highlighting uk , usa playing with internal matter of india so that india never grow up and india will have weak and unstable gov , these usa human rights show horrible index coz , modi is strong leader , indra grandhi was also strong leader so nehru was , but to defame india , kashmir issue pop , that time , at time of indra gandhi , khalistan movement pop
farmers are not khalistani
farmers we are with you
good job brother
dhruv rathee your videos are good . but one thing i want to add that there are sub categories of sikhs in punjab . among them people belonging to jat community , they are actually khalistani supporters . and most of the sikhs reached at delhi are from this community . app agr 2-4 se bhi personally puchoge ki khalistan bn'na chahiye , they will 100 % say ' han bilkul ' . aur public mei puchoge to bolenge aap log hmare protest ko deliberately khalistani agenda se jorh rhe ho . this is truth . ab to rape tk bhi ho gya ussi jgah pe jahan ye langar lgate the aur kirtan krte the .
police waley agar kisan ke bethey hotey toh yeh sarkar muh toor deti
farmer quation is currect
the death / harassment of farmers & workers due to protesting against agro black laws and the behavior of nda rulers towards the people of its own country should also be condemned strongly by raising demand for dismissal of nda sarkar .
we already seen many dangerous disease caused by virus and bacterias , many had dies since 1970- 1990 - 2000 , ... example : calra , denggu , polio and many more ... those were more dangerous than covid 19 ... but the world had no caution and no stupidest restrictions like wearing mask because that era unlike present day which with advance digital technologies like smartphone , qr code , wifi , internet , facebook , android apps , whatsapp , telegram and etc .. today we are with enough of these technologies to control each individual in the name of saving people's life ... what they have done is simply against human rights ... they created corona propaganda for this .. either corona exist or not , this is just a mass political fraudulence for their more execution power ...
kashmiries plz dont ask sympathy from india , , rss india killing their sikhs as well
police officer na bhot acha faisela kiea ha from pakistan
1st sushant then farmer law
the second office had good eq and the first one lacked both iq and eq ganwaro ki tarah bol rha tha pehle wala
lol the thumbnail is now irony we haven't come to fight lol though i support as most of them were peacefully protesting in tractor rally
salute of you . he said give 2 options about of 101 solutions . covid for us not for you hahaha you beauty
northeast india support you farmars
sab netha kisan ki roti khate hai .. ulta unke ooper law lathe hai
i know it's very hard to farm like in this time but you are throwing india flag like this shame on you punjabi
my biggest mistake in life is voting bjp and this modi came to power daily i pray to god when this modi , amith shah will go from power or from world
how dare anyone misbehaves with farmers . it is because of them we eat food . shame on everyone
covid release is an attempt to control the free peoples of the world including these farmers , pray they the farmers prevail . governments are using covid to subjugate the masses .
tamilians are with punjabis , tn has done protests but they house arrested by puppet modi gov in tn aswell rest of states
bravo people of india you need to win this struggle , good luck ! ! ! greetings from canada !
these farmers are inocent people . modi is a corupt person .
police galat kr rahi he bt unki b duty he allah raham kare sb panjabion pe lot of love from lahore pakistan
shame india
nd tv neutral i m from pakistan
salute to all the farmers love from kerala
indian police and army following the instructions from bjp & rss terrorists ... shame on so called democracy
power of unity
full support from kerala
i'm afghan and i love india very much because they always help us . and we would never want badly for our brothers . remember at ! " ahamd shah abdali " exactly these sik have protected your wives and daughter . support them ! ! ! be all like siblings to each other , it is muslim , hindu or sik . long story short , sik / farmmer are the biggest strength of india . i wish you all the best , my brothers . jai hind jai afghanistan
r bharat is so stupid ... they r swinging their mic like they have consumed substance
for all i've seen till now in my life ... police is not for the people but against the people and for the government
covid fake covid fake covid fake covid fake
very good question aap ke liye covid nahi hai
it's very wrong indian government policy mudhi it's criminal .. i sport sikh
police is not for public.they are for protection of chor netas
covid is an excuse
the sikh community are being unfairly targetted . their sacrifices in the indian army have been conveniently ignored .
bjp forces , not govt force
i just want to slap the first cop .
police man trying to be very over smart
stand with farmers . who feed the nation . long live farmers unity . bjp hatawo desh bachao
abhay modi ke paltu kuttay . election time main covid 19 . chhutti per hai kya ? ? ?
1st officer was a dm or sdm i think , and the 2 nd one was a police officer , , , did u see the difference . police personnels are for the safety of people and they are doing well but district administration is exactly behaving as a government's representative .
4-5 more journalists like him and india will be free from this fascist regime
only place where the truth is being shown god bless the whole team
samdish ,
samdish
farmers are the real hero of our india we are with you dear farmers ye modi ko hatao nahi to fir humare desh ke farmers ko maut ghat utar degi . and hamare farmers hume khana dete hain modi nahi deta modi to jantaon ki khata hai or adani ambani k liye kaam karta hai . kisan ekta zindabad love from assam
thanks for the beautiful video . make more videos from the protest
thank u so much for famer protest coverage
where is modi ? ? did he see diz ? ? these r not khalistan , congresss man these r our countrys real farmer .. i m bjp voter bt i saw the pain of farmer to mah country i really thought can i mistake to give the vote bjp ? plzzz modi ji ek bar delhi border jake dekh lo seen #sw #farmerwin #ekbardekhlo #painofmycontryfarmer
excellent work . watching third time . keep it up
don't worry bro keep doing the good work ... we'll keep supporting
bhai influencer ho to esa ho great job you are doing
samdish the best
<user> , your boss is right . i just subscribed .
kuj chutie inko terrorists ... khalistani bolte ha agar ye ese hote to 500 shahid nhi hote 500 chutio ( andhbkto ) ki gand faad kr mrte
more videos on kisan andolan samdish bhai
farmers are struggling against these black laws . government should repeal these laws . kisaan ekta jindaabaad
me and my other friends are doing study in overseas and stuck here because of covid otherwise we would have joined them too . #farmersprotest . we are well aware of these laws and know how they gonna impact or lands please do support if you are a good human being thank you
#farmersprotest still going on.please support
i am now realising that i was very insesisitive to the farmers , i have changed and i am happy about it . great job scoopwhoop
kisi se bhi baat kr lo saare ke saare well informed hai and clear hai , how they are terrorist . mujhe toh ye most intelligent , hard working and vocal community lgti h
i'm in a pain after watching this video because i'm some months ahead and no one is listening to the farmers
humbleness punjabis are the same
we should have seen corona coming . what a big blunder !
just look at this 4:52 yrrr yeh terrorist hai ?
just my suggestion : center should let states choose if they want to implement these or not . if these are such great laws , states which are initially hesitant will start implementing by seeing success stories .
if people of india still think modi is good for the country then no one can do anything . he is same as gandi family . so be wise and vote wisely . i hope this farmers protest will teach us a lot that always stand for your rights .
thankfully for visiting farmers protest gbu
bhai you are really rocking
samdish , why didn't you ask any of the farmers about masks ? we're you afraid ?
#supportourfarmers #jaikissan
save farmers save india fuchure
i hope to look forward scoopwhoop becoming a big news channel . this is one true indian news channel .
who else agree that samdish should be there in big news channels
farmers = god
yar i really want to work with you for free of cost
why havent you covered 100th day ?
samdish you are doing a great job . please create more content like this when they are not stopping i think we should not stop supporting them and also you .
simple thing if watching this video people unlike this then there is no humanity left .
23:00 was a little bit emotional
chal be chutiye
i'm in love with you guys ... great work
humko chahiye sponsorers
i really wanna see camera person surbhi
awe fucking some ...
man that was beautiful ... the world should learn how to protest from these farmers ... these guys have got each other's back and everybody is trying to contribute according to their means and skills ... shame on the govt . and the mainstream media for their attitude towards these peaceful farmer protesters ... these people are so relatable that i felt like i was watching my own mother , father ... love their never say die attitude damn good journalism
it would be nice to see the role and thoughts of teenagers , the more younger contributors in this protest .
this is true journalism . samdish mingles with them very well and shows things as they are . truly grateful to be able to witness this . this is the kind of content that media should be striving for .
peaceful protest my footjo baithe h vo kisan nhi h ... ye scoop vale bs yehi dekha skte h ...
small kisans and mazdur shell get now ab 2021 - 2030 at least 50 lakhs every family . no land owner should posses more than 5 hackter land / each family . a new jung practising former in the beginning shell be helped from government for his beginning with 5 heckter free without any rent to start his life as kisan , 5 hecter will be transferd on his name after 10 years of his profession . his medical necesities schools and college studies for his children should be free for his own children . primary schools should be in a village . all mines , minerals , petrolium , railways , roads transport , harbours , post , millatrery hospitals schools etc . should be goverment managed . employment only under government , pention , finances . no politician should possese than 4 hecters of land , if he does not work as kissan . this kisans , mazdurs union with todays andolone can achieve . please let us try . all religions are equal , thiese should be treated as private and personal liking .
great work
please go and interview the farmers who were released from prison
india needs an update at 3 months of the protest .
full support for the farmers .
farmers will be remembered in fighting this hitler of india ...
bjp hatao desh bachao , they are destroying india .
we the red forces * lakhs and lakhs of red salutes to kisaan wariors * let all our valuable farmers srugles got sucess * greetings *
beware of kaliya and toikla
whete is anarchist kejriwal
the anarchist kejriwal should be there to encourage them to create anarchy
yogi , khatter go back " matth " .
salute to kissan warriors who are struggling at delhi border for survival of 70 % population of our country linked with agriculture . and salute for creating world history in agriculture sector .
- ? the stand of sardar gurnam singh chaduni is commendable that is , the whole present political system ( including comrades too ) of our democratic & secular country may be said responsible for harassing the kissans . so that a new party namely all india kissan-mazdoor party should be made by agriculture people for flushing out corporated based politicians by democratic votes .
ias . ? ?
violence is not good
why they are breaking laws
punjab haryana u guys use more chemicals u guys don't care after crop came home u guys burn fields make pollution how much gov do if some 1 give min price who pay a high price and gov buy put in fci eat rats lose money its all nonsense whole farmer population mot even 10 % have a problem u people are hard-headed funded by some forces i am farmer son too its nonsence a farmer never do this kind of expensive darna u ediots killed great people
farmers who earn more than 50 lakhs per annum must be taxed . then we will know how these so cslled poor farmers are earning by being dalals and how they cheat real poor farmers .
can we just confiscate their lands .
no burden to the exchequer by up dating m . s . p . of paddy . request you please update m . s . p of paddyrs . 3002 / quintalimmediately . agriculture is a state subject . hence punjab government has passed laws for the benefit for the welfare of farmers . sri naveen patnaik demanded m . s . p of paddy rs . 2930 . / quintal in 2019 , our government did not allow . , the now punjab government demanded m . s . p rs . 3002 / quintalon may 9 , 2020 , which is a scientific value should be implementedbecause no burden to the exchequer by up dating m . s . p . of paddy for the following reason . attachments area preview youtube video punjab govt . demands rs . 2902 msp for paddy ( 2902 ) punjab govt . demands rs . 2902 msp for paddy ( 2902 ) preview youtube video odisha cm demands increase in msp for paddy
real news ... why .. herresment of innocent farmers in .. indian ..
support farmers of india ... please ... active ... all ... public s ... for .. economy .. freedom of .. lifs ...
why dont you go to jalalabad where labour died . driver responsible . police responsible , orange farm owner responsible . now no body will give money to them labour no body give food to them now deljit will not give 1 crore to them
senseless of muslemen
barsher
the bane of this country is not it's illiterate population . it is the educated population whose degree is not worth the piece of paper it is written on , but it pontificates on everything under the sun . and oh , their bleeding hearts , aren't they the epitome of empathy and kindness ? ! never mind that their crocodile tears , are blurring their vision . again and again , some unruly and stubborn group of people , holds the entire nation ransom to have its way and it is applauded . selfishness in this nation , is a celebrated virtue if you belong to certain spectrums of the society which can be hijacked for political causes . all this why ? because the well meaning people would rather cling to an emotional humdrum and be conveniently lazy about reading and thinking . india bleeds with a thousand cuts , one ill-intentioned rebellion at a time . # * farmbills 2020 * # * farmerprotest *
it's worst govt modi is extremist and hindu thought in ki turn nhi ayay gy when human become insane in arrogance tu woh sab bhool jata hai ... worst situation of india in modi serkar ...
moodi is the biggest enemy of india
wasting so much water ! ! !
and they have come to destroy pakistan ! ! !
please fight for amaravathi ap capital farmers as well ap farmers support you , no one supporting ap farmers , they are protesting for 345 days . no one responded . please , help them and help each other to fight against this evils .
one cough and theyre all getting corona
seriously feeling lik taking part in the protest
bjp is only good in dividing the country with religious conflict ... they should be awarded for that h ... how dare they try to screw farmer .. the backbone of our country ...
why put water just shoot them
indian government should allow peaceful protest but and again but , if anyone of these guys turn violent , start shooting them instantly . while 99 % are peaceful protestors following rules of protest , 1 % are always asshole ! and those assholes must be shot dead regardless of any reasoning .
i support for poor farmers their strike will win
i liked this video for farmer unity
farmers seek getting good price whether via apmc or private company . we guess , it's always apmc makes 100 % profit . gov't is giving that freedom to farmers to sell where they get good price than congress law where farmers have to sell for less cost to tied apmc worker and middle man apmc makes money . how can congress at ground level fool people to protest against farmers to fight with government farmers law . will same apmc workers tomorrow ask government to remove 42 amendment preamble in the constitution which was passed 1976 without people of india decision . congress party should understand it's not british era to let farmer stay poor . government is passing this law to help farmers who are poor since independence .
everyone is standing with our hardworking farmers bt not only the modi gov't godi media's n modi bhakth ... we the son of farmers n all together made the govt n but now this govt leaders they're not making any good decisions n let all suffer her .
modi is isi agent he is destroing india
the government got good intentions . its the opposition that fan the flames !
the same as in europe ... no farmers = no food
entering delhi clean thanks to delhi police for cleaning our tractors !
i wish all my punjabi farmer brothers a grand success in their protest .
shame on modi government
it's really a strong kissan movement . it would become one of the most most remarkable event in the history of agricultural revolution . go ahead with your strong will power and might . the people from the whole nation are there behind you
lets go farmears
first time i m seeing freedom fighters live ... i salute you fighters .. keep going on .
government doing is not a water wastage . but what hindus do on holi is a water wastage .
i like the tractor
* * * * very bad to know about our indian-kisan / farmers condition * , now they have come-out from their houses and protest under the sky to get the proper facilities from the government for all of us to cultivate the food . we have taught in the colleges , our development based on green revolution after that we entered in industrial-revolution . farmers are not only back bone of developed countries , they have well known as our food-kitchens where we get day / night meals , farmers standing among us , just like at home the relationship of parents and children . the problem is our corrupt-politicians , imaging all-time five-stars-hotel-life . just use and through the food plates . how will teach them to do the justice , respect and love , how many hands are involve to bring the food in your eating plate , * where ever justice not in-action then wait for big punch from our creator in shape of many disaster to the nation * . almighty allah fulfill the needs of our kisan keeps them safe , happy and successful ameen
after seeing this video .. my eyes filled with water ... this is so deep
these are not farmers . these are congress party members from punjab . wake up media ! wake up ! when will you ask tough questions ?
loop of mouth and
stand with farmers
that's very wrong without the farmers how the whole country eat then ?
shame on modi govt .
when theyre pushing through barricades , it becomes not peaceful ... im with the farmers , however they should get punjab officials to communicate their concerns to the government
we support formers . jai jawan jai kisson .
please speak on shanta kumar report which says procurement of grains should be stopped from punjab , haryana , western up etc and should be done only in eastern states , secondly as per doha round of wto us , canada , eu etc are pushing india to restrict procurement and stocking to service pds i . e . 40 % of population whereas food security act envisages stocks for 70 % of population , thirdly what happened in bihar after private procurement was introduced and public apmc were abolished and what happened to apple growers in himachal after corporate buyers monopolised procurement , lastly pepsi has large contract farming for potato in punjab and issues and difficulties and corruption in procurement where in 10 years price has increased from 5 to 8 per kg but input costs have increased manifold during this time . just giving political twist does not help farmers cause , the public at large cannot be swayed only on political and emotional appeal , the facts and issues and reasoning behind agitation has to be brought forward , if people know details on what is at stakes and what farmer stand to lose by these 3 laws ...
modi rss bjp , it is the time for them to pss off !
these guys are only bjp oppositions and politically protesting.just chance pe dance .
bad government
repeal the three black laws & legal guarantee on minimum support prices ( msp ) of crops kisan ekta zindabad
sardaro ki maa ki jai ho rhi h 6 months se desh me , haramkhor tikait inki ijjat mitti me milayega
they only gave the go ahead becausethey have chalaaki in mind ...
greeta toolkit proof that 26 january is a preplanned event . that is why farmer union rejected all govt proposal before 26 . shame on you .
transfer the capital of india to kolkata in order to make peace in our country . because delhi is a very uncivilised place , which has always caused political and social turmoil since the beginning of century .
modi did very well by allowing these so called farmers who are actually ( traders ) to protest freely so their true colour can be seen and they proved it very well .. the bill is against traders , mandis and all middle man who were buying onion at 6-7 rs from farmers and selling at 70-80 rs to consumers .
modi regime is worst than dictatorship . independence for punjab is the only solution
they will break because the government are not doing good , i can't undestand why the government is supporting corporates ...
why we do not need goverment ? ? ? there are not goverments in this world without goverment slave servent ( army , police , others ... ) they make human as slave for satan's money ... god give you free food , water , air but satan ban everything from god with the suport of satan's goverment system and they give you education for , work that work give you paper money , if you have money then you can buy food this is a satan's way of life please try to undestand what is life ... if you work for satan's money then can you live honestly ? ? ? god give you free air , free water , free foods then who control that ? ? ? & why they control please realize everything ... if you like to live as a fool and slave then you need work . money , politic , goverment system everything ... goverment how to control land ? ? ? land for every one , we want to live peacefuly with the god's nature life ... if you get free foods , free water , free air then you never go for slave work ... all medicines are fake all educations are only for make money not for knowledge ... please realize the life every human born in this world for live peacefuly ... human knowledge is only the experience of the past , tomorrow is only in the hands of the lord ... there is no life without realizing what life is ! worship is something without knowing who & where the lord is ! live with conscience , truth and honesty and feel the lord ... belive and realize god inside your mind then you will be understood everything !
khalistani people have infiltrated the protests .
this government has made most of the impossible ones possible .. for eg kashmir issue , ram mandir , triple talak .. had the guts to face china and pakistan .. space missions .. so this contract farmers are fake .. and greedy ..
simply biased channel promoting rss / bjp fascists agenda .
sikhs are being targeted by the bjp government for defending india against china and pakistan .
lord rama army of sikh famers are marching in delhi asking the bjp to stop supporting the muslims against hindu kashmiri pandits and sikhs who are ready to die to defend hinduism which the bjp government are destroying .
jai kissan . i stand with farmers.jai hind
show tractor rally , show tractor rally
the current mobilisation is a pointer to the strength of anti national forces , it's time nationalist forces to re organise nd re orient their strategies
tractor dhokha
india can grow exponentially if farmers got msp ...
if you protest like jallikattu ... definitely automatically justice will come ...
wrong wording has been used . idiot news writer . given permission , do u think farmers needed permission . tuhadi te modi di maa di jai
indian farmers will win .
madam , thanks to u .. ! ! i am all ways supporting our great formers ! ! ! let the * * " republic day will be the best day of formers & the real indians ! ! they feed all beings & me as well ! ! ! thanks to all indians . ! ! we will change ! ! ! all * * *
india today please change ... reporter
poor farmers should bring their audi hummer mercedes for rally . nice
dont trust this channel-it is funded from foreign country who are anti-hindustans
china funded and supported the black lives matter protests to bring down trump's administration now its pakistan behind the farmers protest in india .. its a loophole for congress to get a walkin ruling government .. so modi's government need to be very alert n smart .
punjab agitators have made tractor rally critical . - - how is this rally connected with farmers issue ? - - in what way does this rally help farmers ? - - why is this rally needed ? - - even if they get permission to do tractor rally , what will they get ? - - who is funding this agitation ? - - if farmers are funding , it means farmers are very rich . why should they be paid msp ? - - - they want to show off their power . why dint they show their power during , operation blue star , or jailian walabaugh , or anti sikh riots in delhi ? it all proves , it's not a farmers issue , it's a political issue . these agitators need to go absconding to save their face . they have exhibited their level of intellegence .
be with the farmers ... support them
true democracy support farmers
the farmers parade will be greatest in history , i am sure delhi police is capable of providing security for everyone including the farmers , thanks for central government for making this happen . jai jawan jai kissan
1 . there should be discussions on saving sikh life , the minority , 2 % of sikh people in india , who are busy feeding and looking after rest of india and in return , no acknowledgement or development of state of panjab , nor caring for its stability , no problem solving , no productive change , and no real political sense or order operating in the state of panjab for their security , well-being , projects of employment , or other means of income or resource . i let and encourage people of other states to raise their voice too , its not one man / woman war } . 2 ... discuss the growth of diversity , and give analysis , of the discipline of politics , method of politics , investigate the the gatekeepers of the political world , challenging , by using agencies from abroad . there are plenty who have links and expose bad running of the political system . get together elected representatives and make them talk ... when they get phone calls of bribes and asking them to move over to their parties , ask them put it in writing and record their conversation also as proof of evidence ... the public is the judge , judge the institution and their wisdom . bribery is nothing to laugh , but people have in the past , that's why things have got so worse now ... know this people , bribery is a felony and unlawful , report and here should be fir against these people and not against innocent farmers ... 3 ... ask why modi is bringing back master and slave culture . its old hindu system function , why modi is walking backward , it did not work then . it will not work in this contemporary , modern and educated world ! ! !
tomorrow has to be with farmers
with you from gujarat ... no more this tanashahi govt . ... will see u in 2022 gujarat elections we are welcoming aam admi party .
with you from gujarat ... no more this tanashahi govt . ... will see u in 2022 gujarat elections we are welcoming aam admi party .
bihar police constable exam march me hone wala hai or har baar ki tarah is baar bhi question leak hone wala hai ... setting abhi se start hai ... help us ... sarkar kuchh action kyon nhi leti
its your best chance delhi . students , intellectuals and every common logical person should join these proxy protests . we've brought the biggest in world . along with international media . but we are stopped at border . its you ' delhiites ' that has to work parallel to mainstream media to channel the information to the country . believe it or not , its now or never .
modi should step down ! ! !
thank you na students
thanks so much for supporting the farmers
thank you
thank you delhi people
delhi good people . modi is acting like hitler not like a prime minister . we support farmers . we support bjp.we don't support farm laws by one sided government rules .
trump and modi have same fanatics as their fanbase .
useless kids of india
more and more people should come out in support of farmers .
mujhe laga pura delhi hi racist hai ... kuch log acche bhi hai
hindu , muslim , sikh , isayi ral-mil rehte bhai bhai ... we are all brother sisters .. jai jawan jai kisan . i wish good and peace for all . jo bole so nihal sat sri akal . bharat mata ki jai
this is not the land for gujaraties . this is the land of indians , christians , muslims and the people who were kicked out from mohenjadaro , harappa and dwraka .
god bless you child your in right side . yes farmers are fighting for your future.if they fails your future will be in great distress . because they are our back bone of our nation .
brave hearts care .
praise the lord jesus christ . god bless all the farmer for all their hearts desires to be fulfilled by the power of the holy spirit . god bless all the student's
very well said dear student keep it up what they think are farmers are aliens we pray for you students you are feature leaders thankyou
death of democracy
ms kavitha krishnan , great speech , i salute you for the in born boldess in you , cricketers have lost there glory and respect by condemning farmer protest to make mody feel that what ever done by him to break the peaceful protest of farmers is correct , these students have more sence than the acters including ammithab bachan , and cricketer sachinn tendulkar , since they have lost there respect in public , hence i have not prefixed mr . before there names , i wish success for farmers protest jai hind .
we also supports farmers from ap
, ... we're supporting the farmers ... thanks
never ever elect the same person for the second term in india he / she always becomes a dictator !
it is bjp which is breeding covid & andolanjivis . these students have come to disclose it .
thank you all , i stand with farmers too - love from uk
hats off
#westandwithfarmers
really bad .. so much for democracy and equality .. the gaps just seems to be getting wider
youth are the only hope in these dark times ..
support farmers
why are you faking up narratives wire ? are you not ashamed ? see the herd following you , all sectarians . the farmers are not farmers - they are land lord casteists . the students are not normal students , but radicalized by one or another identity politics . third , the three farming laws are good for farming enterprise . what wire does beyond labelling & spinning narratives . so much of rogue radicals , misguided , hateful . they won't let this nation flourish .
we need to organise another freedom fight ?
the government that dragged so many people into the streets has not yet come and will not come again so let's all unite against this government everyone has many jobs to pull them all into this
i sincerely pray that the struggle of the farmers will be a great success and that they will reach the level they want
well come , welcome you are great
super nagale.we are very interesting of your request.what a kind children are they.we are apreciot you children
sincerely we should feel shame to select this arrogant person as a india representive very very bad
seems like the police is barricading against dinosaurs in jurassic park or zombies from world war z
live long
good luck bacho
which parties support to farmers transparently , in future my support to those parties only - jai sri ram
central government became as a remote controll in corporate people hand - jai sri ram
iam giving my full support to farmers - jai sri ram
i support farmers ! ! every sane indian citizen must stand in solidarity with our farmers ! !
thank you very much delhi people
#citizenagainstdictatorship
* the wire is the best *
well done people . bless you all who stand for farmers and humanity
we support farmers
thankyou dilhi
govt is testing the patience of commons
good support keep it up
now the educated people of india seem to understand which ignorant people they have voted for . the bjp is a herd of wolves . this is about india the sooner people understand , the better , otherwise they will regret it .
my country had made best use of corona , through ipc 144 . only to crush dissent . no other country has got this idea .
democracy on sale ... sad .. really ... god save us
i met communist during my one job 14 years back .. french teacher same cry ... i asked him why are you working in private organization .. 2 asked him to donate the excess of the salary he is earning to show the solidarity to his mind set .. but wasn't ready donate even 1 rs . but was interested that govt take all the pains .. same is question for these brainwashed students ... leave all the gadgets and services created by these private companies and provide the part of your money to these people who will loose the job
why is bjp government so very stubborn ? ? ? listen to the farmers where is your democracy your so proud of .
thanks a for our beloved students ...
why is that we bengalis and punjabis always suffer ? ? from independence to this we sacrificed most for this continent but no one takes us seriously no one cares about us ! ! we lost our families the most but always people question our patriotism whyyy no one wants to talk about indias problem if they talk about it they make us anti national in a second ! ! why china is progressing tell me because they acknowledge their faults they work for it call me whatever you want its a shame where we are now and where china is surely some of our cities are developed but we are always in war within ourself aisa he chalta raheyga to india agey kabhi nai jayega ! ! ! bas nuclear he raheyga lekin business livelihood bohot affect hoga
thank you studentsall geve suport formers jai baratha
wire employee you also go so your agenda is satisfied
read it as my fellow ...
shame on modi who is not equal to a dog , because dogs are loyal than him
as per the great reset plan , agenda 2030 indian agriculture is under threat and our govt is doing so . farmers have the right to protest . govt is not trustworthy
mother india does not want hilter laws and tyranny ...
it is not about the modhi government when he is listing and shaking hands with bill gates who wants his corporation to control the food of indian people . uh no thank you we are good !
we the majority support farmer reforms which will stop the middle men , khalistani network in canada and corrupt political parties like congress from benefitting from stealing farmer's income in mandis and give money directly to farmers . throw the rakesh dacoit into tihar jail and interrogate him and watch him cry again ( for real this time ) and confess which foreign nation is funding these fake protests . this rakesh dacoit has property worth 80 crores in 15 cities in india and has children abroad who live in america and australia who enjoy modern farm laws while he wants backward socialist and communist era laws for our country , hypocrite of the lowest form .
probably they must have got funds from donations to sikh funds coming as covid aid ! god bless india ! !
dumbo what on earth did you do to criticize the kumbh mela . just imagine your future in 2040 you'll have nothing to eat if the farmers farming decline at the current rate and if these crazy laws are passed the indian economy will collapse even earlier and also many countries which depend on our exports will starve as well . have some common sense and stop supporting fake propaganda . change the stupid title as time to help farmers to get vaccines and necessary stuff like masks etc . , educate the farmers about covid precautions and someone please tell this reporter that the number of people spreading covid by elections and kumbh mela is much much greater than this poor 15000 farmers .
please recap the footages of massive shows by modi dhadi
this rss sanghi must have told this to sanghi dhadhi modi in feb 21 before wb election
if modi really cares about people , he should take farm laws back and farmers will leave .
shah and modi can conduct election rally in bangal farmers also can conduct rally they are conduct protest for thier life why modi .. ? don't be a arnab
but for bjp rallies covid does not exist , right ? what a joke of a democracy
people who have been fighting for a cause for long time are very upset . be kind and courteous . part of government is to lead , unite and maintain peace in your country . when you have religious fanatic , ass kissing to the 1 % president leads the country , country can never be united . indian government is a joke ! ! ! i think african nations would been more prepared than these corrupted , sick , fat ass indian government administrative people ! shame on indian government !
kindly spread the covid among them and kill therm ... shoot tikait at sight first please
there is one bot nsmed balvinder jn the comments .
dumb anchor plz also show khalsa aid distribution of oxygen and why not asking about funding godi media
if begal afford bjp rallies then yes delhi can also afford
15 thousand people gathering together is as wrong as lakhs gathering for rallies and pilgrimages . but the government and media has proved that they are not capable to teach themselves and others to understand . everyone is busy comparing each other or with usa and other countries . nothing of this is going to come to conclusions .
support to farmers , boycot biased news channels
if amit shah and modi can conduct election rallies in west bengal and yogi can contact kumbh mela with lakhs of people then why can't farmers ? ? ? and why this media is not asking them
if there is oxygen in nature , it is because of nature and role played by farmers not because of politicians , ministers who involves in contract corrupt practices , deforestation etc
hoge ash channel and news
know mela - fear and apprension kithay gayee ?
kisan are right to continue where they are ! ! !
why had pm and shah been in rallies past 2 months ? we have had corona in past year ...
it will take pm 1 minute to repeal the kristi kaboom . then kisan will go home .
public rallies in 5 rajas - anti shah and thousands without masks or social distance - is there no corona there ?
hey millions at kumb mela - is there no corona there ?
pm has mismanaged the covid - 19 crisis . pm has doubled the amount of oxygen it exports compared to 2020 !
farmers are letting in oxygen and ambulances etc . its just that godi media will not show the truth .
if india could afford election rallys in west bengal by various political parties for a period of days , without following any covid protocols , with a atleast 150 % more people who intend to come for farmer protests , india will be able to afford this too .
indian are foolish to believe modi godra incident mastermind . results of extreme nationalism and virtual nationalism
only kasmair is saved from corona because god has seen what indians do to them pay back time
why is india so terrible at looking after there people what a shame no oxygen for humans no ambulance for indians but there is oxygen and ambulance for cows
i have stopped watching godi modi media
pradhan savak to kill 3 farm laws immediately and tell farmers to go back home ... leave aside ego ...
modi jis farm laws will help india grow .
life is more precious $ $ $ can come later .
modi is responsible for it
wait ... shhhhhh ... they are farmers .. you must keep mum .. close your eyes .. don't say a single words ..
indian media going wrong way to destroy country democratic values . pm meeting with farmers could be done in one hour and agitators will go home . as far as to help adani's empire , could be postponed .
farmers are more scared of the 3 new black laws than corona . they fear that their land , livelihoods will be jeopardised and compromised by these laws . they cannot lead a life of dignity thereafter . this is very clear what they see as the greater evil and threat . situation should now be defused by repealing the three laws . it will create a positive atmosphere in the country if the msp demand is acceded to . country cannot be happy when our annadhaatas are unhappy and on the roads .
election main carona nahi hota hai .
where the f is his mask .
these are not farmers , they are shameless animals , digusting animals .
we are farmers - covid doesn't affect us . amazing , not even one is wearing a mask .
and not the politicians ? genius argument
corona is just a drama to remove farmers from delhi
our country need army rules
shame on these people who are blocking roads and creating chaos in pendamic times .
no , our country cannot afford the covid 19 effects of operation shakthi . why has this government not responded to farmers union requests for a solution to the imbroglio . this government is not a performing government . it is a government that cares not for its poor , for the unemployed , for the migrant , for the daily labourers , for its have not's . the pm and the hm have lying lips , in fact , repetitive lying lips , and all their promises to the people are hogwash . can u trust a liar ? ? ? i will not ! ! !
india is the largest democracy country in the world . the farmer have the right to protest and spread covid . the people of india should praise the congress .
why isnt anyone talking about the kumbh mela ? these people are fighting for basic needs - how would you feel if someone took your food away ? how do you think you are eating ? they haul their work 12-18 hours growing food you all are eating . they havent blocked any roads . modi can take his law back . he should be ashamed of what hes doing ! ! !
also could india afford the stupidity of pm and hm who hold election campaign with huge crowd gathering .
antinational hindus mamta congress ndtv indiatoday news 24 anchors farmers agitation spreading corona viruses
can we move these brainless farmers to middle of rajasthan desert using goods trains and camels . let them keep on protesting there as long as they want ! ! ! those who die of covid , wont harm others . they are a great danger to delhi public .
tell government to solve farmers problems . zzz ... government doesnt care about common people and their struggling ... think above politics ... this second wave is due to government mismanagement and lack of preparedness ... they dont even know how to handle a pandemic ... they have money for building statues and brand new aircraft ... mr pm should stop his speech and publicity stunts and act like a real pm
farmers didnt . govt blocked roads
i hate my country . i tried but i can't love my country because of the very bad regime .
farmers are 100 % important for the country ... poor modi has other priorities ...
if delhi cannot afford farmers protest ... should have settled their issues
time to tell govt to listen to farmers demand unconditionally . if they really care and scrap their arrogance . people elected them to serve not rule
watch this video which is full of bias and fabrication . they call it gold standard of journalism .
your anchor is telling a blatant lie when he said that the issue that corona guidelines not being followed in the election rallies was raised by the media . is this your gold standard of journalism ? it is not even base metal standard of journalism . now your bias in reporting . why no reporting on khumb mela the super spreader ?
b & d channel ... you should have made one report on kumbh ka mela
no masks .. no social distance ... v soon these all will be like corona bombs ..
please stop watching nation news channels watch bbc , cnn & social news media network they are providing correct information as they have no obligations ruling government . national news channels are getting lots of revenue from broadcasting central government ads & also up governments 4 year term achievement ads which are bogus claims by central & up government
this government is useless it is unable to provide basic oxygen to its own citizens.vishwa guru bharat ka haal somali sey verst hai
easy solution government needs to scrap 3 farm law ordinance & differ it to winter parliament session with a proper debate on it this will give some assurance to farmers & they may call back the ongoing protest .
maharashtra oxygen shortage also because of farmer agitation ? ? ?
this anchor trying to become india todays arnab ...
ask bjp about bengal rallies , you fuckin pimp ...
bku should be banned ! idiots
gaurav why don't you come to farmers protest venue and dare tell what you wish to ? bloody beggar journalist , a paid slave of aroon purie
are these people out of their mind ? covid is ravaging the country , please go home now .
anyway india is overpopulated already !
at least 3,000 of them wont be farmers anymore . this an invitation to death
only kumbh mela responsible for covid spread ? ? ?
farmers ready the cabibage catapult let our cabibages blot out the sun ( " ; ;)
how can you abuse other religions , even which is in majority of people following in your country .
we love our farmers
modi sitting in his castle dividing and ruling sikhs fight the mighty tyrants history will repeat itself when power of democracy will be the peoples
so they have time for all this . why the hell only they are not okay with this ? why not other state farmers protesting ? are they really so dumb ? oh , ya , like we all know , these guys usually have too much money so they aren't scared of the protest with a stupid hidden agenda . grow up guys .
what happened that day is an expression of dissent by the farmers who have been peacefully protesting for 2 months and losing their loved ones amid cold and covid . almost 150 + farmers died in the protest . the government passed the laws amid covid and declared postponing it just days prior to republic day for their reputation . they care less for the farmers and more about their image . police clearly fired unprovoked tear gases to the peaceful protestors and the whole mess began . thats a ground report ! protestors were seen distributing water bottles to police and protecting female police from the chaos . yes they hoisted their sikh faith flag but whats wrong with that ? the national flag was way up higher and untouched and the sikh faith flag is a reminder of the dissent of farmers who have heard zero response from their democratic prime minister about the farm law protests since day 1 as if pretending the country is well and stablilised . guess what ? the government stopped / slowed internet services in the capital to prevent the authenticity of the day get out ! i would request everyone to check <user> page on instagram . they have the ground reports and tell the whole truth . the media twisted the narrative as always . trust me , as always .
they are totally stubborn not understanding government project .
this is not protest this is riot
very well move by gov
they should attack the capitol like what happened in usa .
no good for indian government
it seems the popular slogan jai jawan jai kisan prooved false during bjp rule ... this is the first time ever happened so ... the jawan and the kisan came into the conflict ... face to face ...
ye sub mukesh ambani ko khush krny k leay is modi bhen chod ny kia ye farmer act i am standing with punjab farmers
mumbai police missing u here ...
tea seller as pm of country
we all with all farmers they only hope of life no farmers no food no life
shame on godi media and dangerous politician
india human rights violation
corrupt government ! if its a problem for farmers then it is also a problem for you also . shame on you government and media
we support kisan brothers . jai kisan
now godi media wil say china and pakistan might have plan . but now a days godi news channels has become pogo channel ..
all dogs in khakhi no no sorry it's a insult of dogsss ... they are much much much better than these breed of
tab tractor aur kisan note par tha aaj tractor aur kisan road par hain
unjust and unfair as unnecessary rule became important than humanity .
oh dear , what will we in kenya do if this is india ?
shame on you modi .. they are not terorist
support our sikh brothers from hyderabad .
jai farmers .
they are protesting bz they are in no mood to listen to the shenanigans of a corrupt , inhuman and treacherous bjp led govt
modi has to resign from his pm chair he is blood sucker of poor people and middle class people and helping richer to become more richer shame on u modi lanat ho
i support this farmers ...
fuddu police and india government
farmers are really hardworking , very strong and powerful . i hope they bring the change .
proud of you farmers
unfaithful bjp govt are not even spared farmers where is our country heading too people open ur eyes and elect the good leaders we don't want this mischief every other day
they are terrorists not farmers
so now " we should stand with our farmers
modi government eats food r something else
shame on you bjp
fire inside farmers , against anti farmers bill , every facist team have brutal end ... don't support anti farmers anti national central government bjp is trying to destroy farmers ...
keep it up ... brave farmers
i hate haryana government and modi
why is only punjab protesting ?
never saw this kind of government who is only busy to fight with their own country people ... shame on u idiot modi government
farmers always get their rights in whole world . what's happening to india .
please gather all states farmers and show the power of farmers to the cowards
discussion between govt and the farmers is the only way ... vandalism is no way ... discuss and understanding of the bill and regarding msp already it is there .. so more amount of freedom has been given to the farmers against the middlemen who are actually looting the hard work of the farmers ... discussion and proper understanding between the farmers and the govt is the way out for better tomorrow for the farmers ...
they're not gonna go back . without victory of truth
sikhs should start quitting army then see how modi reacts when india becomes weak ! !
i think they need education ... education of farmers billl ...
government says , the bill is in favour of farmers and farmers are protesting . which is true ?
where is akshay kumar he always support modi
leave our sikh brothers alone they have every right to protest for there livelihoods
the poor farmers have no voice , these are the rich ones
where is the agricultural minister ?
: - the death / harassment of farmers & workers due to protesting against agro black laws and the behavior of nda rulers towards the people of its own country should also be condemned strongly by raising demand for dismissal of nda sarkar .
firstly action on so called rajdeep sardesai for fake reporting
this farmers protest will end bjp rule in india
farmers are fighting for country , for their future and existence , farmers giving food to country , but police are using tear gas , water canons , bullets for killing annadatas
justice in favor of farmers , govt immediately should repeal all agri farm laws and work for farmers and common people in country and not to work for ambanis and adanis
farmers are fighting for country
kon hijra police gas chhorta hai madarchod gobar khata hai sarm karo police congress me welcome in police congress
so sad for all india from pakistan
they should have the right to demonstrate , they only want justice for their work
no turban-no urban every one must realise this fact before venturing and disturbing their lives
where was rss when it was freedom movement going in india . u al were pet of britisher ..
sorry farmers . maaf karna hamko aap logo k sath normal people nhi join ho rhe hai sorry
we are farmer not a terrorist godi media
history proves any march done by punjabis to delhi had conquered its motive this protest wil not slow down regardless of any forces used by dictators .
shame to police do not eat
ohgod watttt a shamefull government of india.if u r a pm of a country it doesnt mean that u can do watever u want.modi is a baddest prime minister ever.he wants to change india in hindutav which is impossiblr thing fuckin evms primeminister
this is disgusting theyre attacking defenceless people
kisan and jawan in front of each other
sale police wale shame on u
it is very unfortunate that master tara singh shepherd sikhs into the slavery of brahmins and denied the opportunity of an independent state . the sikhs have never been recognized by the indian government as a separate religious entity . in the indian constitution , as well as in subsequent legislation , notably the hindu marriage act of 1955 , sikhs have been treated as a hindu sect . cunningly indian government bifurcated churhda punjab into three states to dilute the strength of sikhs . for ultimate subjugation , indian army attacked golden temple and akal takht was heavily damaged and desecrated . narendra modi has already embarked upon diverting punjab water to other states . he wants to hit sikhs harder than indra gandhi . majority of punjabi farmers own below subsistence level farmland . financial hardship has forced them to sell their land and send children to canada and other countries for better future . narendra modi has delivered final blow to the sikh farmers by incorporating laws which will ultimately convert sikh land owners into landless bonded labor . if this happens and at the same time sikhs continue to sell their land to send their off springs to foreign countries , punjab will no longer be the same punjab . moreover , water diversion to other states will make punjab barren . if sikhs cannot stand up and protect their identity , land , water , heritage and religion today then punjab will slip out of their hands once for all . khalistan khalistan and khalistan alone is the only solution to protect sikhism and churhda punjab .
i condemn govt action on honest farmers , shame on the govt .
ndtv please don't be goohi media
shame on you haryana government .
the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing
sikh pilgrims should demand a separate country so that they can live their lives as they wish . so that they may be cleansed from the injustices of the indians ... i love punjab and punjabi farmers
each farmer has the strength of lifting 2 policemen each hand , still they are maintaining peace . thats the meturity .
indian army brutality tear gas and water canons , against peaceful protest planned at delhi . why is the government using extreme anti democratic tactics against their citizens , citizens have a democrative voice to protest peacefully . thete are no viloence , crimes , or law and order or security issues , its all lies and propaganda . disgusting and shameful tactics . watch whole world this shaemful and evil government unfair and provocative actions by the security forces , against the farmers of panjab . the farmers will fight back if you account innocent peaceful democration protestors . india fake democracy , dictatorship , shame on you trying to silence the poor masses . you deployed these tactics in 1984 , but today all the world is watching you cant censor the media .
modi is not good for anyone he just cared about what he think is good leavdmodi
bhai shambhu border nahi he ye sindhu border h
shame on indian police force instead of helping farmers they are trying to make them bow on their knees shame on you all indian army and police first i was feeling proud on my self that i am an indian but now seeing this that indian army and indian police is not helping farmers i am feeling shame on myself that i am an indian really modi u r gone from sikh com
how could this constable throw tear gas while farmers are crossing the bridge ... how inhuman act ...
pm modi eats imported mushrooms worth rs 1.2 crore every month , so he don't know the pain of indian farmer
welcome to banana republic of india
where is congress , why this situation congress is silent . why congress party officialy support by farmers . the congress party must study the struggle of the farmers .
inquilab jindabad , long live revolution
very bad government in the world
aachey din everywhere
no protection for jawan nd kisan godi government '
u are throwing tear gas own whom who are grow food for u shameless rip humanity
zada bande bridge te na kharo ... loading capacity ghat honi
all this reporter want not to throw stones because he standing there and they have to accept this tear gas bombs , shame on you ugly reporter
report put more emphasis on journalists , instead of farmers , reports are trained to do so , shame on media , they dont say anything about police , army , all are getting paid to do soooooo
why they are firing tear shell ? let them go ?
who gave right to haryana government to stop any citizens , government who dont even know about fundamental rights of citizens , a big slap on democracy .
farmers are a pride of india sharam ani chaiye apko kisan ke sath asa krtey hue
shame on you modi govt
kisan kisan india labour india mother india women india ambedkar india all all all people help help help
this media is so driven by their trp and profits that they are only showing the worst of the protests . show the complete truth where the farmers explain why they are going to delhi .
pagali wo tereko 1200 log dikh rahe hai ankho ka ilaj kar moron i think r bharat first check your eyes theses people are 1200 these 30 to 40 thousand even lakhs
nakli kisan . crowd seems to be source from from malegaon
the andbhakts cannot even differentiate between farmer flags and communist party flags .
wow . i though they can sell openly to any private buyer ?
now they will say they are khalistani or vampanthi
how come a republic tv anchor is not jumping around and shouting .. ?
all are cumminist , not farmers
ha bolo andhbhagato ab ye bhe farmers ni ha china se bheje hue agents ha ya congress dwara bheje hue agents ha ab to akhe kholo dekho desh me kaya chal rha
stop doing free advertising for the farmers
u fools they are 10k + not 1200
maha bhakas pichhadi ka show . paid protests . why not protest when these laws were ordinances under upa government , why now ?
what a plan by congress and maharashtra to change the status how much these people oayed
mazdoor protest coming soon against labour laws .. also high petrol price and inflation ... common people matter in this country not just ambani and adani
mumbai has become crime capital for traitors & jihadis .
unworthy of a comment .
have a guts to run show on " leaked chats " of gu-swami ...
funded dailywagers of pawar and maino .
congress and leftists are anti india no need to protest in maharashtra but they cant win the election so they doing all this drama on the road every indian understand them agenda
sponsored by congress .
farmers holding marxisit flag
communist have never planted even a grass nor worked in any company . these rascals have destroyed only growing organizations and kept this country in poverty best example is kerala and wb . during 80 ' s karnataka state kicked these communists in their butttt , that's the reason the state is flourishing .
ghanta farmers.there are no farmers ...
people : farmer's march from nashik . khongrass : farmer's march from april . ha ha ha
congress party wants destabilise aur nation under the name of the anti nation party is doing anti nation activity r rip congress party
all the leftist anti nationals are happily commenting shamelessly saying this is a unbiased channel . lol . do you know the meaning of unbiased ?
shame of u useless modi government
0:54 reality
it's so easy they catch filed get back 2 road wit there tractor and vehicles
boycott reliance jio
full support farmers protect
why dont these reporters research these laws
cops are anti freedom
respect for ndtv ... good job .
all support to the courageous farmers of panjab . god be with you . win the battle never give up . fight
sikh pilgrims should demand a separate country so that they can live their lives as they wish . so that they may be cleansed from the injustices of the indians ... i love punjab and punjabi farmers
the bane of this country is not it's illiterate population . it is the educated population whose degree is not worth the piece of paper it is written on , but it pontificates on everything under the sun . and oh , their bleeding hearts , aren't they the epitome of empathy and kindness ? ! never mind that their crocodile tears , are blurring their vision . again and again , some unruly and stubborn group of people , holds the entire nation ransom to have its way and it is applauded . selfishness in this nation , is a celebrated virtue if you belong to certain spectrums of the society which can be hijacked for political causes . all this why ? because the well meaning people would rather cling to an emotional humdrum and be conveniently lazy about reading and thinking . india bleeds with a thousand cuts , one ill-intentioned rebellion at a time . # * farmbills 2020 * # * farmerprotest *
shame on indian government
why pour water just shoot them
and bjp top leaders came to ghmc elections in hyderabad , even farmers are fighting in delhi they don't understand the problem of people they only want win and do nothing , so these is what happens if we believe in bjp
my full support to farmer for there legal rights
tamils will support the struggle
police's energy to fight is from farmer's food , police's salary includes farmer's taxes . and no one is going mind it . politician's power is common man's ignorance
great ntdv show right things
the farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs . in punjab and haryana there are hindu farmers , sikh farmers muslim farmers . in punjab and haryana , the farmers are not only from from jatt caste or sikhs , there are also pundits , brahmins , and dogar farmers in punjab . farmers feed the nation.big companies like tata , birla , reliance , ebany , adnany , these big companies are controlling modi . these bills are designed to make each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate , because farmer will have no option to sell to another buyer due to lack of logistics and lack resources , and the big companies have the logistics and they will buy at lowest cost from farmers and export to other countries . this will cause food shortage in india , because big companies will able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india . modi is working for the business tycoons , and big companies . the gts is hurting the small shops , small factories , modi needs to be removed from his throne ...
the bjp is the enemy of humanity ... tamil people support sikh farmers
framers we are with you . keep going .. love and support from kerala
good good go ahead otherwise farmers in india will die so go forward and seal parliament teach the nethajis what is the real condition of farming in india
dear farmers more support for youstay unitedlet us show farmers power is the greatest power
kisan kisan india mother india women india ambedkar india all all people help help help
entire northeast is our farmers go for it my dear brothers we are alwys with you ... my dad is a farmer , and so do i .
in most corrupted , polluted infected communal anti farmer country in the world , god jesus died 4 ur sins n arose frm tomb on the 3rd day , trust him u r sure in heaven . c easter in google .
all freebies , subsidies , tax exemptions meant for the small / marginal farmers are usurped by the rich / super rich farmers . nri owners of agricultural land in punjab who have not set foot in india for years , bribe patwaris and show themselves as ' khud kasht ' - i . e . actual tillers , in the revenue records . such nris and others then take free electricity etc benefits
the audio has been terrible . please improve , it was very important part of news which went mute .
i hate nda and bjp governments because there is no good law and no support for farmers especially hathras rape case i'm from south india last elections no bjp in south because we hate bjp our local governments doing good im south india every state has metro station and port and stadiums and airports and it companies and software and techno parks this all are because of local governments in south india bjp was worst
these people call themselves reporters .. gov another arm
bjp = ambani janta party murdabad ! ! we need a party that represents its people and their interests . ambani janta party is only working for ambani ! ! kissan ekta zindabad ! !
like , sagara sangamam , story for jrntr sir , in youtube , type , kondeti productions
wow , hats off to the punjab farmers ... god bless them
i dnt think potatoes price will be gone down soon ! ! !
finally someone is taking a stand .
im standing with these farmers , they dont have any weapons and they are suppressed by the modi government . water cannons and tear gas should not be used ...
first u ( bjp n rss , modi govt ) targeted muslims now singh's farmers ... whole nation already in hell
bjp throw sand , barbed wires ( international border type ) , iron barricades , smoke tear bombs but farmer will not stop we will stand for righteous . you can fire bullets on us modi but we will teach u lesson .
i just visited some of the godi media channels just to see that they are still spreading propaganda or their dead human has awaken but unfortunately they are still saving their master . god saves india from mandarin ( modi )
why only ndtv is showing this news .. what happened to other channels ...
these are anti national or what modi jii ? ? ? what about sharjeel imam he talked about the blockade result is in front of you he is booked under sedition kya hoga india ka ? ? ?
only true journalism channel
very bad
if kisaan does not want those kisaan bill for them why illiterate modi dont understand it he should start making tea , leave it chai wale fuddu modi
poor farmers are used by political goondas for their purpose ... let ndtv go and ask the poor farmers over there to explain wts there in the bill ... most of them won't be knowing ... it's just an another caa type of protests ...
now politicians don't care about people's problems . they just divert issues
this is indian farmer ...
this is congress led states
all formers are pakistanis siad by rss and modi bhaktas
ndtv make a correction , these are farmers of haryana and punjab not whole country . we are supporting it . just don't push your propaganda . put facts over your agenda .
i feel ashamed by watching our farmers condition
a small shopkeeper also sells his goods at fixed prices . but a single farmer is the only one whose crop price is determined by other people . why is it like this ? i am also a son of farmer and support farmer protest .
stand with farmers
look now-farmer protest - all the crims happening their rape , murder and and .. in this place
any updates on the protest in light of the coronavirus ?
in 1947 they left us homeless , in 1984 they took our lives away , today they try to silence our voices but we only roar back louder inquilab zindabad
uno please help to indian-farmers
sikhs are respected throughout the world yet in india they continue to suffer since 1947 . history will not forgive indian treachery against the great sikhs . god is the witness .
the kick starter of current out of control pandemic . they got the ball rolling and everyone else just kept contributing to it to create the tsunami of horror that india faces today . every news outlet that encourages this political nonsense shoulders some responsibility of the current situation in india . this includes the bbc
i know pakistan is funding for fake farmer protest in india , i support farmers not protestors , this is foreign powers attack to show wrong image of india
oh there fore china ban bbc
i stand with our farmers no food no farmers
m one of protestors , they call us terrorists but we don't mind coz we fed the nation from its birth
bik gya india da media jat bbc uthe chaye hoye ne ...
i wish the u . s . media was reporting on this .
meanwhile , indian media : i pretend i didn't see that .
please please all government help india kisan kisan problem lobour problem mothers problem girls problem women problem blinds problem ambedkar cast problem help help help
m from haryana state i know updated news
m from india
narendra modi has the mindset of adolf hitler
with fam
most probably that 755 dislikes are from bjp supporters
i curse modi ambani and adani i hope god finds them and i hope god deals with them for the pain and suffering they have caused the elderly there is no place else other than hell for these people . you dont hurt old people
i hope this stupid bbc get banned soon
salute to them
bbc covering
support to our food and farmer's
thanks to india there will be no more sikhs left to fight cause of the genocidal attempts by the government : * infecting panjabs water with carcinogenic chemicals leading to rocketing leukaemia rates * diverting panjabs natural resources to rajhastan and up , adversely affecting panjabs agriculture * building a dam to trap in water flowing northwards and thereby routinely flooding half of panjab , as seen in 2019 * preventing sikhs from practising their religion by active discrimination against gursikhs who wear all their mandatory artefacts * operation shudhee karan , systematic rape of sikh women * extortionate interest rates and very little seller protection for farmers , forcing them to take out large debts that they cannot repay , leading to mass suicide but india will still make a movie about you sardar ji so smile when youre dying on the ladakh or kashmir border .
they produce and whole india eats farmers are for their right
such a wonderful people are very badly mislead .. middle man are enjoying .. so sad .. they never understood the law .. it's only happening in one state .. god bless them away from ignorance .. irrespective .. lots of respect to the original farmers
# westandwithfarmersprotest
where they take the dump ? :)
covid must be rampant all those people so close and no masks
those who support these protect first study farm law before commenting or supporting any side . no one open eye last 70 year when farmers doing mass sucides because there is no reform . now reform is here ? why protect ?
we support farmers
this is only a part of the story , certainly not complete . in such short span video , nicely captured .
if watching this does not make you cry ~ what will ?
love and support from england to the farmers . may they stay strong .
hope these people understand the importance and ability of these farm laws . theses are good and will boost their income in near future . sometimes it is good to take bitter pill in life to eat a sweet fruit in future .
bbc news is my favourite news channel becauses all the indian channels are bought by indian government . indian channels don't supporting truth . they only tell the news in the side of government no matter it is truth or fake . thanks bbc news for showing truth.keep it up .
in solidarity with indian farmers much love and prayers from malaysia . #fightforjustice #fightforyourrights #staystrong
after the events of republic day there is little sympathy for these thugs who are a combination of middlemen , rich farmers and crowds imported and paid for by vested interests . your reporting in deeply flawed , banal and superficial and for this reason , highly misleading . pm modi is the best pm we have had . he has the courage to go against the tide as these path breaking laws are a 1991 moment for poor farmers and middle farmers farmers but they strike a body blow to middlemen . this is what this protest is about because it hits against corruption in punjab and haryana . i have not understood what these thugs want . these laws are path breaking as they free both [ producers and consumers to sell in the open market if they want . you can thugs bringing in thousands of tractors from these states poor ? stocked up for six months poor ? the government has been open to talks and has dealt with them with exceptional restraint . rich farmers have been treated as holy cow in this country . they rich segment benefit hugely from subsidies , pay no taxes and buy cheap from the poor cultivator and sell at huge prices in the market . this has to stop . rich farmers need to pay taxes . the agricultural sector has been at the bane of benami holdings by corrupt netas and babus . pm modi is breaking this vicious strangehold for which he deserves praise and not condemnation . by doing he would be the first pm who has actually helped those who need to be helped . the fact that there is information aysmmetry here and tthat the government has not sold the reform as strongly as they should have adds to the confusion . this is a bold reform and it must be welcomed precisely because it is being opposed by the rich and hijacked by an opposition that does not have a head or a tail . the same applies to your covid reporting . you fail to mention that we have handled the crisis despite our poor health infrastructure extremely well with the lowest death rate and the highest ecvery rate in the world in contrast to the uk , france , the us and russia and the rest of europe who have made a mess of it . figures in these countries are staggering . your reporters and correspondents need to delve beneath appearances to reach the reality hidden within . you do injustice to the fair name of the bbc with this stereotyped reporting . the country cannot be held to ransom by a gang of thugs spreading misinformation and deceit .
please teach some journalism to our indian media
modi loves giving foreign leaders big bear hugs but this is his treatment of his own countrymen ... shameful
they obviously make us waste our time watching this well i trade forex from the comfort of my home with the help and guidance of an expert trader carlos _1uptrades on ! g . .
good political holiday
for those who says farmers are getting paid for what they harvest , then military also got paid bro
please cover latest new on protest ...
support from london tamil
in any country the farmers are poor and work the hardest but the money the make is little . thus gov should do more for them to secure agri sector as it is so important
but indian national media is spreading fake news against farmer . corruption . we respect the sikh
govts are not the king they are there because we chosen them . goverment are there to serve us but this govt . have the most shameless people's in it .
india is and always with farmers .
as a farmer we only have trust on news channel <user> news . all other media channels are in support of modi government only .
sikhs live matters ! stop the modi's administration atrocity against the sikh people !
save farmers please show latest news of farmers #sikhgenocide is happening bjp goons are killing farmers save farmers save future
india's largest rich farmers and middle men protest . don't ever call my country poor
please i request to international media to take this protest as far as possible ... indian media has been bought by government and large corporates of india
beautiful video i couldnt explain the pain i felt after watching this video , casualties has always been on both sides that too of poor people either way round no political aspect / goons never get get why is that #askindiawhy
plz world help us punjab and hariyana bjp worst gorvment ever history in india ... plzzzz help
indian farmar doing flag off khalistan samarthak in red fort . this protest is wrong because of farmar have doing voilence in capital . i am in indian that time . #delipolice
big bullshit corporation should be talking about covid in uk . the stupid journalist doesnt know the background of issue . whole india has formers and only punjab formers have issue ! use your head bbc !
the farmers are right and the gov and agri companies are wrong and only interested in their profits , disband these agri corporations they're ruining our health and environment
worst prime minister of country , he has no sympathy for people who have died due very cold weather ,
soulful rendition of hymn in the background ! ! !
these are fake people gathered for political agenda
modi is the foolish and weakest pm of india .
we want repeal black law .
india's largest wtf bbc you know nothing about the protest just claiming everything falsely and your reports are biased . well working under mi6 gives rises to create tensions here . don't think that the person in front does not know anything we know and we know it very well
indian government myst roll back new 3 laws if there is so much agitation
khalistanis from canada , uk , the pakistani isi cpi and the congressre all involved in stoking this fire ... using gullible farmers for the agenda . . these guys are hell bent on causing chaos . the government must now show its mailed fist . the police , cbi and nsi should document and investigate each and every rioter who has broken the laws of the country . there is no back down . this treachery of the highest order . rest of india must stand solidly behind the government in handling these anarchists .
thanks for your help only few news channel's are showing reality
shout out for the farmers had a putting food on your table ! ! !
dear all please try to understand ... they are not formars they are terrorist activists ... provoked by seperatist groups
they say the law is to support and help the farmers . but we farmers do not want this law to be enforced . so for whom modi government working and trying to enforce the law ... ? ? ? hope the hardest heart ( modi , amith sha ) will melt ... jai javan jai kissan ...
please support indian farmers from fascist indian union govt ...
don't let the screamers have the last say , more power to farmers
had no idea these protests were still going on . it could be the longest protest in history . what they should really be protesting is the filthy chemical injection and fake computerized germ test .
hold on ! ! !
* the police should be withdrawn as the cm of delhi allowed it . when these idiots riot , let the delhi cm face them and the consequences . * * why is the police made the scape goat * * delhi police should not tolerate the shit created by delhi cm *
i thought this was a settled issue ... guess ... with namo in control ... nothing is ever settled ...
what about the political parties do the follow the same rules .
so indian judiciary take sou moto cognisance and bans kanwar yatra but these pepole can protest , are there different laws in country ? ? ?
or ap chaplusi kr rhe ho
whats the sach of you being tihadi ?
on his death bed he will realise that all he did in his life has come to nothing
sale chutiye . neta bhi bade hotel me rehte he or public sadako par.pehle bolta he kisan neta mehenge hotel me reh rahe he.phir kehta he hotel bill free ho gua
shame on you man i really say this media is no longer is the truth they are fucking lair fucking man
sudhir chaudhary digging out the past of people in farmer's protest ... but why don't he tell that he is accused of bribery and extortion of money from jindals . who will believe a corrupt jailed journalist .
well done . kindly apprise us expenditure of leaders like nanda , pm modi etc where do they and who pays there expendture
i can make a 1 crore bill in your name as well , god bless you
great farmers and live in five star hotel because you are farmer . great farmer ..
jhony sins
what has it got to do with you
true analysis of the news . like the way it's been presented and always facts . good work mr . sudhir
false news .
gatt uk brexit eu ,
very good news zee news sir ji jai hind
ye kishan nhi arthiyas & bicholiyas hai ... ! ! boycott bicholiyas ... !
farmers you deserve a big salute ! and my sincere support for your focused efforts and protest . the fake bjp govt is evil and they will continue with their diversions . however what they need to understand is propogating same lie in different versions doesn't hide or change the reality . farmers stay focused and your efforts will not go in vain .. full support to farmers who are leading this protest for all of us patriotic indians
i call this bs .. they attacked peaceful protesters with tear gas shells hitting old peoples in face . and then charging them with force truly a same-full demonstration of power by our government .
god bless india
who want modi ji be a pm again in 2024 ? ..
what the hell is wrong with modi he is not fit to be pm
murder of democracy , in democracy everyone have right to do peaceful protest . when we are small we study in schools we study india is the biggest democratic country in the world , i think not for too long .
| | | | contract farming | |
this is totally murder of democracy
i have seen a new growing hatred among indian people towards the sikh community and many are saying the should be given punishment and many are saying sikhs are mastermind and are planning something against the government and the country something which i have seen the first time that people are hating our community we are actually getting devided based on our religions now which is not right we should stick together at all time even if we have different opinions and not just hate other people for having different opinions
who has given rights to this police to unnecessary keep on hitting innocent farmers . long live farmers .
if you are not careful , the newspaper will have u hating the people who are being oppressed and loving the people who are doing oppression ! malcolm x
everyone looting and selling india to riches
my heart goes to the farmers , nightmare . my prayers to the almighty to put some sense in the leaders
heartless modi . shame on him . feel extremely pity for beloved innocent farmers
bjp election campaign is allowed , bjp goons can attack deputy cms house , their parties office , can attack in college , can plan riots and still the nincompoop police can't even touh them . thuuuuu
sali bekar gov . it'll be better if modi resign if he cannot solve prblm .
fully supported the farmers
mind begs the question : if an organization governing a nation against freedom fighters principles idolizing hitler patriots , traitors ?
mind begs the question : a govt - building concentration camps a judiciary - allowing totalitarian laws what conditions need met to establish a pm / govt is fascist / nazi ?
farmers have rights to protest said supreme court shameless govt shameless godi media
this sanghi bjp government is harmful for india ,
police ko apna bhi dimag lagana chaiye throwing tear gas shells looks like indo pak border . abhi to trailer bhi pishe karne hai . just to go to delhi and protest .
wow ... what a sight to see ... and we are talking about india becoming super power of the world
what what ? are you talking in hindi or its in english ? im little confused .
support the formers of india
farmers are sacrificing there life everyday but why is police acting stupid while farmers are fighting for the whole india
is bjp a terrorist ? and farmers are also ready to give the name of terrorist organization ? they should die in shame
trenches , tear gas , shaming the farmers .. is this what the govt has come to ... these are farmers ... our people ... people who work day and night to ensure we don't sleep hungry ... the least the govt can do is get rid of the bills . if the govt needs to do good for the farming sector they should make bills keeping in mind the prosperity of the farmers and the nation and not just corporates ...
let's call our soldier sons from borders ... they will show these corrupt politicians and policemen ..
i thought supreme already told government that farmers have the right to protest ! but then i remembered that modi is a dictator .
we will show this government their place . if the politicians want a civil war then they will have it . we will drag modi , shah out from their offices in the next elections .
indian people are not save
bjp = corporate janata party
end of democracy ... who is going to pay for the loss of farmers ... about 70 died and many more to come 100s of them are injured ... is this india ... is this nationalist behaviour of government ? everytime i hear farmers news i literally cry but don't force us to forget peace because we are also humans ... nobody treat even animals like this ... todays its been more than a month and previously they protested for 3 months in punjab . who is going to pay for their sufferings ? ? government is just trying to kill own citizens i don't know without citizens whom they will rule ? if people are not happy true king shouldn't be happy and if someone's is happy seeing his own people dying then person definately don't deserve to be ruler ! ! !
i have few question for the farmers which the anchors and politicians do not have guts to ask . firstly , where does the govt get money to pay for the msp ? the farmers , however rich he may be , does not pay taxes . so who pays the taxes to be paid to these farmers ? mind you , the rich pays more sometimes astronomical taxes for the same facility that you and me and the farmer gets . as indeed , the farmers squeeze more money out of the system than most of us . secondly , the poor farmers for whom some so called communists are fighting for , produces from his 2 acres for his subsistence . so who has the maximum benefit from msp and other subsidies and tax relief . the communists must understand that this political philosophy cannot survive unless the rich believe in it . and while doing so the country suffers . thirdlly , punjab . yes a great state in many aspects . but for the nation building or national interest - i am sceptic . they are proud of lunger food distribution and other philanthropic activities . more internalised . otherwise thousands of migrant workers would not have left punjab without any visible effort by the state or community to look after them in the time of distress . lastly , the slogan " jai jawan - jai kisan " makes a nice powerful and popular slogan . kisans are nowhere close to what a jawan endures . minus 40 degree celsius this winter and look what happened to the farmers with all protection and considerable less cold . i do not believe but some sloganeers say the figure is close to 60 . the farmers are damn well responsible for providing a forum for communists and maos and khalistanis and many other anti national elements .
very bad . firing at our farmers is shameful
the police did not have to use , they deliberately did it . and that too , more than 500 tear gas bombs were used and few of them were even expired which becomes even more dangerous . consequently , fire broked out in trolley . furthermore the trolley even had 2 cylinders ( for their food preparations , ) which could have burst but the farmers heroically took the cylinders otherwise it would have lead to massive loss of lives .
what is the difference between bjp and britishers ? dictator godi will face the consequences soon
it's a battle of wills . a self made , self reliant man does not need others to dictate to him how he does his work or business . the govt better learn to respect the wishes of whom they think they are governing . soon there will be a protest against the covid vaccine , simply because people don't trust dogmatic governments like these
tmc party and congress party media ... godi media
delhi now severe cold and rain non violations protest by children and young people and the elderly are struggling to defend their livelihoods the central government should accept the demand of the farmers suicides and deaths of farmers should be prevented shame on police of india . the court must take immediate action
god bless all farmers boycott evm and bjp
i have no words ... modi image is now fully cleared ..
wherever crowd there are ignorant . wise people never be part of the crowd.there is always a solution and way out in the discussion of issue not in the violence .
seems like days of british rule . if our freedom fighters sees this , they will be diappoint
blatant attack on peaceful march by anti farmer goverment.those goverment who are against farmers will be eliminated from politics soon .
whr r all congress misleaders claiming to be standing beside farmer protest . are the just posting from there bed under the blankets ? ? ? idiotic congressis ... ! ! !
am watching with shock horror the farmers have no weapon and are being attacked by the police . modi is murdabad most hated .
these so called fake kisan leaders along with cpi , cpm terrorists , planning violence during 26 jan to defame india .. and prevent companies coming to india from china ..
band kro ye nautanki ... enough of pampering ... govt should take strictest action against fake kisan leaders and put them behind bars ... protest will end ..
shameful
stupid news .. calling bjp again n again ... meaning conversation
congress govt is in punjab and they odder for lathicharge and now they are supporting for farmer through twitter
haryana police is not human i think he is donkey
farmers and their families are enjoying free food , free laundry , crores of rupees donations and paid holiday . lucky people .
enough of ego chaiwala . don't test the patience of your masters who voted you to power . if people can put you up within an sec you can be pulled down . bjp should be ashamed of theirself . it's will be too late to taste the patience .
these bullies as expected will step up their violence .
as the bully landlords take maximalist position & continue their unacceptable struggle , the unfair privileges given to them on their right to pollute , or energy at subsidy should be called off .
modi full form = move , on , destroy , india .
simple question , supreme court said that the farmers has their right to protest peaceful , now their protest has been brutally suppressed , by political goons , why the supreme court is dumb ? why supreme , doesn't feel that , politicians are breaking the laws .
farmers demand of assured prices is insane for all produces . no economy can sustain it .
this is the shameful action by government ... whole world is watching .
ridiculous no freedom of protest .. like trump and republican lost bjp is next .
this is not a good idea , people against the people , what is happening in our country .
bjp really aashole modi pm india
bjp is bharat jalao party
modi should back off
this is nothing more than political instigation
hello friends wish you all a very happy new year stay bless and safe
supreme court kisan want to file chargesto idiots police .
fire was started by a police tear gas canister that landed on the back of a truck . interesting how nervous twisted it into farmers setting tyres a light . bimbo news presenter , ps wearing glasses does not make you look intelligent .
indian police haye haye .. modi de chamche haye haye
indians understand modi , smith shah , yogi bjp and rss are underdogs of ambani and adani , these two are the pipeline for bjp and rss policies , boycott at 100 percent these two guys business , and your done getting bjp and rss out .
thank you world good news realty give
those who are protesting should also accept that the existing system is also broken and need reforms . 10k + farmers die due to the existing system failure to provide good returns to the farmers for their crops which was not created by modi govt .
punjab , south india and bengal must unite against corrupted hindi states tryying to rule over the country . they split bengal cause it was a threat to hindis .
the law is beneficial to poor farmers which is almost 70 % of india's population.just some people are creating havocs in the society for their own personal needs .
forgien media always glorifies punjabis no one showed rakesh tikait ravi azad mandeep punia are we haryanvis , rajasthani and up jats stupid ? ?
you need to get the right person as your correspondend in india . the views and things shows over here are far leftist and don't show the other side of the coin . this isn't the right way to show india #comeonvice
respect to the real farmers but vice showing half hearted video is just not right . loved the way you reported on isis and china but you havent shown the full story here #disappintedwithvice
govt doesn't pass new legislation : oh my god this government is useless govt passes legislation : oh my god this government is fascist
covid super spreaders !
where your masks ! ! ! ? ? ?
international media can speak for it if we can dicuss there matter like ( amzon fire ) . india is one of the largest democratic country if it's democracy is effected it effects the credibility of democracy all over world
holy heck can you imagine the b o stench over there
please conduct interview regarding this with the concerned prime minister .. y gov is forcing if farmers don't want this change .. this same terms were implemented on bihar state and farmers of that are suffering now
200 farmers die . liberals : oh let's focus on women
at least , to strike a compromise , govt . need to have a seperate agency to act as a business resource center for the farmers in each state that they can go to ; to give them business guidance , teach them business & negotiating skills etc . without that , it's like throwing them out of the ship and they're saying , they don't even know how to swim . govt . they are the backbone of indian society , govt . needs to have understanding , empathy & compromise .
if only all of them at singhu could assure their fellow small farmers that they will stand with them if they are exploited by the private sector using these laws . but actually the fear of change in traditional subsidized farming is veiled behind this attack on the govt reforms .
vice : those who attacked us capitol are terrorists . vice : those who attacked red fort are farmer's golden age of media
vice news , 6 million subscribers and only 77k views . something is not right here .
india is so damn polluted wow
how come loony lefties are not talking about muslims in china ... bloody hypocrites yuk
modi or rahul gandhi . any right minded knows who to choose
all you bjp haters just tell me how come bjp keep winning election after election and why leftist parties are nothing but joke
modi blind supporters secretly stalking the comment section end up getting depression .
as much as the state sponsored indian mainstream media tries to ignore or defame this true people's struggle , it's potential takes it across all borders and oceans . thanks to vice for covering this event as it deserves every bit of attention ..
india's political opposition is a laughing stock .
everybody hate modi even an outsider , , , modi is evil
91 days past . the wrost pm india ever got .
run away mr modi , run away , if not kutch , arunachal , then the bolpur , these farmers are to not relent , if you do not care about your infamous name , think of slander of the republic if you have to resign after circumstances force you , therefore , recommending the national government , run away , you can return in 2024 ?
something tells me we are being conned in the uk with all the lockdown when you see crowds like this without massive spikes in cases and deaths
not much social distancing or masking . surely there was a massive rise in cases and deaths after this protest . surely ? no ? interesting .
and these farmers protest exposed by great iceberg
* covid has left the chat . honestly , i'm surprised cases haven't spiked there with all those protests *
standing with them totally . they still have balls , and don't just let higher forces eradicate them , their humanity . we have to be proud of them , and we have to follow them globally . because this is not just about india , this is about the whole humanity as a race .
never seen these protests in any of the msm in india not even in social media . there is a concerted effort by godi media and goi agencies to not show the depths and seriousness of this protest . so ordinary citizens across india has not understood the gravity of situation for farmers - the hand that feeds billions in india including the rich and common . this is the time to stand with farmers ... no other time left ! ! jai jawan jai kissan ...
everybody wants free stuff . why tf should i pay for it ? shouldn't i be getting free stuff too ? lazy ass farmers can afford to protest for years , anyone with a real job wouldn't be able to afford a protest for so long .
fight farmers ... fight fight fight ! ! !
even though these laws " may favour " states like bihar and uttarpradesh but states like haryana , punjab especially are going to be heavily impacted , but instead of slowly assuring farmers about the laws and properly consulting about it , listening to what they want , the way they hurried and passed this bill and labeled " every protestor " as a " terrorist " . you can see where this is leading up to . * here comes undemocratic , religiously divided and an authoritarian india * - from you neighbor
thank you for covering this !
proved , the billionaire not smart enough to do business . he overlooked with farmers manpower as labours . not a wise businessman billionaire ( tata ) ...
the tata group owner control the agricultural market ... he own india country ...
bjp it cells working over tym
i . support farmers
no democracy left in india ... even the famous celebrities are in fear to raise their voice ... 90 percent media channels are run by adani and ambani groups of industries ... they are feeding nuisance to us indian people ... modi get funds from adani ambani ...
kisaan vomit suicide every year why no help is given .
its not only kisaan problem , punjabis are fed up of stupid politicians
thank you for showing something that indian main stream media is afraid of showing !
vice should try to make some more ground documentaries in india ...
<url> no msp , no protests by kerala farmers ..
gali gali main shore hai .. modi kala chore hai .. this is what the children are shouting in the protest
bunch of idiots ... suppressing farmers protest ... suppressing farmers income they will finally sell their land to corporate and corporate will fix inflation of rice / kg to 10k some idiots are not supporting farmers protest , same on them
unresearched and baseless journalism . this is typical of vice news of late , sad story . any indian citizen will tell you these are politicians not farmers . thanks for wasting my time .
10,000 is too many . also that leaves women all by themselves which is dangerous esp if they arent allowed to get jobs or are discriminated for certain jobs .
freedom of speech !
i saw a sign for this posted on a random backwoods road in south nj
i wonder if kangana is hiding in the comments somewhere
good for them . we see the issue with large companies being in charge of farm animals here in america .
7:33 right wing ? are you sure ? in my experience it is the left who are hyper-focused on identity ... but then you are vice so ...
you say it's a protest , but i as an american know that there needs to be burning buildings before its a real protest . clearly not that much of an issue .
4:20 " women make up a third of all the workers , and as a result have been central to the movement " . umm , do you know how numbers work ?
we are with farmers
don't bite the hands that feed you
very well done vice team excellent job
farmers havent even read the rules they just come out to protestors
protesting is a right . make sure the anti nationals arent using you . not even farmers are above the nation .
we stand with our farmers
huh ... so you remember when modi was praised as fighting for the people of india , like trump ? lol
nothing but political drama setup by opposition parties and bunch of khalistanis
i don't get the rezon .. why we indians are not thinking about the thing that whatever is happening in our country .. our govt ministers and everyone will decide let them talk .. why the hell will the 3rd person will jump into our country's personal matter and will try to gain popularity .. aren't we enough to make decisions ? will you accept 3rd person entering in your personal family matter ?
they are calling the same farmers terrorists who started a ' green revolution ' in 1962 indo-china war and fed the whole country . it's a shame that the one who feeds us , is forced to take his own life .
thousands of farmers die every single year .. no tweets by rihanna or greta on that . but the government wishes to bring new laws to increase the earnings of small farmers , a certain group starts protesting against the reforms and an ecosystem developes ..
great journalism , vice ! wasted 10 mins of my time and still have no idea what the law is about and why these sikh farmers are against it and are protesting . can you explain ? ? ?
india was taking charity from the uk not long ago . the uk government was sending a large sum every year for the slums problem . the uk withdrew that as they have a space program and the uk does not . dont be fooled . india is crooked . if the uk withdrew it its not needed . obviously with a space program u cant have serious poverty problems . they keep folks poor with poor wealth distribution to seek aid from other countries . thats dishonest . boycott india now until they have no more slum problems . boycott india
fake news peddler w / nice equips and edits .
vice too late .
i never had any experience with indians and recently i took q 2nd job pumping gas for them who the son is my age and integrated perfectly but the rest cant be that many generations into america . and these are some of the most honest hardworking people i've ever met . god give india strength !
damn this was in that toolkit shared by greta
we indians deserve it . we have elected this monster into office .
this is one of the biggest protest in recent history . already 75 days have passed . 160 farmers already died . so , it is natural that there will be world wide attention .
shame on modi government
if
everyone is like they are khalistani ... do ya even know the history of sikhs ? ? ? n dont fuckin say that they want to divide india coz that's what rss want ... n if uh can stop then do it ... otherwise dont say that they did this or that
we have got our lands fighting under this sacred flag
feed them food and give'em money instead of building cricket grounds .
anti nationals and oppositions are miss leading farmers
they are not farmer
they obviously make us waste our time watching this well i trade forex from the comfort of my home with the help and guidance of an expert trader carlos _1uptrades on ! g . .
2:01 not expecting this from farmers ... they are not patriots ... shame on them
guys please know that the indian government did this exact same thing in 1984 . sikhs were fighting the corrupt government then too , they were fighting for india . they were not asking for khalistan . but the government maligned their movement like they tried to do with this one , calling them terrorists and khalistanis and turned hindus against sikhs . and since there was no social media at that time , the public was successfully fooled by the government ( congress at the time ) . bjp is the same as congress . remember that in the next elections people . vote for someone different than these two if you really want to see change . if you really want to see a true democratic india with a government that is for its people , and not looting its people in broad daylight . please realize this before its too late , before india is bought by goons .
waittt the tricolour flag wasn't removed
are chutiyo indian flag was not replaced show the other side of the video dont confuse people
before : - sikh community was very generous , peace loving and kind after : - nevermind
they are not farmers only terrorists ...
they are khalisthan supporters with their flags .. they are not true farmers
watch this video carefully ! try to understand what the bjp wanted to do but failed to do so ! share this to everyone . make people aware of this . youtube link : @
flag say etni tension mat lo ... jo indian flag hai wo british ka banaya hua he ... bharat ka asli flag kesari color ka hona chahiye representing sanatan dharms ... so kesri flag they hoisted is bharat real color
beta males , simps and women are followers of ndtv
i think they are terrarist , pakistan khalistan
these ndtv is a jaichand boycott this channel
if i would have a sniper gun i should have shot their flags and their heads fake farmers
government back this bill . i support to farmers
what's the big deal its just a flag , it could have been taken off by the police later . it's not like farmer's damaged the red fort building . why is the government making an issue of a trivial issue . they're acting like these farmer's are an invading army .. lol ! !
punjab is on the way to kashmir
when did india's flag changed ? ? and what about other states farmers ? ? oops only some states farmers are feeding us free of cost
superb this is called unity of our nation jai jawan tey jai kisan
strong message , what type of message is this ? shame on ndtv
the news reporter has a cute voice ! show the reporter too
from first day we have seen that the issue is totally different and the agenda was hacked by so called leftist and groups from abroad to destroy our country .. the people have given a negative impact rather to all country people of india . is maha pharjee chanel ke to kehne hi kya ! why you are not able to get the people behind this activity if you think you know what is correct or not . sikh brothers ke prati mera samman kam hi hua hai isse . sikhs were from hindu religion only and take sikhism to protect the country . but i think they forget gurunanak ji's ideology completely . shame shame bro ! jai hind .
really appreciating this ! ! kisaan ekta zindabaad and they dont dis-respect our national flag !
omg sikh republic of india
now ndtv will be happy
" justice will not be served untill those who are unaffected are as outraged as those who are . " - benjamin franklin
i am a sikh and as a sikh i can proudly say that this act is utterly shameful no religion or flag is above our tricolour and it is my humble request to all my indians that not to hate all the sikhs just some sikhs who did this shameful act .
legends still thinks these are farmers
this is a khalistan movement . and thats a khalistan flag .
sikhs have again showed their true intentions .
congratulations lebelars
it's so sad that our fellow countrymen don't even know what that flag stands for , it's stands for justice and an effort against tyranny .. they wouldn't have done this if the government just allowed them to protest in the city somewhere or let them be part of the parade
any media who dont love its motherland and are paid by enemies are rejoicing .. but karma will take care ..
the tourists from punjab are so patriotic . they are waving tricolour at the red fort on 26 jan .   ...
it's very saddening .. these farmers disrespecting indian flag .. its the problem of government .. dont disrespect your countries flag ..
leftist to ndtv , congress leading groups , china to pak sab khushhhh ...
* we support modi against this deshdrohi *
we will never forget this you deshdrohi
in future kids have a questions at school exam paper ? who fight against bjp government ? answer : - indian farmers which indian party tried to makes ordinary farmers terrorist ? answer : - bjp and modi media
* sorry but i don't respect sikhs the way i used to do before *
* whole sikh community has lost its charm now ... *
these so called farmers have self exposed them . jai hind
they are hoisting khalistan flag in place of our dear national flag . such a shame to support them . shame on ndtv .
after this event sikhs have lost all their goodwill . on one hand their brothers are fighting on border for the honour of tiranga and on other hand they are throwing away tiranga , sikhs have lost it
people loosing respect for sikhs . this is what pakistan wants
now modi is doomed . he is doing the same mistake what indra gandhi did with sikh brothers . he messed up with wrong people for the corporates .
i may be wrong , but its my opinions ... and those fkrs wo think i m wrong got to hell i dont care ... government should have ordered to shoot these mothr fkr terrorist and supporting politicians instead of lathi charge .. now i dont have respect for this kisan movement , jo apne fayede ke liye desh ka bura kr skta h , desh ka naam kharab kr skta h they dont deserve to live , only punishment for them is death , chahe wo aam aadmi ho , kisan ho , ameer aadmi ho , opposition ka leader ho , ya aur kisi party ka koi bhi neta .. these mothr fkr khaalistaani minded farmers ( not all farmers ) ( i m not saying about farmers who have genuine concerns and are silent protesters ) and people and politicians supporting these kahlistani mothr fkrs supporting this kind of protests , removal of flag from red fort are not indian nationals , they are terrorists , traitors it was all pre planned , bs sirf isliye ki government ki badnami aur gir jaye ... and for today's act of flag removal from red fort and too on this auspicious day of 26th jan is not acceptale , ye bhulne ya maaf karne wali chiz nahi ki are ye log tho bechare hai protest kar rhe the , sarkar inki baat nahi maan rhi h tho kya krte ... thsese khalistani shikhs , anti naitonal farmers and rahul co . supporters should be punished . pta nahi indian mei log in cheezo ko tolerate kaise kr lete hai . mujhe tho itna gussa aa rha h ki agar mei waha hota , aur ( mere pas authority hoti saza dene ki ) tho mei us sab ko pakad kar , jail mei band nahi karta , balki aisi saza deta unhe aur unki puri family ko ( including khalistaani farmers , oppsiton leader and politicians and those who suppported it ) ki maut ki bhi rooh kaanp jaati aur dubara koi aisa karne ka nahi sochta .. us saza ke samne unhe marna jada aasan option lgta . but maut bhi nhi mil paati .. they deserve this ...
.. - - share subscribe watch .
these are the farmers of our country whose demands the government was unable to fulfill and they decided to carry out peaceful protests from the very start , the group who hoisted that flag separated itself from the peaceful tractor rally , moving towards the red fort was led by deep siddhu , farmers claim that going to the red fort was not even in their plan these comments make me think if people even use their brains or just go with the flow of what they see in the media or read elsewhere
well i support for farmers but a flag agnist indian flag is completely different thing
in hijado pe thu thu thu thuuuuuuu
no jobs , no equality , no strict laws against rape in india . there will be soon no food for poor people in india if we dont support kisan today .
victin global hunger index ( 94/107 ) ? ? ? as a such that i am work job income tax chanel subscribe kro guys barojgaro ki problem solution say related vedios apload krnay wala hu plzz gauys support
at least condemn to kar lo ... yaar ... abhi bhi kitni slow bol rahe hai it's a religious flag ... jab caa ke time hua to desh fascist ho gaya tha , , , lekin aaj secualr ho gaya ...
that is power of formers
tamils and sikhs ! ! brave nations with some self esteem , .
violence is condemnable ... the movement has lost it's sanctity and purpose because of violence and anarchy ... this was not expected from ' annadatas ' ( farmers ) ... thev have broken their promise of peaceful protest .. the rioters should be dealt with strictly according to law and charged with relevant sections of indian penal code ...
they hurt my heart . govt didn't fire them due to vote bank policy .
best video of all time
... great
great work
beautiful ! ! so vibrant and vast
got emotional after watching this . how they are disciplined even after massive crowd . you won billions of hearts love you farmers . how government working to scandalized farmer's image by a propaganda . can't imagine this kind of ruthless government
love and support fromkerala
wow beautiful view's , good job , can't stop watching
too bad some bad ass took the farmers for a ride ..
please call it the broker's and congress protest . we love our farmers and the new laws will help them become richer .
can't believe how our government is ignoring it .. we have elected bunch of fools
jai kissan jai hindh .. i support farmers ... farmers not from pakistan & china kissan our heart off the nation ...
thanks for making this video by drone
shame on ( anti ) national media for not showing the beauty of the parade .
simply excellent ..
music gives sooo much positive energy
we fight for the oppressed today the farmer why not make msp law modi that will make farmers income increase
please post new pictures everyday .. talk to #sanjuaktkisanmorcha to post those pictures on their platform .. we wil spread those pictures in worlds on our social accounts ..
thanks
i like the music ...
7:10 the scene is incredible
this is incredible #farmersprotest chardi kala . kisan ekta !
excellent coverage ... thanks for showing the true side of ptotest
shah should go back to iran.modi should join a college and persue his graduation.lets educated farmers rule india .
shah should go back to iran.modi should join a college and persue his graduation.lets educated farmers rule india .
#standwithfarmers #farmersprotest
very beautifull . proud to be an indian . bhaichara bana ke rakho desh mein bus itni si gujarish hai
thankyou paaji for showing this . god bless you
they should have big hot air balloon hovering all over delhi with all the writing on it .
bjp is corrupt criminal party
thank you so much . beautiful parade .
acce din is here ... corona died . mudi is meditating .
incredible these farmers
farmers you deserve a big salute ! and my sincere support for your focused efforts and protest . the fake bjp govt is evil and they will continue with their diversions . stay focused and your efforts will not go in vain .. full support to farmers who are leading this protest for all of us patriotic indians
why is the central government not repealing three farms laws as is being demanded by the farmer's unions ? ? ?
why do governments don't listen to farmers ? the central government should not be adamant . the government failed to bring farmers on table properly .
i wanted to tell media should have to google the protest of 114 days of bhagat singh
this machine is well suited to mount a gun , best for border security .
where there ' is will there is way . victory march to delhi .
they are all sponsored farmers . my father has even not a bicycle to ride . they are wasting 100s of litters diesel on the show . where do they get this money to spend . why they do not think about other small farmers ?
good approach
may god guide and protect you all
waste pm modi petrol rates are all time high , highest inflation ever in indian history , highest unemployment ever in indian history . pm modi first solve our problems & answer to our questions ..
very happy
00:36 tractor parade plan 02:05 what happened at red fort ? 03:37 who is responsible ? 09:26 what was police doing ? 11:04 why it happened ?
if the protest becomes voilent govt will gain support form normal people .
skm is right
bahut complicated case hai bhai
whenever dhruv bhaiya send godi media i literally laugh a lot
deep sidhu and lakaha sidhana was right becoz when protest was started they both were with farmer no committee was with them . but now defamed all are them on one basis . i am from punjab so i know well becoz i see directly . when farmer was on haryana border no committee was their they and their fews friends help to cross haranya border so i don't think was wrong plz see pervious news carefully and i want say within few weeks it will 1year complete farmer protest so we will support them becoz godi media will not support they will defamed them so plz believe on true news
fake government who's making monopoly on country
the way you manipulate your viewers is amazing ... firstly i believed u but when i went on other u tube channels like abhi and niyu i came to know about the reality .
must needed video ! support farmers .
thanks !
people like u r a shake to this country ...
haha those who spoke this video is not accurate im sure they hate sikhs or might be typical hindus or something they should understand the concept rather than thinking they are only sikhs no they are not only sikhs they are farmers all over india up , mp , rajasthan , punjab , haryana , karnataka
well you just proved my point . the flag hoisted on the day was not a khalisthani flag whatsoever . it was nishaan saheb flag . you can clearly differentiate between the logos on both of them . nishaan saheb flag can be seen atop gurudwars . our pm has himself worn the symbol as a head scarf . indian army has hoisted the flags several times . but regardless of what flag it was , i do believe that no religious flags shoulf be hoisted on top of red fort and other buildings are totally wrong . second point , the nishaan saheb flag was hoisted by deep sidhu . he had no relation with the protests until this incident . you must have heard his name . he himself admitted
rand liberals ... terrorist choothiya
police shot one of the farmer on his head
why only punjab farmers are unsatisfied with the farm laws . i am from uttar pradesh and here i can see no farmer support this protest .
bro u said that it is bad to put religious flag in government buildings ... plz tell me in 1984 the indian army put the indian flag in our golden temple ... kya voh shi ha ... or jab babri masquid pr kuj hindu logo nay apna religious flag lgaya tha ... uskay bareh may b bolo kuj ...
2:09 you can easily see the damn khalistani flag
bjp did that
well explained
this video is justifing the violence we have certain proofs that all the unions want the violence and he is saying that the violant people are pro govt matlab haadh hai bhai itne din toh ek saath kha rahe hai sab kar rahe hai aur khalistan ka flag ko nishan sahib ka bol raha hai wah bhai itne kaise gir sakte hai bhai justify karne keliye apko govt pasand nahi toh teke lekin itna clear indian sovereignty ko challenge karne wale activities kaise justify kar lete hai ye :(
he said in my opinion a religious symbol should not be hosited on a governement building so these peope should be arrested . why will the police accept your decision ?
this hypocritical a * * hole will never discuss : 1 . how many times govt held discussions with farmers , and how at every meeting the so called farmers changed their demands 2 . how khalistani supporters entered the rally 3 . if the farmers were really against the bill , why dont they go for ' crop-hold ' 4 . the so called farmers demanded release of vara vara rao ( maoist leader ) , how come that is related to the farmers ? ? 5 . why only farmers of a particular region have protested , there was negligible protests in other parts of the country
bhai thoda toh sharm kar ley ... koi itna jhoot kaise bol sakta hai ... indian flag was thrown away and khalistani flag was put , there is a clear cut video evidence of the same ... u liar ! ! !
this guy explained very well and truly farmers jindabad modi murdabad godi media murdabad
brother police wale vi insaan hai uss time situation ke hisab se apni jaan bi bachani zroori thhi ... agar police wale marr jate to nuksaan kiska hota ... ? ? ? humne vi videos dekhi jisme police walo per hmla hua or wo uper se he jump kr gye ...
tell me one thing how you get persentage
in every video you target modi administration
fake news spreader .
sir mere pass video h usme dikhrha h ki ye log red fort pr khade police officer , s pr attack kr rhe the or police ko bhaga rhe the
dhruv rathee bro this is not a real nishan sahib . this was originated in early - 20th century before that sikhs used puratan nishan sahib which was blue in colour and this nishan sahib was used by the time of guru gobind singh ji it has spearhead ( arrow ) on the top of the pole and also it has a farla ( , a strip of cloth ) and also it has sword , shield and triangular dagger as a symbol and it was triangular in shape . it's base ( bottom line of triangle ) starts from downwards and goes to upwards .
dhruv rathee ...
fake news spreader
red fort govt building nahi h ... vo lease prr diya ja chuka h ...
national media works under bjp
bro do u have got threat calls bcoz u speak very bold nd true
in 1984 when the bloody indian government put their three colour on the dwara that's the little revenge of that but the revenge is not completed till it
we don't demand khalistan , all we demand is withdrawal of the bills .
hello dhruv rathee ji i am a subscriber of your channel and i want tha you should take reports from other channel too ... which are neutral , which says both good as well as bad opinion of any action . thank you
hello guys i am a farmer from punjab iam telling u all that i agree some farmers became emotional and went to the red fort but bjp took an advantage of all this and disguised there men within us . it was a very clever move of there but what good had happened . even though it's a protest farmers have opened health camps and serving free food . police officers have there hands tied so we cannot say a word to our cops . nothing good has happened to either farmers nor police just bjp took benefit of it . rip to all the people who died in farmers protest .
farmers are protesting . 6 month are croosed
you put on all the blame on deep sidhu ... sach bhi bol liya kar
the government could stop this . but they didn't , , because government knew that by this incident the public will be against the farmers .
thanks for opening my eyes . it is hurting but trueth .
bahi fake police wale lga rkhe h , rss walo ko varde phna rkhe h
i'm a sikh i wrote this comment and now every hindu brother will come and consider me anti-nationalist and khalistani . sikhs did nothing , the way this protest insulted sikhism , those ppl will regret for their whole life .
clearly all this was planned by the government
dhruv youre the best
my full support to the farmers and i pray for their success . the farmers are the backbone of the nation and 4 months have passed . it is so tragic that the govt . does not want to solve their problems . now just for the sake of arguement lets say if the govt . rolls back the farms laws , what is it going to cost the govt . and what would be the effects.the government is for the people and by the people and for the people . so if the people demand it , i dont see any reason why the govt just cant change the laws . the laws are made for the people and its never that people are made for laws . this is the true meaning of democracy . modi govt has no choice but to save the farmers immediately . jai hind !
life is very harsh and hard indeed !
that government was selected by those i guess and in 2024 will be selected as well . good luck for your unending protests .
the quint is failed congress spokesperson and everyone knows that so bloody well
flop show and everyone knows that
fake news as usual fron the quint . the protest is literally non existent outside punjab
thank you for supporting farmer
this is such a disgrace to the country hold ding back the economy . no one is even watching these protest anymore . the govt has decided . they are creating a problem to all the other people .
" i do not heard you brave farmers , i am enjoyed my dig with bangladeshi pm " - modi
modi should be band not bharat
nothing will happen modi will just wait them out eventually farmers will go home as just sitting and protesting wont do anything unless open armed revolt as the courts with modi and media is godi media either fight and some die or dont fight and yourself and entire generations die or be slaves hard choice
nothing in south india . please report properly .
thanku the quint for covering / supporting kissans
really ? they had a bandh yesterday ? but it was business like usual everywhere . i guess you and your ilk failed , yet again . my sympathies !
vada pav sellers in mumbai have higher population in front of their stalls
lovely ... liquor shop has more crowd than these ... maja aa gaya . ! ! !
msg to bhakts : if you can't help farmers atleast don't spread hatred . peace !
this law is for farmer benefits ... so true farmer will not protest ... all broker pl continue your protest . we damn care about you ... you news is no more important for us ... whatever protest you want to do pl dont in your own state & dont come & block delhi . let them live peacefully .
koi news channel farmers protest pr completely report ni kar rha ... few thinks terrorist are doing .. few thinks something else ... if you are doing job do it properly ... like a real journalist ... that's a request ... show us all the sides of farmer protest
where did quint call that it's bharat bandh . even title says that farmers calls for bharat bandh .
bc fake ha ye sab farmers apni kheti kar rahay ya ye tho sirf terrorist ha bc
where is social distancing ?
no bandh in wb . edit . the comment section agrees with me . the quint is a propaganda outlet .
why do they have problem with the new law ?
bus chutiya banao , the quint . most of the states are not protesting , a negligible amount of people in these states are protesting , i doubt they are backed only for political reasons . only punjab is protesting total funded protest from nris in canada . gawarism at its best ! !
what bandh ? ? ? there was no bandh anywhere in india maybe you should do ur journalism a little better . daily surges in cases without mask roaming around shouting without knowing the bills ? ? ? . on the brink of second lockdown and you guys being quint want to damage property . asking others about jio u should be ashamed of using same carrier .
it was all over except some cities which do not have enough agricultural population living around . great reporting guys .
we fully oppose the fake farmers protest , we stand firmly with bjp .
no bandh in ranchi
* india should deal with stray dogs the same way usa and other western countries do * - round up every stray dog then place them in an animal shelter , and if a dog is not adopted within a certain number of days then it should be painlessly euthanized .
this could go on forever
i don't even know there is bandh today.there is no bandh in hyderabad.why this quint is showing as if there is bandh everywhere .
give manpower service to election commission for vvpat slip ginti 100 % karo ya evm hatawo bjp bhagawo desh bachao abhiyan
too much arguing and protest against any reform is what pulling india behind . the farm laws are good and will benefit the poor farmers , the farmers clearly don't look that poor and have way too much time on their hands , unlike the poor actual poor farmers working . do what you need to do modi the majority of india democratically elected modi as the prime minister and therefore everyone needs to respect his decision .
naxalite is the future of india . support country naxalite and its government . naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights .
9.5 million subscribers , and 480p ? ? smh
i never been in british era , but i understand now how the british were suffering
really shows how much the government cares . when rice and grain prices skyrocket next year i want to see what happens then . after troubling labourers with blanket lockdowns , he's turned to farmers . i wonder who's next
i stand with modi's government reforms . hopefully , everyone gets above the basic information about the new reforms .
be careful with rajewal . he is comrade snake
one can clearly see difference in reporting and reporters of ndtv and others . its not just about " what " but also " how " .
it's good that community is helping each other . politicians don't do anything . time to have local leaders and community leaders who ensure that people take care of each other in difficult times
ndtv reporter gazali way of reporting is well controlled clear and coherent i really love his way of reporting news it's at par with best
maha panchayat meeting is very important . this meeting must continue in other countries too .
. farmers should take care to not to allow political party leaders joining the farm law protest sites . we in andhra pradesh have bitter experience with political party leaders in 2014 . people at that time of division of the state of andhra pradesh agitated against the proposal . the agitation was conducted by all people . people from every nook and corner participated . peope cooked food on streets for the participants . people wanted the andhra pradesh state to be continued to be united . news of this agitation ware not shown in other states . only agitation for separate telangana was shown in the local media . arguments for united andhra pradesh were not shown in local tvs . and
nice reporting by this guy
farmers especially our elderly farmers have been out since november protesting . modi who has been bought out by the rich corporations of ambani and adani refuses to meet with them . he has barricaded himself . in fact hes ordered the police to throw water cannons , tear gas , and beat them up with sticks , throw air bombs and spikes on the farmers , they are beating them up even the old , they are thrown in jail , 200 people are missing or murdered . women have been sexually abused . they have blamed terrorists which there were none . they have blamed khalistan yet it has nothing to do with them . they planted their own people to create friction and create riots amongst the farmers . when i look at the pictures of the farmers i see the sad faces of the elderly and it pulls at my conscience . if you cannot understand their plight or fight you must not be a god-fearing human being or void of a conscience . you must believe in the right wing media in india aka fox news that is owned by the government to feed lies propaganda conspiracy theories aimed to divide and undermine the largest protest in human history . if you cannot understand then you must not believe in humanity . these farmers are just fighting for their livelihoods and no one seems to care especially in india . and because of the abuse the outside world needs to and has to take notice . modi needs to be exposed . what he is doing is nothing short of what hitler did to the jews and they tried to hide it from the rest of the world . but we are noticing and we are going to fight for the farmers and the elders who do not have a voice right now . many of them have committed suicide because they could not make ends meet . im sorry a lot of hindus think this abuse of the farmers is ok with them as its not happening to them and they will not stand up for them . they they have a country that believes in hinduism only and want to rid india of sikhs and muslims . india is a nationalist fascist non democratic country . i actually think being under british rule was better than what we have now . at least we were united then . if you can look at the eyes of these elderly farmers that are sitting peacefully since november and just see their pain thats all i ask and let them be heard . if you cant do that then sadly you were void of compassion and empathy
what about bihar
government must not procure beyond buffer stock reccomanded from punjab . let punjab government buy at any rate as farmers asking and they must store and market in thier own .
government is not marketing agents for any products including agri . as other business it is his responsibilities to market . he have to research and select which crops to farm before sewing depending on supply and demand . apmc must be act as price control to check mate private parties indirectly by government . it must try to avoid buying maximum crop . government must not buy beyond buffer stock reccomanded to satisfy farmers . government duty to govern country and pay way and guide of smooth functioning of trade . i feel what government going is correct . best for farmers to survive is to form fpo society and sewing and selling must be through it , with help of educated people .
hopefully our farmers will end modi's government in next election
modi will reamain pet of ambani's and adani's for the whole life
bjp is under estimating kisans agitation . you cant divert kisan agitation by imposing the words pakistan china terrorism nationalism videshi etc etc . no nationalism without farmers ...
did i communicate my emotions on these matters also , ? it always seems difficult to convey an emotion to someone or anyone who has not the same cares or shared memories or point of view and for what reason one feels that way or prays to god adonai that he punnish the conveniently forgetful also who are surely lieing so they can encourage co tinged disobeyal and crime and refusal to beg for god's command be carried out and that they demand it done faster if they are not the christ
farmer are been fooled it's sad to see laws good they need some change but overall they r good in maharashtra we hv this law from 15 years
punjab is already well informed ; please extend your word to other states like mp and other parts of the country
i am son of farmer ... i also do farming
pm modi , a primary school dropout is a masterpiece of dramatization , misrepresentation facts & conceal the truth . he is in the habit of lofty promises & then care a straw to keep them . modi does not at all distinguishes between the truth & the lie , just promises what seemingly people buy & thereby add to modi's effort to self-glorification . modi is a rustic illiterate , religious fanatic to the backbone , divider-in-chief in india , riot expert , destroyer of indian economy habitual liar , in fact bjp party is comprising of illiterates , ruffians , goons liar & criminal of all sorts . in the effort of self glorification , modi suo motu declared demonetization , gct & lock-down & all proved to be dangerous in some way or other but the idiot modi is relentless . modi is a curse to india . anyone with thinking ability should not vote for modi .
food and gas prices are going up around the world not only here . pinky is just playing opposition with no solution to the problems .
those who are journalist of ndtv feeling so proud
farmers voice is matter in this 2021 elections
these farmers are anti-nationals .
the problem is with us the consumers also when we want to eat an apple which looks perfect of the same size , earth doesn't grow produce like this .. when all of us are of different sizes why we expect our vegetables be any different ? ?
why she is wearing so many garlands ? to show-off supporters ?
thanks for being honest ndtv and covering the news without manipulations .
today is traders and transport workers bharat band and now you will see godi media will label them also as desh virodhi
please inform the farmers to change the pattern of their strike ... like send the sapplings of different agri ptoduducts to the central government that thay grow them and feed the citizens ... if they agree , please call of the strike
learn to invest your money , that will help your economy a lot
comedy court does it again :: 27 th adjournment in kerala cm pinarayi vijayan snc lavalin corruption case : comedy court sets kidney book of world record in adjournment :: some birds whisper 60 crores :: case adjourned to next century
very good morning
wonderful ... congrats ndtv
has anyone noticed , the reporter who was interviewing priyanka , his questions were straight and stark , she missed to answer a couple of them but he didnt attack her on it . then after the interview , he moved through the crowd where everyone gave him the way and were listening to him . i am not a congress supporter , but i am a supporter of good journalism . the level of respect a party leader had for him and then the public had for him just because he was being a real reporter .
democratic republic of india ? 28 monthd lockdown in kashmir ? 90 day kisan andolan ? arrest of a21 years old youth r the signs of absolute facisism ...
this is just the begining .
a rebellion is not a revolution . it may ultimately lead to that end . bhagat singh what a man he was ! ! ! " repeal or nothing " fisted salute jai kisan ! jai kisan ! ! jai kisan ! ! !
thank you for showing the facts on farmers protest . look like bjp and government is sinking , as no expert with them to realize .
lakha sidana is the people's hero ... corrupt police stay away
we oppose of the bjp government black rules and false promises
mind begs the question : hitler - labeled every protest a conspiracy if a govt - labels every protest a conspiracy model state , nazi state ?
mind begs the question : a govt - building concentration camps a judiciary - allowing totalitarian laws what conditions need met to establish a pm / govt is fascist / nazi ?
aisa h jo kutte h wo to rhege but jo achhi life chahte h wo bhi inke chakkr me pis jate h
modi collecting cash on ram temple ... digital cash failure ... black money open
thanks
# downfall of bjp by its own act #
modi is a liar ? he is not bothered about the farmers he and his bjp workers are busy collecting money in the name of god rama
thanks
thanks
all i want to say that they don't care about us .
dont even bring congress to power if farmers going to uproot bjp this is jus another face of coin ... make farmers leaders an alternative to power ... they are true bharath mata k bete ... jai jawan jai kisan ... jawan and kisan should lead the country irrespective of their religion we need imaandar god fearing human leaders ...
lakha sidan is a social activist in punjab not a terrorist . he never demanded for separate nation ever .
modi governance prepared for hindu muslim but kisaan came out of syllabus .
bhasmasur modi is responsible for the death of 45 farmers . chor pm
godi media .. we are with farmers
great farmers
good morning
i support farmers
desh me santi aa sakta hai koi bhi galat kam ko condemn kornese . communists selectively condemn korke desh ko pichhe dhakel raha hai . moderates like us are also becoming orthodox for the partiality of communist towards mim .
ak sacha aur honest journalist ravish kumar
one of the best journalist in india ravish kumar sir
why you are not doing research on corruption at 3tier panchayat raj , which is mother of all odds in society ? you are just discussing things that will not help common people to get relief from major issues .
and neeraj atri says this guy is fake
love and respect from amritsar punjab to each and every person supporting farmers
thank you very much sir kisan ekta zindabad we will win
by sitting on there wont help modi just wait them out unless farmers dont take more measures that hurt modi nothing will happen
sir jio ka button phone ata hai jis pr mrp bhi nahi hai or not for sale likha hai phir customer se rs . 1800 charger ki jata hai , koi bhi bill customer or shopkeeper ko nahi milta , kyo je tax main chor hai j nahi ? news coverage kr sakte ho ?
ravish kumar + rakshit = one of the legends
hi ravish sir :: our human rights privacy gender equity educated idiots are making big hue and cry about a judge asking a raped woman whether she will marry the man who raped her : there is nothing wrong in that : rape is one of the eight forms of marriage approved and sanctioned in hindu scriptures :: it is called paisachika marriage :: the children born out of paisachika wedlock are legitimate :: in fact in our country hundreds of paisachika wedded couples are leading normal lives :: those idiots who make hue and cry only advertise their complete ignorance of this country and its ways :: shame unto them
your attention to details makes you more unique . keep up the good work.sir
ravisk kumar ji godi media ke sare anchor kissan andolan me border par aaye the , sarkar ki language boli or chale gye ` par aap nhi aaye `
the educated class in our country :: judges journalists newspaper editiors adminisrtators university professors z :: are all obsesed with the worthless weastern ideas on human rights privacy gender equity etc .. these idiots are even unaware what our great scripures declare on these matters :; all the opinions formed and actions formulated affecting millions are based on the foubdation of worthless western ideas .. this will be a stubling block for our society to develop .. our so called educated class should go back to our great scripture though they are not equipped to undestand the great but simple ideas
hi ravish ji :: nomskar ::
sir please do primetime on andhrapradesh capital amravati issue farmers are suffering they r beaten up by police especially women ... bjp has sold steelplant , blackmailed our cm and created 3 capital issue .. a . p was in horrible condition before it is no1 in india even gujarat failed in rankings with a . p
our prime minister has the time to do a rally in bengal for his party but has no time to acknowledge the national issues for which he is elected to do .
no logic is this journalism ! !
respect for you sir for your true journalism and standing with farmers .
atleast some of the other reporters want a solution and propose but people like ravish never want the farmers agitation to end for their own agenda
you keep passing sarcastic comments on govt and keep crying on other channels whereas no other channel bothers about you
ravish , are you a part of a problem or solution . i don't think you try for solution for the farmers problems
good introduction with photo and music
are ur viewers crying after watching news that instils fear in them ... ? .
kya bakwaas program script hai . anchor looks completely confused . kehna kya chahte ho bhai
very good friday home work
great parson
congress ke dalal ravish kumar
shame on you how many life's where lost in shahinbagh
i think u are wrong my opinion
always support ravish kumar sir
i am proud of you ravish kumar ji
please do a story on akhil gogoi , the most popular farmer's leader from assam . the guy is kept in jail without no reason for almost two years by the local government .
bbc is bbc cock
people are talking that no shops were burnt , no stores looted ... so i will just say one thing , go to indian penal fir sections and check how many complaints have been filed of rapes by these so called farmers ( which the are not ) ... they are even raping memebers of their own organisation ... but i am sure these things are just propaganda , 80 % farmers have no problem with bill is also propaganda ... these are the real farmers and not khalistani i am sure about tha
this is the most unkempt , unprofessionally looking news presenter ever .
actual farmers are doing there job and living , middle man and so called goons are protesting ! ! !
had you been following reporting the way the sequence had been going on you wouldn't have believed it was in farmers nature to do that , don't show propaganda news
subsidies and new schemes must be launched for making agriculture scientific rather than depriving them of their right to property .
pls don't show manipulated and news without any base of credibility
its fake , it's was a conspiracy they were not real farmerss , they were bought people aka so called farmers who did this , we have credibility in farmers protest
i don't agree with this news
it's sad to see these illiterate farmers and their so-called " leaders " with vested interests protesting for something fictitious like thinking that government will stop providing msps to farm produce . to those who don't know a dime about the indian agriculture system , my advice is google a little and gain some knowledge about the dire issues that this law intends to address . it would have been fine if farmers were protesting after the govt . has taken back the msp support which is never gonna happen because no political party is dumb enough to lose farmers ' vote which is about 70 % of the working class ( it's a huge number believe me ) by cutting down msps . there are about 130 million farmers in india ( more than the population of many big countries in the world ) and certainly , not all of them are protesting because most of them will be benefited from this law .
the law is beneficial to poor farmers which is almost 70 % of india's population.just some people are creating havocs in the society for their own personal needs .
they're not farmers but anti social elements
all are made victims for worlds wide wors 3 ?
they are not farmers first they are brokers
i am from punjab i've seen my relatives working day and night
shame on bbc terming it as voilent . paid media .
usa please help to indian-farmers
uno please help to indian farmers from india
modi is taanashah indian pm is taanashah uno please help to indian-farmers
if muslim does same thing ... it's terrorists and jihand if sikh and hindus does same thing ... it okay this is mentality of hindus ... world must brace itself ... the communal hate will destroy every part of world this is just like how usa created choas in libya , iraq , syria , afghanistan , iran , yemen ... where ever usa goes it will destory peace ... same where ever hindus goes it will create communalism in every part of nation in world
i pray god for the farmers , i pray for their victory ... while the bbc commentator sits in her comfy chair , in her comfy studio , with her make up artist in the wing , lecturing an honest man , fighting for decent workers rights ... unbelievable another fine job for corporate elites bbc .
india is a violent country , don't tell me about afganistan , pakistan and other countries in reply , i know about that , these countries are violent too , but you should not defend your wrong things by other's wrong things ...
worst pm in the world modi
they are brokers
indian farmers and workers held the biggest industrial action in human history with over 250 million people out on strike . wow
well , would indians finally understand that non violence has never led anywhere ?
keep protesting farmers . all of the governments are pushing through unacceptable bills - using lockdown . i am glad people are fighting for their rights . go farmers .
#moditerrorism #indianterrorism #rssgoons #indiatoendia
india's agriculture sector is hopelessly inefficient . about a third of produce rots before reaching consumers . unlike the bbc , where 95 % + of output is rotten .
bbc is the king of anti india propaganda and fake news . bbc should be banned in india
this isn't shown during the day . notice how the clock in the corner of the screen is cut out of shot . shown at 3am when nobody is watching the news . typical bs from the bbc
if bbc don't know that these are politics by oppositions then better you should change your reporters . even most of the common man in india knows that these are fraud dharnas . unless you have a moto to defame india . please don't support fake narratives who are paid .
indian media bad then prostitution duty
shame.look at the govt . hospital and school , no money to enhance it . however poor pm and cm has money to built statue and idol in india ...
at least , to strike a compromise , govt . need to have a seperate agency to act as a business resource center for the farmers in each state that they can go to ; to give them business guidance , teach them business & negotiating skills etc . without that , it's like throwing them out of the ship and they're saying , they don't even know how to swim
that thumbnail photo look dope . he is extremely angry .
this is how u k that the indian government incapable of anything lol , trying to fight off the chinese army at the border while having its domestic affairs look at a shetshow
bbc-britain bias corporation .
you can thank bill gates and his multinational pals .
bbc is 3rd class broadcasting corporation . like we can expect anything from a prostitute like wise we can expect lowest of low behavior from bbc . i am a muslim but i can not bear this comment . i think it is a culture in britain to abuse mothers .
are indian farmars fromed by people on low social class ?
i heard in india people are classified to different levels . is this true ? how come indian people are not born equal even in 21st century ? where are human rights in india ...
hows the great reset going so far
silly news reported . that is not journalism .
plese brodecast news indian employment and kisan protest indian new chanal sold by modi government indian new is not indian chanal it is modi chanal
everyone is afraid of change . don't resist just embrace it . our country is developing that's all . all of us should be happy . i can see why farmers are afraid , but it's for greater good . don't go thinking about private profit and all .
its no dangerous to gather in large numbers . lockdowns dont work
oh yeah . india is real diverse . no women . no africans . no americans . oh , so , diverse .
boring
poor farmers made to protest amidst deadly global pandemic . shame on this government and their supporters . ! ! !
all staged by bjp to defame this protest
not as violent at winston churchill turned on indian farmers during bengal famine resulting into 3 million deads . for south asia , mr churchill will always be equivalent to hitler .
wow the title to this video is a bit misleading
this newscaster is hating on her own people with her fancy english education . who cares about the fake pandemic or being peaceful under baton charge ? this is life or death for the common farmer . plus newscasters are supposed to be pretty !
i see communist / marxist flags at the end - nothing at all suspicious or nefarious to see here at all folks lol . history shows , never side with the communists - anything to do with communists will be far from peaceful .
it's even more violent and cruel to subject these farmers and their families to poverty and even lower quality of life . stop demonizing people who are trying to upscale their quality of life to decent standards that have long been exploited by capitalism for maximum profits .
who cares india must evolve , their old system is flawed , and weird , i think this will open great opportunities for india
hi , here is a link to a panel of indian women from the uk trying to fight for the farmers protest please share and support : <url>
and government doing tatty in godi news
those who support these khalistani blindly must know they killed 20 policemen and injured 374
hyped news .
fake news bbc destroyed iraq , libya , syria , yemen , and now tries on india .
it might be a great thing for farmers but its obvious that their not willing to takr the risk .
shameful misrepresentation of facts , these protesters are hooligans
its is obvious from the headline who sides with who and bbc clearly is not fair and neutral in this case . one false flag operation on jan 26 to label this protest as violent . bbc = cnn = paid news .
bjp activist deep sindhu and their group is responsible for this watch it <url>
these are not protestors , these are vandals . its really interesting that only the rich farmers of punjab have a problem with the new laws . clearly they want to continue to monopolize the agricultural industry of india , and policies to benefit farmers across all states of india is unacceptable to them .
the three farm bills have created fear and unrest . the farmers are fully aware of the implications these bills will have and understand the long term effect it can have on their livelihood and dignity . legal rights taken away : every indian will be affected by this bill , the most unjust imbalance of power . the law gives immunity to all civil servants , central and state governments , or any other person in respect of anything which is in good faith done or intended to be done under this act or of any rules or orders made hereunder . so , acceptance of the bill gives immunity to civil servants against legal action for crimes they have yet to commit ' in good faith ' . indian citizens will be excluded in right to legal recourse . it is very dangerous as it erodes the rights of every citizen . human rights : the treatment of the peaceful protestors has turned into a human rights violation . the bjp government has refused to grant repeal to the laws . they are simply outlining their usefulness . article 19 of indian constitution states freedom of speech and expression . dignity of farmers : farmers should be recognised by who they are and not what they give . farmers can be dying to get out of contract arrangements where they're not given concrete leverage and can be left with little energy to diversify their production . capitalist : contract farming is capital accumulation and exploitation of the farming society . contractors keep prices low to maximise profits . 1998 deregulated indian sugar industry did not improve farmers ' income . pursuit of profit drives corporates more than notion of public interest or democracy . contract farming : this should not be the only option . contract companies are monoculture , reluctant to re-invest back into farming communities ' rural interests . sub-standard commodities can be rejected . payments to farmers can be delayed . food : food will be exported pushing locals to rely on imports . natural seeds will be lost to manufactured products . storage of crop will result in driving food prices up or down , at the mercy of the stakeholders . legal contracts : contracts will be lengthy , costly litigation involved , lands will be leased long term and binding contracts will be difficult to exit . agreements are designed so they do not allow farmers to break out of poverty cycle . infrastructure : deregulated sugar industry did not improve infrastructure . roads at risk of destruction by haulage trucks from urban areas . environment : soils can be degraded , chemicals and excessive use of fertilisers all have negative footprint in a market driven crop . msp : the new bills clearly state that msp is not part of law . recommended resolution : empowering farmers to lead by experimentation , build consensus and make choices rather than embracing contract farming as the only option . farmers can yield trust-worthy results by understanding problems from all prospectives . explore broader ranges and allow leads to more innovative solutions that address underlying factors .
delhi parliament itself needs reforming and modernisation . passing of the 3 farmers bills is testimony of failures in following the rule books of parliament . a handful of people decided the fate of millions without debates and consultations . a bill that is passed under controversial circumstances should not become law . on 20 september 2020 , in parliament the rule book was ignored by the chairman . 1 . the rule book says that if a voice vote is challenged by any member , the chairman must ask for a division . under no circumstances must a chairman ignore this demand . the chairman ignored this demand . 2 . audio and broadcasting was censored in parliament when division was demanded by opposition so the public could not see it . 3 . bjp did not have enough numbers to pass the bill so it rushed it in an undemocratic way . 4 . voice vote is only chosen where 70 percent of members support a bill . this bill did not meet that criteria so voice vote does not apply . however , the chairman decided to go ahead with voice vote and for his ears , it was a yes . voice vote is not recorded so it's open to controversy . 5 . when members stood from their seats , the rule book says that parliament should have been adjourned . the chairman did not adjourn the parliament . he rushed the bill through instead . 6 . opposition requested the bills to be put forward to a select committee . the chairman denied them that opportunity , again against the rule book . 7 . not enough time was given for the bill to run in gujrat as a trial . gujratis have not openly praised the bills . 8 . bjp refused to have a debate on the bills . they rushed them through . 9 . there are 4 ways of voting : voice vote , counting vote , voting recorder or votes by lobbying . the weakest voting method is voice vote . there is no permanent record in voting this way . this bill was rushed through voice votes . this should not have happened . it is the weakness of the chairman and this bill was too important to be treated this way . 10 . eight mp's were suspended from parliament that day . this left the house empty . 15 bills were passed through parliament in the absence of these suspended mp's because the opposition was eliminated . this is not democracy . it is no where near democracy . the pm has a lot to answer for .
i feel that this agriculture reformed bill proposed by gov . needs some changes & amendments to ensure that our most diligent & hardworking farmer brothers get their truly deserving rewards : 1 ) need to define the regulated framework where government will oversee & monitor the contract farming deal presented by private entity . 2 ) government need to formulate the law & create the framework which ensures that farmer should be funded with the promised amount as per the contract . 3 ) if any private company tries to backout from the promised price then need to frame laws to suspend their functioning license . such that way strict laws will protect our hardworking farmer community . farmers were , are & will be the foundational & core asset of indian economy . so need to focus on empowering & prospering our farming community to see the strong economy & growth of india on the global platform . jai jawan jai kisan
this government dont know how to respect them
police are violent for 60 days and left alone and farmers are defamed for fighting for their lives
terrible reporting .
please read the laws they are good for farmers in india
bring yogi to these people . yogi will take picture and make them pay for the damage they did . all the up protesting coming to pay fine monthly in installments . haha
bbc ... was ass is ass will be ass
magistrate v . k singh broke my bone and put me in jail in false case - exhausted all remedies - pray help - amarjit india
first read the farmer bill , then come with ur shitty comments .. half knowledge " " bawli g * * d " " ki tarah hoti hai .. chomu log
if the western media give half as much coverage to these huge protests as the do to tiny protests in russia
bbc is so bias , the never call protests in hong kong violent
bbc is such a disgusting , low-life bunch ... and has no place in the news business .
wow ! farmers are doing it peacefully . i can see that .
plz , interview our pm and ask about employment , economy , curruption , food security and lastly link with ambani n adani . i am sure pm will run as fast as possible becz he can't tolerate the truth .
hypocrisy level of bbc . canadian pm - justin calls indian pm moddi for covid vaccine and india agreed to give it , despite the canadian gov supporting extrimist groups like khalistanis who are trying to divide india . lol . but bbc will not cover that .. <url>
the people who joined that day from other states were mislead by putting barricades at routes meant for rally & few even diverted them purposely to wrong route ..
now punjabis are protesting against electricity crisis but you won't show that bcz rahul gandhi is your 1st hand father .
uttar pradesh subordinate service selection commission ( upsssc ) combined technical service exam 2016 advt no 23 - exam / 2016 kab hoga exam ...
ravish sir main najafgarh delhi me rahta hu aaj main apni car se dwarka sector 8 nexa service center se apne ghar ki taraf aa rha tha , raste me red light padi , right hand side aur straight ki green light hone k baad hi main right hand side muda , traffic police wale right hand side me 300 meter dur khade the mere aagye 3 car thi jo right hand side mudi thi , 3 traffic police walo me se ek ne mujhe hath diya rukne ka maine car roki , uske baad traffic police wale ne mujhse mera driving licence manga aur machine me lga diya bola k red light jump ki hai tumne , maine koi red light jump nhi ki thi , mujhe unhone daraya k 45 din k liye tumhara license suspend ho jayega , main bolta rha k maine green light hone k baad hi muda tha sir , jabardasti mera challan kaat rhe the , phir maine bola sir please chhod do maine green signal hone k baad hi chalai thi wo nhi maane , unko dikha bhi nhi hoga sir k main kb nikla kyonki right hand side se waise bhi kuchh nhi dikhta upr se 300 meter dur the , end me ek ne mere wallet me se 500 ka note le liya aur bola ab ja , mujhe bhut dukh hua sir itni mehnat krk main paise kamata hu bahut rona aaya sir , bina kisi galti k paise le liye mere . aap hi btao sir kon respect krega police walo ki . ye ghatna jahan hui wo delhi ka dwarka sector 14 tha vages mall k pas .
yogendra yadav top farmer and middle man of the year 2021 without owning a farm and getting money from china
what kind of billionaire u r just bhikari billionaire
this channel will be the great in the world because you are true media thank you
cerry on ravish kumar ji ... god bless you
atleast ndtv is conveying true news
they thought that govt will wind them up and make that place into a jail ?
sabse bade business h government
thanks ravish sir .
farmers are backbone of bharat , bharata is not backbone of 14 crore farmers when farmers are happy bharata will be happy farmers does not want lip sympathy , or counselling , that will not satisfy their basic living . treat farmers as government servants and pay minimum salary to farmers . farmers are not bothered that bjp bharata paid ten lakh crore as m . s . p in six years that is 1.66 lakh crores.per year to bharat farmers . farmers are not interested what you spent . that is only 6 % of farm production of farm production . what about balance 94 % of farm production , farmers wants m . s . p applicable to 100 % farmers please look into welfare of 14 crore families of farmers which numbers 60 crores of population if 60 crores members of farmers are happy government will be happy , traders , coolies , middle persons , logistics are dependent at the cost of farmers farmers think individual income as on today condition request , must and should fix minimum selling price for paddy at rs . 3002 / as calculated by punjab agriculture university . which is a scientific value . , today sensex is 47,000 . when sensex rises why grocery rate of farmers when every one fixes the selling price like car manufactures fixes rate why government fixes scientific rate calculated by cost accountant supported by scientists government should not enter in procurement . for pds buy at rate fixed by government , please do not ask farmers to sell wherever who pays highest . please fix scientific minimum selling price . for example paddy rs . 3002 / quintal , no bharatiya should not sell below m . s . p . for example paddy rs . 3002 / quintal calculated by scientific , i . c . w . a cost accountants think of development . please take administrative reforms . implement immediately , farmers do not want counselling . thank you for best thinking of future india . we cannot make india as " rama rajya " . india is " bhima rajya " . please at any cost do not experiment on poor farmers of bharata . farmers are not interested in any subsidies . farmers want not minimum support price . but farmers want minimum sale price , chandigarh , may 8 , 2020 . " punjab chief minister amarinder singh , chandigarh , on may 8 , 2020 , . friday urged prime minister narendra modi to declare msp of rs 2,902 per quintal for paddy , along with rs 100 per quintal incentive bonus to check stubble burning . in a letter to prime minister , amarinder said the state has already written to ministry of agriculture recommending a minimum support price ( msp ) of rs 2,902 per quintal for paddy , as calculated by the punjab agriculture university , as against last year's msp of rs 1,835 per quintal . and also passed legislation . further punjab government passed legislation " imprisonment for selling and buying , below m .. s . p . " hence there will be no affect on exchequer " sri naveen patnaik had demanded m . s . p of paddy rs . 2930 . / quintal in 2019 , our government did not allow . , humbly submits and request your excellency to recommend to implement immediately the minimum support price rs . 3002 / quintal for 2020-21 , so all famers of bharat should get minimum selling price for 100 % farm production . no burden to the exchequer by up dating m . s . p . of paddy to rs 3002 / quintal @ @ waiting for promulgation ordinance as above
bhai phle act padh to lo ...
i don't understand why the police don't automatically intervene to ask for the card from each person in question more than that in each person must have a card i don't understand why and for
you had to understand that this is not how a farmer brought from pakistan or maybe you can bring from somewhere else i don't understand why the police don't intervene they ask for a card why they don't ask for a card for each person i don't understand why every person needs to ask for a card to have id and i don't understand why he doesn't ask
more than that keep in mind that i finished psychology in crime and anyway i will not read just like that everyone who wakes up with my head not that i know what it means on each person so he can say anything
like , veer-zaara , story for jrntr sir , in youtube , type , kondeti productions
i am yr supporter but use to see that u ( not yr channel ) use to expose modiji in negative direction . i hv never seen u that u r admiring any work of modi whereas this agri bill is passed on long awaited demand of opposition . u know kejriwal has passed the same bill earlier . today one farmer died in chhatisharh . pl be positive . modiji is the best n daring pm since . independence .
india will be in 27 prices
the voice of the voiceless : ravish kumar sir !
ravish kumar is great , a real hamdard of the farmers
very wrong lecture by mr . modi bad on the part of a p . m .
ravish sir you are great
ravish ji
i studied and learned in school , " in democracy citizens are the owner and they make laws to send representatives in parliament "
ravish is no more a journalist but king of anarchy . why are people of delhi put to trouble by these unnecessary protests in the time of pandemic ? ravish should reply .
having respect for farmers pray for their family don't loss hope and most probably don't worry " vikas " will absolutely comes in future and as compared with british east india company even they don't show this types cruelty .. firstly what a shameful act done by govt without any trial ( don't even think of what will effect goes off will ) secondly govt not even ready to listen who belongs from one of pillar of backbone of our economic era .
very good work . please try to make video on how indian mandis work right from buying crops from farmer to selling of items to end consumers . and how this huge differences in rates of items arises between these two points .
brothers and sisters this is the time . ignore these political liars ab tak desh ko luta hi gaya ha .
beautifully explained
we support farmers
modi ji have always done work for the benefit of farmers and this time also he will bring a solution to this . aisahi desh ka pradhan mantri nahi bana hai . logo ka biswas kuch to jarur hoga .
sir we are waiting to see u in the field with farmers covering their protest .
this is called real journalism . not barking like arnab .
tabhi bolte h ki education jaruri hoti h aab anpad kisano ko law ki kya samagh . this is so sad and stupid at the same time
thuk
once in your life you need a doctor , a lawyer , a policeman , and a preacher . but every day , three times a day , you need a farmer
bjp does not deserve to be in power anymore
literally getting goosebumps . this is my nation and this is our culture.what a spirit . i was biggest fan of sachin from childhood but i don't care now.you people are my real idol.we got independence from british due to selfless sacrifice of thousands and we would have got it earlier if boot licking celebrities didn't exist that time.jai kishan
no farmers no food
this is real and true ground reportingthumbs up to lallantop team.jai kissan .
good documentary but i still dont understand what is in this kisan bill and how is it good or bad for kisan and for general public
* this is very important fight between hardworking farmers and corrupt crony government , whole india are with farmers . 2022 is deciding year for this fight when bjp will loose every state election . *
what a piece of mastery rajat sain <user> . please continue this work . this is white journalism . ( if any such thing exists ) but you got the message .
ye kaise documentary hai ... completely biased , nothing mentioned about 26 th jan , and many other events burnt man alive r * * e happend since last 3-4 months ... yes wo kisan andolan nai tha right , paid news channel ... ! about langar , charity , this need to be appreciated bt rest all bakwwas ... dikhna h sb dikhao na ... news channel cant be biased ...
of course , farmers had to be perfect in food prep . loved the langar system . more power to you !
lallantop stolen heart
watching this after 6 months it's been now like - khatam , tata bye bye
great work
ye bill pass hona hi chahiye ye tatte ku ... tte free me khana chahta hai sab
this is the greatest bhagat singh's army
useless protest they are talking previous law are best so they r saying formers r richest in india chutiyas
thanks the lallantop
background song name - mirzeya - harp farmer picture
hath se bani roti ka swad hi kuch aur honda he ...
thanks lallannn top , the best channel . please dont become a goddi media please .
t r p ,
punjabis are very modern my sister is a bengali and shes happily married with a sardar :)
no service class population then no tax so no development . no service class population then no demand for food and goods . farmers are saying they gave us food but we give them money in return as well hence no need to make it sentimental . farmers want to fight against bill then fight but rest of the population of this country in not in their debt . everybody is contributing to nation hence saying farmers are at top of pyramid of this nation is wrong .
we stand with our farmers
this man gives real ground report till now ... hats off you boi
what about 26th january event where india was ashamed by these middlemen ... ?
i also want to join farmers protest
proud ! feed the world ...
being indian nepali i can say you that sikh is the community that all nepali's respect deeply ... and both these communities is hardworking , in the armed forces in huge quantity and open minded , great dressing sense . to all punjabi sisters and brothers thanks for liking nepalis and yes we support you
respect all farmer #nofarmer #nofood
my favourite channel for a reason thank you <user> lallantop for such a beautiful & honest video
agitation is still in full swing
agent of congress and communist
they are coming
farmers are not fizzling out . they have gone to do their pending agricultural work . again they will be back shortly . they have already told this to media . so , don't narrate some nonsense . modi and bjp will be fucked and booted out of power .. in any case they will not be seen in power after 2024 elections
oh god protect our farmets shower them with strength and will power.bless them jai jawan jai kissan
for msp there could be simple solution , pass it to consumer . , let them pay minimum amount e . g customer should pay rs 40 minimum for 1kg of wheat irrespective of its quality
they too have family and other things have to do why degrade this great protest indian ever seen support farmers for my better india
kisan ekta zindabad .. but the thing is leaders such as rakesh tikait are now doing politics instead of talking to govt . regarding these farm laws
no worries . india is a superpower and indians are the smartest people in the world . indians can solve anything . the farmers can protest all they want until their food run out . problem solved .
paid dogs mob gone only innocent people remain thinking what prayashchit to do for the sin against the mother country .
both farmer and government were wrong ! ! !
wendy only sikhs are protesting ... kya aur koi farmer nhi hai bharat me
india loves to kiss french , american , and israeli corporation's asses . its like the east india company all over again !
its not going to end , you fools in the bjp . how much money are these bastards in the current bjp stealing ? suit yourselves . you are going to turn india into the congo . love from pakistan !
now modi is selling visag steel plant , lic , ongc , indian oil and some govt properties . in comming years ram mainder for sale to ambani or adani
right now all the farmer leader are trying to make their image so big so that they can have an upper hand in negotiations . since govt have slapped cases to most of the leader . the way of this agitation is lost .
god bless you abundance , government one day definitely accepts your demands
god bless you my dear farmers
sparks at corner , flames down entire statue
petrol price please ? has the govt built 100 smart cities ? where is the bullet train ? when m i getting 15lakhs in my account ? where the swiz bank black account punished ? what did govt did with the return of black money ? is govt providing 2croces of job every year ? what happened to make in india initiative ? why skill india became kill india ? why is gdp - 23 ( minus 23 ) how many countries have invested in india ? what happened to farmers , why r they protesting ? did we bring back poker and cok ? will now china leave assam to us ? how many new universities , colleges , schools , govt hospitals , railway track were brought into existence ? what happened to bsnl ? where is bjp chor vijay malya , that gujarathi merchant nirav modi were they punished ? what is indian rupee value in world ? did petrol price come down ? have the roads been developed ? how many new roads were built by bjp ? did indian defense improve ? can india now dare to challenge china and beat pakistan and china ? answer is a big no no ... what bjp did ? destroyed india more than china and pakistan could to get do ... shamless bjp
fake farmers are not getting paid well now
they finall came to know that they are being fooled by international celebrities
only tent house owners are there and waiting for their tent charges .
such so called protest weakens the nation . seems only 2 indian states hv farmers
" poverty has many causes , but the main cause is ignorance . " . thank god , my father a poor man , educated me enough that we know what's good for us and whatnot . hopefully , these farmers ' also teach their kids . inko koi bhi befkoof bana sakta h .
from the aspect of negotiations , there is a saying that : " if both the negotiating parties are dealing in absolutes , there can no or proper fruitful positive outcome from the negotiations point of view " . too much cold or too much hot is not good in anything . little warming up of relationships or warm / cordial relations between the protesting farmers and the union govt of india maybe required to ease up tensions between the both the stakeholders .
lol these goondas calling themselves farmers and their political supporters have been exposed .
false news
what is toolkit is anybody research about it it is just like a public post but govt and rss terrorists make it as natioanl secret for hiding petrol price has price gdp and farmers issues this is what happening
stop lies . all these are fake news
real protest will not stop ... the incoming foreign money is getting tracked . people who attacked indian flag are not farmers !
meghalaya cuts fuel tax after protest fuel taxis is very high 65 present
how is it possible to produce useful idiots only in india . many of the farmers forefathers joined british army at the urging of mohandas gandhi in world war one and two . many of them died and lakhs were injured during the two wars that carved out the state of israel . yet in the allied victory parade in europe not a single indian soldier was recognized for his contribution to allied victory . now the same strings are pulled to attract farmers with a different kind of agenda .
bunch of idiots ... suppressing farmers protest ... suppressing farmers income they will finally sell their land to corporate and corporate will fix inflation of rice / kg to 10k some idiots are not supporting farmers protest , same on them
no more free italian pizza , royal stag wishky .
ndtv double voice thin and new strategy
the real toolkit is the instruments like " assam nrc list " created at the very behest of retd.chief justice ranjan gogoi . indians will be making almost 2 million indian citizens stateless . in a fascist state , it captures judiciary and also tries to control freedom of press . the proliferation of godi media is the other propaganda machinery of the indian fascist design .
no man it's not fizzling out it's expanding day by day
how to spot an andh bhakta the andh bhaktas are dumb and vicious and they suffer from obsessive compulsive disorder . please ignore them . the poor beggars are just trying to make a living by making silly and dirty comments @ rs 2 per comment .
decentralization of the movement . very good strategy . keep it up . we are with you .
ndtv has the new strategy tool kit from soros ? ? ?
becoming obvious farmers are being used by antinational forces . jai kisan may change to something less . honor once gone cannot be regained .
stop supplying the essential commodities to delhi
farmer new strategy ? ? wow ... carry on ...
<user> : 55 the roads to borders remain sealed by police , theyre not letting new protesters or food into the borders ! democracy stopping protests loo
don't listen to this channel people .. godi media . the protest is bigger than before .
petrol price 90 / - gas 900 / - onion 80 / - bjp failed
because all farmers now get to know that khalistani used them for their personal agenda . that's why farmers r now leaving the protest site . now only salaried protesters r still there . they r getting paid on daily basis .
nothing more than arsonist . they are producing not for free but for money .
new toolkit made .. the puppets follow .
ghazipur is thinned , singhu is about the same , tikri is more than before . what you are seeing is people from surrounding areas and delhi are fewer because of the gov blockade .
idiots . think of how to take advantage aid the new laws
they are not farmers only agents and paid to do andolan
from punjab , har village te 15 log border pr jate hain according to their turn and there are 13000 villages in punjab ...
this was never a farmers protest things are clear & would be clearer as the days pass .
pls contribute to farmer protest with or or or . humaare bichare kisaan
modi it cell weekly propaganda toolkit ( dynamic ): 1 . pick up history plot dots ( here its khalistan in indira times ) 2 . climate criticism by young ( to reverse blame uttarakhand critics ) 3 . farmersprotest ( reverse failed talks ) 4 . stop youtube news trending section . join them , find the weakest ( women , old , gen-z ) prey which has all of above , arrest , scare and fake news all over ! next week hunt for next prey with next set of combination else continue current .
nice reporting
as flow of liquor & money dwindles ... !
did ndtv suggest other strategies to the farmers ?
these farmers going to pakistan for farming ... modi ji must have to revoke there visas ... so they didn't return to india for protest . andhbhakt association , nagpur proud student of whatsapp university .
its good to take turn . smart farmers great stratagy . this way protest can be prolonged for years , till modi n mota bhai are forced to bend down on knees .
this is their strategy ! and good that onlookers and outside crowd has stopped coming .
private players should buy their crops to boost confidence in farmers across india like fcas in maharashtra ..
people ! ! why do you think there are no farmers protest outside delhi belt ? this is a total political protest with little innocent agitated farmers inbetween .
pointless protest so much inconvenience caused to motor vehicle ... they should leave
an inch ahead of modi , bjp's success
i salute to every those people who supports to our kissan .. i proud on our kissan .. jai jawan jai kissan
its so sad to see that such a big expressway 14 lane has been blocked for traffic completely . this is causing a loss of crores everyday . we need to think that for the sake of protests , can we block such big highways indefinitely ? please clear the roads so that there is a smooth flow of traffic .
spread the toolkit or follow the instructions in it this is what hurts govt most
do you live with the protesters ndtv ? ? ? stop spreading fake news .
they are not losing any steam , they are farmers and will be respected and given importance at every point in time . they just realised the truth behind this so called protest and hence made a wise decision to give these farm laws an opportunity and see the possible benefits & ultimately decided to leave and continue with their lives .
download our app - <url> follow dr gaurav garg on facebook - <url> follow dr gaurav garg on instagram - <url> join dr gaurav garg's telegram channel - <url> follow dr mahipal rathore on instagram - <url> follow dr mahipal rathore on facebook - <url> follow prashant mavani on facebook : <url> follow ankit agrawal on twitter : <url> follow ankit agrawal on facebook : <url> follow ankit agrawal on instagram : <url>
very well explained sir . thank you so much for the contribution and valuable information you have given to us
now he is also sanghi ?
dalle news wale inke hisaab se toh olympic medal bhi modi leke aya hai kutti ke bacche news wale
ye to rajneeti pahchan ke liye ho raha tha ... aur totally congress ke sah aur funding se hi tha ...
fake news
farmers are stain on india ... full masses not contributing any thing significant in gdp ... not willing to change according to time ... have a very parochial mindset ... i think the mindset of country should change ... jai jawan , jai jawan .
like chadhuni , kakka and yogender yadav are also not farmers and why they are befooling the farmers . one agenda - anti bjp
gumnam singh has taken right decision because only punjab and haryana farmers raised andolan of kisan for msp . first rakesh docoit praised the farmers bill and met yogi and congratulated him for farmer bill's being his farmer bill's . after a month he joined punjab and haryana kisan mocha . at that time punjab and haryana leader should not entertain him . they allowed him and rakesh hijacked this andolan in his favour and took heavy money from congress , samajbadi party , app party and tmc and left and took the media coverage . now punjab and hariyana farmer leaders should beat him and throw him out of gajipur border . rakesh tikayat has taken thirty crores from political parties to run this andolan till end of punjab , uttarpradesh , other states elections to be held in 2022 to defeat bjp . he has no intention against farm bill and msp . he has political ambition to go to rajyasava .
jai sher ram
this is not farmers protest is protest of dallal
chaduni repost hai
we are in its starting saying that this is not a kisanon andolan but it is a purely political agenda planned by cong and other opposition parties
they're not kisan they ` re all basterds
they are not farmers
these are not farmer , but these are politician
which the bloody hell khatar
need dismissed all police department , who this attacked on farmers
i will protect the farmers ...
this is totally wrong . how can police do this
we know kisaan are waiting for a long time
where are stones on road ?
haryana cm ke hatth me kuch nae hai sab central govt ki harkate hai . modi and amit shah are responsible for all these .
totally falsified news
police ke uper sab patthar hi maarte hai jhoothe
bjp jjp modi chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor chor
is there any picture of the farmers throwing rocks modi has made his kutte a biggest liar
i support kishan
abp news is media shame on abp news
these tv channels are puppets of modi and amit shah .
why is this still active ?
ye news reporter mze le rhi h
huge support to farmers
farmers can clean the roads of delhi . or help poor people , help in cleaning gutters
wow that s mansoo . andolan . plzz sit on road for thousand years . even if bjp or congress govt come . kisan are all corrupted . backed by khalistanis no more jai kisan . jai to all indians bharat mata ki jai jai shree krishna
tikat election .. batio
government should not even give a single rupees to these mandi walas . no public will support broker middleman
worst channel and worst anchor ... shame on u and your education ... anchor
abp news is terrorist media it is all indian national tv is very bad
yeh wasi hee hai jasa 15 lakh tha 2 coror job ... petrol 35 liter
you are an anchor of a news channel but you are discouraging the morales of the farmer union leaders in a live debate . you turtore more than conducting the q & a session as if you are a spoke person of bjp . how much money did bjp pay you to conduct a session like this ? ? pls maintain the minimum respect of journalism . if you do not know how to conduct these sessions , pls learn it from your seniors ! !
yadav hi clear to bold rahe hai mantri ji . investing in infera structure . which not belong to farming .
zee news india ka sab se jutha news chenal hai
jay kisan boycott zee news
narendar modi is a traitor . kuldu singh is narendar modi's agent . both are part of the american mafia disguised as a pro-indian nationalists . amit shah , narendar modi , ambani and adani are part of the american mafia to reduce world population so that a small number of americans and other elites from other parts of the world can have the whole earth for themselves and not 8 to 10 billion people . these people believe that populations have to be reduced so that the americans elite can continue to dominate earth for thousand of years to come . they fear the indian population will take over the world as the largest community . both modi , amit shah , adani and ambani are part of this grand plan . covid 19 is part of this plan . ask narendar modi and amit shah to give their lives to save india . bhindranwale fought and died to stop indira gandhi from selling over not only punjab but the whole of bharat ma to the kgb . most pro-bjp indian politicians are traitors to india . sikh have always been saviours to the indian cause . first fighting against moghuls , british , chinese , pakistanis and all terrorist elements . sikhs has sacrified highest number of lives for the cause of india . any bastardic leader from bjp or any other party who talks of hindutva is a traitor . if not for sikhs , gurus of sikhs , maharaja ranjit singh and even sant jarnail singh bhindranwale who made north indian hindu communities realise that the sikhs can be downtrodden , india would never be a united and sovereign nation . it is narendar modi , amit shah who are destroying the fabrics of unity of secular india . jai hind . jai bharath ma . jai kissan , jai mazdoor jai jawan , jai hindustan .
please speak on shanta kumar report which says procurement of grains should be stopped from punjab , haryana , western up etc and should be done only in eastern states , secondly as per doha round of wto us , canada , eu etc are pushing india to restrict procurement and stocking to service pds i . e . 40 % of population whereas food security act envisages stocks for 70 % of population , thirdly what happened in bihar after private procurement was introduced and public apmc were abolished and what happened to apple growers in himachal after corporate buyers monopolised procurement , lastly pepsi has large contract farming for potato in punjab and issues and difficulties and corruption in procurement where in 10 years price has increased from 5 to 8 per kg but input costs have increased manifold during this time . just giving political twist does not help farmers cause , the public at large cannot be swayed only on political and emotional appeal , the facts and issues and reasoning behind agitation has to be brought forward , if people know details on what is at stakes and what farmer stand to lose by these 3 laws ...
high treason ! all of them are starving children ! wow death sentence or death penalty is a punishment sanctioned by the state , where the person is killed for committing the offence . the act of carrying out such a sentence is known as an execution . includes causes of death : hanging listen ); born 17 september 1950 ) is an indian politician serving as the 14th and current prime minister of india since 2014 . he was the chief minister of gujarat from 2001 to 2014 and is the member of parliament for varanasi .
these are not farmers . these are politically motivated campaign which also has interests of middleman .
these are all khalistani
ye sab political parties ke workers ha . farmer's are busy in their fields
zee news = bjp news
real farmers are struggling in field due to monsoon rain , flood etc . these people are political leaders who are in opposite group and want to do violence .
kishaan is immune to corona virus .
your headline is wrong , it should be -
they are not farmers , lootera farmers of india , we saw what you did at 26th january .
jai shree ram
why supreme court is silent on kisan andolan . is kisan bill right or wrong .
trp k lye live dikha rhe ho .. sharm kro zee news
* the police should be withdrawn as the cm of delhi allowed it . when these idiots riot , let the delhi cm face them and the consequences . * * why is the police made the scape goat * * delhi police should not tolerate the shit created by delhi cm *
love you india our beloved secular nation .
this head weight govt shameless in not letting the people n nation take a breath n come to normal living . with corona pandemic everyone got impacted with jobs loss , loss of their loved ones and increasing cost of living but still govts n netas taking idiotic decisions n busy with dirty politics . shameless supporters wake up india .
please speak on shanta kumar report which says procurement of grains should be stopped from punjab , haryana , western up etc and should be done only in eastern states , secondly as per doha round of wto us , canada , eu etc are pushing india to restrict procurement and stocking to service pds i . e . 40 % of population whereas food security act envisages stocks for 70 % of population , thirdly what happened in bihar after private procurement was introduced and public apmc were abolished and what happened to apple growers in himachal after corporate buyers monopolised procurement , lastly pepsi has large contract farming for potato in punjab and issues and difficulties and corruption in procurement where in 10 years price has increased from 5 to 8 per kg but input costs have increased manifold during this time . just giving political twist does not help farmers cause , the public at large cannot be swayed only on political and emotional appeal , the facts and issues and reasoning behind agitation has to be brought forward , if people know details on what is at stakes and what farmer stand to lose by these 3 laws ...
no support to broker middleman mandi walas
huge support to farmers
gaddar of india
jai kissan jai jawan . the government are not going to use covid ( which is serious failure ) as an excuse to brush away their demands . stand on sarkars neck keep going do not back down an inch
don't encourage them to use tractor but suggest them to tone down their demands so that solution can be reached without any delay
i support government of india for all the law and regulations implement by them to make india a better place . strict action needed to make country better .
this peasant movement will go down in history as a new trendsetter and will serve as a harbinger of a new era . the indian farmers have now shown what they are capable of . now let the workers and farmers of this and other countries must carry forward the struggle .
ms . shirin ji , when modi and other political parties conducted election rallies , roadshows during west bengal assembly elections no one followed covid - 19 norms like no mask , no social distancing right ? did you you your news channel opposed / pointed out the violations done by political rallies , roadshows ? how much truth your channel is showing to general public ?
protests in pandemic should be illegal .
we support farmers
no support to these broker middleman mandi walas
1.they are not farmers 2.why only farmers from punjab are in this protest against the farm laws and not from other states ? 3.they threw down the national flag during the republic day and they expect justice from this nation . you can't expect justice from a nation whose flags you burn down everyday . ! ! ! 4.entire india knows that khalistani elements have entered the protest . i too supported peaceful protest but i will not allow anybody to insult our national flag . enough is enough . this is no more a farmers protest
support farmers for your own food in future
this is political movement .. u can only see red flags no real farmers present .
farmer's is the future of my country no any politicians people mainly modi kissan majdoor ekta zindabaad
great movement for rights
don't beg modi for your rights make your own free n fair kisan desh for punjab haryana up n rajasthan . kisan rocket launcher force .
first farmers threw stones on police and then police did what it should do
we stand with modi government unnecessary agitation by farmers when farm bill is already postponed for 2 years by court , and bills are in favour of farmers only rakesh tikait & yogendra yadav are political wolves using innocent farmer's .
time to boycott bjpright now ... many events we have seen in recent years where bjp shaded blood and protected criminals .. muslim agenda to gain hindu votes .. it cell of bjp doing great in brainwashing people's perspective .. bjp has polarised the country , sold the country , made young generation jobless , poor people starved in lockdown while bjp raised money in lockdown .. they are making laws to gain control over judiciary too so that their criminal activities can be nullified . this much of disorder i have never seen in decades . . this time don't go for bjp . save your country
we are farmers . our brothers r on boarder . if we can sacrifice them for nation then imagine what we can do for our rights . my 3 cousins r in army n soon i will join to n it really breaks my heart when people call us anti national or congress supporters . its heartbreaking ..
we support farmers
reporting vultures are here ..
no farmer no food no future
where is our slogan : jai jawan jai kisaan . when kisan is injured how jawan become strong to save our india . really too bad incident happened due to politics . both are two eyes of india .. so supreme court should take action on those culprits who lati charged on old people .. kisaan is back bone of our india.when the kisaan is strong india will be safe and cool . jai hind
i stand with farmerprotest
bahot ache
#arrestsdmayushsinha #kisanmurderer_ayushsinha #khattar_newgeneraldyer sdm must be booked under murder charges action should be taken on all the police personals involvedsdm ayush sinha ordered police to break farmershead with bricks and lathis #revoke3farmersbill2020
shame on bjp #fascists #inhuman #heartless #dirtyselfishpoliticians #withdrawall3farmersbills2020 #farmersbills2020raddkaro immediately unconditionally no compromise / no negotiation #bjpkilleddemocracy #bjphataodeshbachao #jaikissan #kissanektazindabad #proud of our farmers more power to you our bravos #westandwithfarmers #farmerslifematters #nofarmernofoodnolife
shame on police shame on shame on
good job officers ...
same on haryana government
very bad government modi
first female farmer leader mia khalifa
congress ka raaj hota to abb tak tum mar chuke hote
how narrative is created ? ? 1.sikh and muslim can block road for year .. but police cannot thrash them .. 2 . kishan are those sikh and muslim from punjab and haryana .. thy r same sikh who r running away from afaganistan .. no road blockade in afgsnistan taliban love kisan
bbc anti national news channel police doing his job
i support this officer good job
bbc news fack news chenal hai
why is the world silent on this ? government police forces attacking unarmed civilian protesters !
so horrible
police gardaar hai shame police walo par
no suspension . he must be sent to jail for conspiring and attempt to mass murder
aaj tak modi media , purchased by modi to shoot only that type of news whose given more powerful image about modi
in pr lathi charge nhi talwar charge hona chahiye ...
first the fake farmers create trouble , then they start crying ! !
nice farmers
thef bjp
pls.encounter all these broker middleman mandi walas so called farmers protesting with opposition funf
zee news slave of bjp
it's bjp doing in perpous
fact : no farmer is protesting only biryani gang is active ...
why dont we quit these news channels and unsubscribe on our tv and drop their trp
no support to broker middleman mandi walas . real farmers benefits from this bill without interruption of middleman commission .
salo pr blast krwa de government to acha h
farmer doing great work
encounter all these broker mandi walas . atleast real farmers will earn peacefully without giving commission
bjp government has destroyed indian economy including small businesses , farmers , middle class and so on . democratic institutions are getting destroyed while feku sleeps with adani .
jb pta h wo sensitive area h to wha police ne unko allow kyo kiya
why only zee news covered this news
no kisan behaves like this these are dangai , crooks , criminals ... disgusting people .
jhooth bolata hai channel
action le sarkar
ye dakait and chor hai
what this bjp workers are doing in protest sites ?
upsssc modification link ki mang
rakesh tikiat needs to be the prime minister of india
aaj tak is highly biased
let's spam for our farmers in delhi
lucknow nhi ae ap
ye or kuch nahi election ldega
lucknow nhi jarhey ?
' ' " " " ' let's pray for those children who doesn't have their parents they are real legend , , ,
nice photo
the aim of attankbadi rakesh tokai and his friends lutian secular jihadi and unfortunate elements are to defame disturb people of bjp states and central government .
in last 30-40 years , bulls population has been decimated due to tractor and other fast machines . now all are busy fast machines save time .. le le time ... farmer means people who love nandi . kisanon ne to nandi ko ghar se bahar nikal diya .. chalaa le tractor . stupid people don't know about depreciation , maintanence cost , carbon emission ...
so sweet and innocent farmers kisi ki bhi baato me aakar aa gye . aur tum sab bhi niche comment krne balo innocent mind
come on how shameless can you be zee news ! ! !
we supports sikhs
sikhs for justice and owasi brothers are part of bjps team to divide and polarise indians for electoral benefits .
its time to put sticks in right places !
farmers first
we are with indian govt . ... take strict steps
comedy
u guys are puppets of modi
all these are happening because of corrupt infrastructure that had been made by corrupt politicians , why constitution acts were not made on right to equality bases , why special privelages was been given in constitution act like reservation of backward class , st class , minority commission , sachhar commission . all these deformities has given rise to corrupt politicians , corrupt flow of election etc , due to all these factor democracy is declining , future is not bright for democracy if it is not corrected today , other factor is over population that causing unemployment , why laws were made on religious bases , why laws wrere not made on one law one nation bases , today literacy rate is increasing and frequent more andolens of right and wrong people could be seen in near future and the reason is errors in the constitution act made by corrupt politicians , why the constitution we're not made on fundamental bases that cannot get changed by any politicians , there should be no power to any politicians to give special privelages to any religion , caste or tribe as we will see more conflict on these issues in near future as the govt will become helpless to give employment to all citizen due to over population , if we see who are responsible for the cause of over population then we will examine that muslims and backward class are the main cause and the govt had given them special privelages in the name of reservation , now unemployment is increasing on every class so situations will become more worse day by day . corruption has now touching the top and in my opinion the task has become too difficult for every govt unless and until a govt do not take very strong action on all these issues without seeing their own future within their 5 years period , one emergency is more required to correct the deformities for good purpose , and every indian should see its result in a positive way , i don't know who will do this revolution only a courageous and honest can do this in my opinion
she news
she news
dangerous hote he ye chamche party desh ke lie
shame on u sale chatukaar chmche ! ! !
jumla and joot band karo , pengasus per enquiry karawoo . save india from bjp .
enough is enough arrest all andolan kari
alert all deshbakta , draw all deshdrohi pic when they are insulting our flag destroying public property
modiji you should must take strict action against sikh for justice and rakesh tiket .
attack this internal ememy with artillary fire .. 
   .
when i want to laugh i watch godi media shit joker media . kisan ekta zindabad
good work by police to end this endless drama for farmer protest
well done haryana police keep it up
chudwa rhe ho chodi media . tum chudwate hue thakte kyu nhi ho . kaunsa tonic lete ho .
godi abp ... shame on your journalism too .
indian government same
finally
taliban also beat up people who oppose their ideology .
it's .. really shame ... lathicharge for protesting in democracy is not allowed at all
inhone pehle pathar mare police ko ... woh bhi dikhao ... shi kiya police ne ... good work ... unnecssary giving importance to farmers ... importance should give to other occupations equally
absolutely good action did by police
pre planned lathi charge tha ... kuch control nahi kiya
are starting inki todni chaiye thi ..
sahe hua ! ! .. yeh toh pta na kaun hai ... cause farmers never blocks the road nd creates problem ...
librandus and muslim donot want to go to afganistan .. thy are working on project to convert bharat into afganistan ..
lgta h iss bar bina video doctored kiye hue ho ni paya inse .. aadat ni rhi na , ground se report krne ki ... no reason for the incident mentioned throughout their reporting *
shame on the indian government the police and godi media
sold out media . won't last long .
fake media will get their rewards soon ..
shame on haryana govt
shame on haryana police
in farzi kishano k saath yhi hona chahiye
jai kissan , bastards raised hands against farmers who were trying to stop ruling party leaders . is police bjp assets .
why farmers are not allowing bjp to do panchayat ? it's farmers fault . don't blame police n bjp for the sake of blaming .
comment section mein bhi pitayi honi chahiye chumtiyonko ..
koe kaam nahi ha en ko bas na jeena ha na jeene dena ha ... aap log ghar kao and pl let us all live ... don't be part of this worst politics .
these protests are funded by congress and khalistanis ...
government should take harsh steps to stop this nonsense going on ...
what is the problem with new farm law please explain correctly ? ? because i know the law i didnt find any issue with the law
since for several months the farmers are struggling like anything . the farm laws which are against the farmers should be cancelled immediately by the present bjp ruling government which farm laws are raised by the present bjp government . actually the farmers are not only protesting for their benefits but for the benefits of entire nation .
farmers protest have been one of the major spreader of coronavirus in delhi .. media doesnt cover it since it doesnt fit their narrative ..
if government care about their people just they should drop this farm bill's it's dangerous for farmers to gather at one place but still they have to at least government can drop bill's if not msp so hundreds and thousands of farmers could've been saved so people could keep getting food for them in small price's
why are y'all so negative in the comment sections ? can you at least show some respect towards our brothers & sisters standing up for us in punjab . the whole country is collapsing meanwhile you all have time to talk about " oh who are they going to blame " or " they lost " . are you really that oblivious . you can't claim being a " punjabi " or " sikh " or even " indian " , if you're going to sit here and allow our rights being stollen from us . it's less then a 5 % that most farmers protesting even got the corona virus , it's most of y'all that are silent , not doing nothing for your people . anyways etkta zindabad .
pls encounter and kill all these broker mandi agents then let farmers live peacefully
bjp will be banished in 2024 for sure
don't they see covid
where is reporter ajit anjuman is . not seen any u tube videos from him for a long time
both rapists were bjp supporters . both of them were planted by amit shah in farmers protest and both were hindus . girl's father blamed delhi police . delhi police filed case on victim's friends and witness . remember what bjp is doing since day 1 of protest . they killed a guy whose body was found some days back . they attacked women tents on 29 january and delhi police was helping them . these rss terrorists are going out of control . strict action must be taken against them .
you are as responsible <user> give coverage to the rape at farmers protesting camp
shoot those vultures they are not real farmers they are blood suckers of farmers
i support farmers.but this is a suicide mission
when kumbh mela , liberls : see the drasting increase in covid cases when farmers : please stay safe , we are with you .. another level of hypocrisy
india is burning people are dying
repeal t bills indian govt
please stop now is not the time to protest , india is suffering please stop
the whole country is suffering from corona people are dying every hour the medical system is about to collapse social distancing has been ignored and people are gathering in huge numbers when will people understand the reality of the virus
wow thats the only thing we need now .
the farmers wanted to utilize the difficult corona situation in india . it is not justifiable .
covid waiting for your arrival at delhi border .
bros sister . all of you.know what's covid 19 . spreading like the ray of the sun.if you don't to safe.let people surrounding you safe.later you people are going to suffer.blief your religion.god never make mistake . we human make mistake .
the whole thing is of new school idea vs old school idea .. both r right and both wrong in own place
repeal black farmers law
brothers do protest when circumstances are in control . this govt doesnt care abt u
withdraw the dark laws , and send them back to their homes !
havent they done enough , what have they achieved ? whos responsible for their deaths ? dirty politics in a time where we need to show solidarity & support .
all may get infected
shame on govt .  ... who still not listening to these poor farmers
message for these people : killing yourself is your choice . but murdering others is not your right .
why they are not fulfill farmers demand the bjp cross every limit yr pls be safe and wear mask , this is not right time pls be safe
kumbh mela was only super spreader
what will happen if they get sick . delhi hospital are already overloaded . people are dying on roads , . punjab government should stop them . if somebody loose their loved ones they only feel the pain .
delhi is going to collapse , corona has already has taken lives of so many people , many are dying due lack of oxygen . now they came again to block roads . how essential supplies will be managed . allah , ishwar , waheguru sabko samaj de bas yhi keh sakta hu mai toh .
ye aur corona failayenge .
humble request to farmers to stop all protests ...
humble request to punjab farmers to stop protest ...
humble request to farmers ... to stop protest ...
yes god koi to he hume bachane wale we want freedom for fake virus
many people lost their lives just because of our beloved pm narendra modi ... if not modi than who ? ? yes truly we got answer ...
covid welcomes you all
please don't go ... please ... there are tartaris sitting in delhi ... they are changez khan's breed ... totally insensitive to your just demands ... they will kill you ... please don't go ...
demonitisation , nrc and caa , farm bills ... public ko sataneke naye naye tareeke lekar aatha hai yeh modu .
these are the people who are responsible for spreading covid even further
pehle bjp ne election ke liye rally kurwaye ab congress rally kurwva raha farmer bill cover mein .. our nation is not in good hands
i have been staunch supporter of farmers protests but this a very bad timing , please go back ! don't be one more superspreaders .
govt should accept there demands and let them go home safely
this is the reason why virus is spreading more and more and after get infected people run for oxygen and life.atleat wear the mask and don , t always blame for government for pandemic we people also need to be carefull otherwise no one can help you people .
why , still gov failed to solve our farmers need
best time to do protest ! well done india well done ! black marketing of oxygen , fake medicine , agent booking of beds , beating healthcare workers but still only politicians r to be blamed not these fake protesters and criminals who can do anything for money ! corrupt people get corrupt system and politicians ! its simple
india collapse like anything ... world should do urgent things
request to all farmers pls be safe and wear mask .
oh no , another super spreader event .
corona virus is a joke until you get infected ..
corona : dude , i'm preparing the third wave .. i'll send it to you right away . don't rush me .. !
protest can end in no time , government just need to take a step back on them . but goverment is busy with bengal , religion .
its not safe going to delhi now ... high no . of infections . .. pls take care of health first .
ohh god please help us
india in a dyer state , how will there combat covid , when people doing as there please , there situation calls for serious compliance , and that ain't happening
parliament system is main cause of destruction of subcontinent .
time to go mr . modi ab bass bahot hogaya country is done with you . from day 1 you came to power janta is on road , cylinder substitute or note bandi ... many more this was not enough for u now farmers n dead bodies are on road . o bhai ab bass
these idiots are in a herd and not wearing any masks ! what a shame !
jesus is comming please pray in the name of lord jesus he is the only savior
they should march to the parliament and rid india of modi once and for all
farmers should be a little sensitive about what is happening in the rest of the country . sirf aap log nahi desh chala rhe ...
the govt could stop this by postponing or negotiating but our idiot illiterate pm will not even release a statement
punjab government has given a report saying farmer protests can't be covid hotspots and they can continue with out following any guide lines ... atleast prioritise and give them vaccine captain singh
not the right time brothers not the right time
protest is right of everyone but my dear and lovely farmers please take care of yourself please wear mask and keep all protocols in mind even i have kind request of u please let talk to govt . right now because country is struck by covid and 3rd wave will be more dangerous so please stay at home . our health system is also struggling . please
but still the idiot politicians are not revoking this bill
we hv freed delhi before from mughals and now we will free delhi from modi .
sab marenge . pure country ko leke marenge .
these news personnel need to learn the powers of sdm and civil services . they think they are giving opinions rather than orders . a sdm can also permit the police to shoot .
now farmers must enter modi house attacks govt
jay shre ram
certainly the farmers lobby is misbehaving instead of seeking redress on the issue however short term . mobocracy is gripping the country aided by greedy political parties now facing bankruptcy both financially and politically . let law take it's course .
time now supporting these fake khalistani farmers ? ... i support ias officer ... inko pehle se pelna chahiye tha
welcome move - need to break the knee cap of nuisance farmers and sent them home
what's is the difference between taliban and this government . both government beat up citizens , bloodshed , mob lynching , etc . no human rights in india .
times now supports and sheds tears for stone pelters ?
it's good that the thugs , in the name of kissans , have been treated in the way they deserve . let the squatters in singhu border be treated in the same way . this is not a protest but a conspiracy of opposition parties who are out to destroy everything .
under orders of the ugly bjp
pre planned lathi charge tha ...
khatter ji wat ever you say now but u will not come again . khatter ordered him to do so
general dyer is born again . though the skin tone has changed this time ... the shameless public servant has no remorse .. this is what absolute power does ...
is this sdm is so brave he should be send to china border , there he should be posted and show his braveness with chinese
totally support what ias said . enough of foolish and druggist farmers
ias ips before introduction of ethics paper .
eating the food of the farmer and breaking their heads . they are protesting because the new laws are affecting their lives . this cruel govt . official is not going to lose anything because he will get his salary regularly . one day his family members should be beaten up like this by someone . then he will understand the pain . hope he will get it back in the same manner
sdm thanks . , he is only doing job .
this sdm is so arrogant , egoist , , , the salary he is getting is came from tax which is collected from civilian people , , , his job is save people not to harm or injured public ...
one thing is sure ... the number of paid trolls around here in comment section has seriously amplified over these months ...
proportionate force should not mean breaking open skulls ... a better order could have been to lathicharge but avoid heads ... head injury is way more worse than some broken bones ..
i am with farmers thats why i support the 3 farmer reform laws ...
farmer reform bills are halted by the honourable supreme court of india ... why are these goons in the name fake farmers pelting stones on police and jamming highways ... these are jihadi goons and their leaders should be arrested immediately who are spreading rumours among hardworking farmers ... gurunam singh chadhuni should be arrested for agitating mob and spreading rumours to disrupt violence in haryana ... this should never be tolerated ...
so according to news channel what those people are doing in the name of farmer protest for last almost 1 year is tolerable ? why don't you question what they are doing for last 1 year instead of farming from 1 particular state ? none of the other farmers from other states joining them . why don't you question them ?
rip democracyshame on govt system
no farmer no food ..
rip bjp government
farmer and employees .. zindabad , . sardar udham singh , sardar bhagat singh , , zindabad
farmer and employees , we support farmer and employees .. rip bjp ...
we support farmer and employees ... rip bjp government
the congress is still speaking from hq , how many issues you need to wake up from slumber , the idiotic leadership in states is fighting for power the central leadership is sleeping , it seems we have part time opposition which dies not like to go on roads and streets , they do politics through social media , if after what happened in haryana today you cannot lead an agitation , protest for the resignation of haryana government , dismissal of home minister and filing cases against the dm , cm and hm of goi than forget being an alternate , in haryana you have 35 mla , a leader in hudda , surjewala , in punjab you have government with sidhu as pcc chief , on hp you are main opposition , in uttrakhand you are main opposition , in up you can command support ... but you have to get on streets , learn from gandhi , nehru how they used every opportunity to start a mass agitation ... get out from your homes , comfort zones ... organize , publicize , criticise and demand resignation and arrest ... in up cag has given you an issue bigger than fodder scam .. this is request please listen and seize your moment in history ...
shame on this
i support sdm they are no farmers they are goons antinationals rioters rapist they are a law and order problem and should be dealt with iron fist the reporters should shut up when things are going right instead of becoming human rights torch bearers many lives and livelihoods lost permanently due to there political funded project protest
goddi midia support pm who has fargi degree ghade se gha gujra
this action of sdm is correct . he has done his duty without fear . he should be applauded by all law abiding citizen . kab tab ye andolan ke naam par gundagardi sahenge . we stand by the sdm
talibani dm ... he wants blood of these people
atleast title the clip correctly , as farm bill agitators and not kissan agitators . blocking roads blocking administration and blocking parliament functioning is anarchy and not democracy , and they have to be dealt with as anarchists only .
stand by karnal sdm
sdm has ordered the right thing . if it has not controlled now then again media and national trouble creating opposition parties started to criticize govt for not act on time . if the anti-nationalist group started to kill innocent people and vandalise public property then is it ok . ?
well done media , you are just labeling some terrorist as farmers , well done
they are not farmers , they are deshdrohis
chase these hooligans and rich landlords break thier legs aslo.its months now.boot them out.ask these rougues to go to jantar mantar place for your fake protest
sdm is very much right , i appriciate him for his action
these farmers should be immediately arrested . they are giving rise to third wave . #arrestfarmers
it should be , it should be
jai kisan union . liar bootlicker sdm should be arrested immediately for inciting and provoking law and order crisis and bloodshed . he's pleased his criminal political masters . sad he's a disgrace to the ias cadre . satyamev jayate .
lathi charge is instructed as per crpc only .
these orders were need of the time long long ago . weldone
bjp made defence forces strong ? dm behaving as criminal . judiciary is dead .
should offer flowers , for stone pelting disruptive activities ?
this idiot so-called duty magistrate should be in jail . assole born doesnt know that there are protocols to follow in controlling riots / protests , its not his father in law's house to make his own rules to manage riots or protests .
they are not farmers okkk . come and see in my house who is farmers okkk .
thats what these hooligans deserve
servants of republic became poputts of government .
lathi charge kro jordar only
after this times now trp going down.times now saying if you are police you are already dead because they are not allowed to protect themselves even when you are attacked because you are public servant stop joining army and police times now will protect you.they think police have no rights .
very good decision , protest doesnt mean obstruct roads and attack police .
killed all the nakli farmers .
then encounter will be the only solution . atleast real farmers will live peacefully without broker middleman mandi walas
he should be punished asap .
supreme court-appointed panel on farm laws submits report .. compensation should be given to all protesters and affected persons .. dr . v . sivabharathi , from tamilnadu
why not govt are not responding yet ? ? ? .. not yet positive toke we should do something only then the govt will focus on the farmers . farmers protests
pls use your brains . do not block the roads and put the common man in distress as they are already suffering because of this covid pandemic .
when it will happen mr rahul will give live commentary or not .
this man is a great burden of farmers in the name of a farmer's leader . * actually he is a destroyer of farmers and wanted the suicidal of farmers like previous . *
let him run an agricultural university , iti , diploma , degree pg courses , with his new economic ideas , nation needs , with soil , seeds , needs of nation consumers .
what a foolish man why cause inconvenience to public he should block the entry to parliament south block & north block .
this urban naxal tv will not peace and rational laws , they have to keep publicing rioters and protesters to keep the pot boiling , first these fellows should be first booked for promoting rioters , giving them exposure to tv . this tv can oppose farms laws if they have data to support but not support protesters , raod blockers . tikait ever other day keeps saying we will block railways , block the roads , oppose bjp in election bound states , cause law and order problem , any responsible citizen will never support but only tv like india today , ndtv , hindu etc
mamta gives it to the bjp in the language they understand .
stop covidiszm should we be vaccinated to the grave ? enough peace , i'm tired of you 2019-2020- 2021-2022 years plandemic ...
very good they deserved it .
sdm is right , gundo se aise hi nipta jaata h
if kisan mazdoor protest fails , there will be no more freedom in india and it will be wrong to call india as a democratic country .
shame on this government jai jawan jai kisan jai hind
this people are not farmer's gardars send them to china they sort them out like hong kong
shame on you as being on the post of an ias
general dyer is still alive ...
am ashamed totally , we have elected such ruthless politicians to power .
where our democracy ?
stop producing food for 6 months , then they will learn how to treat the farmers . starve this ais officer .
rss and bjp is new taliban this fight is to save the democracy this officer needs to resign or he should have been fired by now
the congress is still speaking from hq , how many issues you need to wake up from slumber , the idiotic leadership in states is fighting for power the central leadership is sleeping , it seems we have part time opposition which dies not like to go on roads and streets , they do politics through social media , if after what happened in haryana today you cannot lead an agitation , protest for the resignation of haryana government , dismissal of home minister and filing cases against the dm , cm and hm of goi than forget being an alternate , in haryana you have 35 mla , a leader in hudda , surjewala , in punjab you have government with sidhu as pcc chief , on hp you are main opposition , in uttrakhand you are main opposition , in up you can command support ... but you have to get on streets , learn from gandhi , nehru how they used every opportunity to start a mass agitation ... get out from your homes , comfort zones ... organize , publicize , criticise and demand resignation and arrest ... in up cag has given you an issue bigger than fodder scam .. this is request please listen and seize your moment in history ...
deplorable . i heard the officer concerned after the action . if a budding ias / hcs officer is telling a plain lie-where india is going ?
some vedio is circulated you see
shame on this ias , so much power with no responsibility towards constitution and people of india . these are criminals sitting at high post that they don't deserve . if government has little shame left , remove this criminal with immediate effect .
jai kissan . bastards raised hand against farmers who were trying to contact ruling party leader .
good they were beaten
for all the people who are in support of farm laws ... congress bjp mili hui hai bhai ... ye dono he ek dusre k sath hai ... congress bjp dono ek dusre ko chori chori support kar rahi hai ...
general dyer ki history revise hui
i am in trouble with the phone number
rss is next talibaan if not stopped .
shocked by the video of dm . being an ias officer it is not expected .
kattar k pichwade me tractor gused do
protest is our right .
very good.dont leave the roads . 40 lakh tractors mangwao tokaitji
high quality and fair journalism needs good people to pay just a little for it . please subscribe to theprint here : <url>
people aren't dieying due to covid if you dont belive fuck off
this is what happens when such people are blocked to watch national media and are forced to watch their own self made media and the you tubers
its obviously fake
everything is a big lie everywhere . in europe living a dictatorial sanitary moment ! each time we are more and stronger people who are following the truth ! please wake up ! !
why does the reporter sound like someone squeezes her every few seconds when she listens to the people she is interviewing ?
and i agree with the farmers on this covid - 19 issue !
long live the revolution ... long live punjab ... long live haryana ... god bless the farmers
covid is yes
people who lives in rajnagar extension and gaziabad , who travels to delhi everyday for work are finding it hard to reach office on time . day to day life for a person like me who has a 2 year old at home , and have to go to office everyday at aiims delhi is very very difficult .
covid 19 is real . not a conspiracy . ask those who are dying whether it is real or just a modi conspiracy .
people are dying scams are killing people poor people are being used for political mileage no oxygen no beds not enough vaccines im not against the farmers but is this the right time to gather in numbers please dont blame everything on government blaming modi is not going to solve this problem but everyone is going in their own direction united we stand divided we fall
at 2:17 the guy says there no virus ... so why he got a tea towel mask on ... and whos blowing that old bike horn
these idiots must be kicked out as soon as possible . one of the biggest spreaders of virus in india ..
it should be force-stopped by the army . else delhi would turn to graveyard
yes , covid is conspiracy main plan is to rape non sikh ladies
what a stupid man , are the fires burning for fun
if you are one of the modi bhakt or some piece of shit that gonna tell me that farmers are spreading corona , farmers were dying before corona and people like you never raised voice for them when raised our voice people like you start demotivating us and at last declared us fake now listen me , fuck your shit
modi govt is doing right .. don't support these greedy farmers .. selfish
this is true modi destroyed indians .
what else are they gonna say ? modi put in these illegal bills to steal their land and then told them they couldnt protest last year bc of corona ! of course theyre going to be suspicious of the government now . if people dont believe what the modi government is saying , thats modis fault for being a fraud and liar .
everyone is gangsta until corona arrives . bimar ho jayenge to again they will blame govt only . this is high level of stupidity for public's interest , they should be removed and sent to their home . wese bhi ye modi ko hitler bol chuke h but govt ko dusro logo ko bachane k liye inhe hatana chaiye yaha se .
for those who have lost someone to corona , for them it's a disease . for the rest , it's just a rumour .
wtf their doctors are also on same page with these morons why not condemn this crowd while condemning the rallies all are just concerned with their self motive be it politicians or farmers no one cares
why s.c.doesnot take notice of this ? and ask centre to prove corona ?
when stupidity is at its peak .
most important : farmers protest is a conspiracy the print , take out your bias glass
bulshiit : that means other parties also want farmer protest to be continued as congress and cpm also doing rally ? why they are doing protest during covid when people are risking their life .
those who calling farmers irresponsible and ill-informed , should remember that they or their acquaintance have since years believed godi media's bs ... farmers wouldn't have come to this , had the govt . built trust in them ...
follow dr biswaroop roy chowdhury
follow dip diet
infect these foolish fellows , than they will know it
so no wonder these people are manipulated easily by the middle men . they believe covid to be a conspiracy ..
pm in india the stupid person i ever heard and seen in centuries . if he dont care about his own people he has to be resigned . all other countries leaders and normal people are talking about whats going in india but he lives there but cant see and cant hear people crying and dying every minute . suggestions to him :: : listen to farmers and bow to head in front of your nation , dont sell your own mother
they should go home
a lot of us don't believe this bullshit , after all if the bbc are reporting it then it's definitely lies , they're going to die if the government forces them into poverty , so trying to tell them a lockdown is for their health is just insult to injury
4:18 main reason of today's situation of corona
pls encounter and kill all these mandi agents for good
whatever we indian will never ever support these mandi agents
no one worry about fake farmers when india have cores of farmers only few hundred fake farmers protecting with the support of middle man and brokers
covid is a lie
wtf now they are blaming the covid crisis on the poor farmers ? ? what has the government done to help them ? ? ? they have been in rallies , fighting for their rights for months this is godi media
how ignorant these people are , .. uff .. !
this so called farmer agitation by khalistan is must be brought to an end by skillful peaceful planning ! ! many plans are available !
old man at 4:05 speaks the truth
bring 100 of corona positive patients in their midst and they will know whether it is fake or truth .
what about your stupid pm rallies stop please try to help farmers and modi need to demonlish the laws
waheguru ji please help farmers please help
change your title . coronavirus is not the conspiracy . the conspiracy they say is the lack of government action .
mainstream media won't tell you this ... you decide what's real ...
56 " system is chronic and compulsive liar . nothing happened in ladhak . gujarat model biggest exporter to china.sab shaheedon ko naman annadatas vijayi bhav jai jawan jai kisan jai hind jai mahishasur mardini jai ma durga
pray god to save these ignorant innocent villagers .
are these farmers mad . i supported them always . now , i feel they are absolutely shameless and ignorant of the consequences of their idiotic actions . how can they be so very foolish .
journalism at its best
y there is no funny emoji like fb for this kind of caption
conspiracy ? these ash 0les should b taken to the crematorium n show them whts happening . in logon ko sadey aam goli mar dena chahiye saley politicaly motivated nakli farmers
so these idiots wear a handkerchief when on camera .
this is shameful
chutiyo 2029tak baithe raho
how irresponsible is this headline ? selectively putting the opinion of some old age poor farmers doesn't represent the farmer's leadership stance on covid . and irresponsible are those , commenting their narrow views by judging from the headline . every night , they are sanitizing the protest sites , following covid protocols as much as possible . the thing to understand is that they are fighting for their lives too . the govt . is adamant and egoistic that it is keeping the farmers like this . with just one decision of the govt . hundreds of lives could have been saved by now , and also , all that these people have gone through from past many months . the union leaders have been continuously spreading awareness about covid , preparing for the worst situations . and all you point out is that farmers think covid doesn't exist .
if there is no corona then these people / fake farmers should be send to covid patient wards without mask and hand gloves . it is height of nonsenses .
ha ha these farmers intend to start cultivation of viruses that is why they don't wear masks or practising safety norms .
there is no limit to stupidity but these idiots have took it to a whole new level , they are in competition with pakistani tlp supporters to prove their stupidity is the benchmark . comeon , these idiots have blocked the highway and a spineless center fail to clear it ( at the cost of lifes now ) and a state government which mindlessly supports it , cherry on top , supreme court which did nothing but allowed this drama to continue .
randi tv = ndtv , the print , wire , wion , bbc janta chutiya nh hai bhosri ke
arvind kejriwal provided wifi to these ppl but failed to provide oxygen plant in delhi lol
tore
modiji ne andolan jivio ko ko expose kiya hai media me bhi charcha hai shaheen bagh me road per kabja rail track ko rokne ke farmule ko jo safalta mili danga hua us se communist aur congress ke andolan jivi chate hai agle lok sabha election tak kasi na kisi mudde ko leker road jam railways track jam ki yojna en andolano jivio ki hai
rajasthan mein toh congress hai , toh fir wha ke toll ko free kar ke kya milega inhe ?
congress party is becoming naxalites party
center govt must come down strong on andolejeevi . stop.this nuisance
a 24 years old boy seeing out from the trains window shouted dad , look the trees are going behind ! dad smiled and a young couple sitting nearby , looked at the 24 year olds childish behavior with pity , suddenly he again exclaimed dad , look the clouds are running with us ! the couple couldnt resist and said to the old man why dont you take your son to a good doctor ? the old man smiled and saidi did and we are just coming from the hospital , my son was blind from birth , he just got his eyes today . every single person on the planet has a story . dont judge people before you truly know them . the truth might surprise you . credit : - you can win ( aapki jeet ) story book be a listener if you enjoyed the story plz do subscride my channel , i have to reach 1k . it takes only 5 seconds and make my day , thank you and i am sure you will love my content ...
ham sab jante ha sir congress our laft party sabse bada chera
shame on this vip kisaan .
if you are showing the truth of farmers protest and khalistan link , some people's will tell you biased media those are not kishan they are political opportunist ...
in chor andolan kari sirf iss desh ko torna chahte hain inka head rahulu khan
ketna bhi andolan karo .. but ye politics wala .. tod fod trackter wala .. hat katne wala ... aur background player wala ... bus kuch din aur ghante ke he ... saab asliyat samne aachukahe ...
too much biased channel
cycle coming jai akhilesh
fake farmers are on dharna real farmers are working on fields
misleading the people
these are leaders paid by opposition ... moment have become total political
chal jhute
glad to see yogendra yadav found a job . bohot dino se berojgaar teh yadavji
only ndtv
yogendra yadav is honest and courageous . india needs more leaders like him .
we want justice for rabia sis , shame on you all news channel for not covering this news .
yes entire lndian peace loving people supports your courage and awareness among the society . hatts off yogendra yadav sir
hai , pls provide pdf too
sir please attach pdf also ...
sir please attach pdf
please attach the pdf of it if possible ...
fertigation is a method of fertilizer application in which fertilizers are incorporated within the irrigation water by the drip system
please attach pdf sir
great
i must appreciate the content ... hard work behind it visible ..
thank u so much sir . this initiative is very useful
sir please attach pdf
sir maine whatapp or dia h pr abhi tk add n hui group m
aapka speech and explanation bahut achha h
doubling the farmers income joke of the decade
sir can we get pdf of this article please tell me
very interesting audio article sir u definitely doing great job to provide us such type of articles online ... plz keep continue it and i will support u thanks alot sir for ur great work and affort
thanks
sir it would be nice agr uska pdf link mil jata , pizz sir do something
sir app bahut strugle kr rahe hain for students
pdf please
sir audio ki jgh written me krvaye plz
thqu so much sir very nyc information
thanks
good morning sir thank you for video sir aap is video laiye qki image dimag me jada set karta hai
good morning sir an
drishti team always greatest ..
this article totally justifies the topic in every aspect . excellent work . thanku .
agriculture income double if 1 ) first of all encourage farmer to provide subsidy 2 ) removal of intermediaries 3 ) cooperative farming 4 ) support modern agriculture equipment and reduce input cost in agriculture
sir plz provide the pdf of this audio script
thanx sir
thanks sir
thanks sir .
upsc kee online taiyaree bhee karate hai shreeman.we are not able to join civil coaching .
great work
thanks sir
important topic hai sir thank you
thank you team drishti
great
thanks for farmers news
thanks sir
many many thanks sir jee
thank you , sir
thanks sir
thanks sir ... , .
every audio is very helpful
thanks sir
sir ab wo 2-3 minute ka programme chalaya h na wo best h usme to the point or km time me hi sb kuch aa jata h sir isko to 15 minute tk jhelte raho bhaut boring h really ...
script is so , nice . thanks vinod sir and drishti ias .
very nice sir
thanks sir
thanks sir
best topic sir
thanks team drishti ...
now priority is to save farmers live from covid disaster , , , doubling farmers income is not the priority now
i thought this is a nice platform for farming sectors and environmentalists .. after this video will remove from my recimmendations
such topic videos needs to have hindi dubbing or hindi subtitles to sensitise the large number of indians .
please don't give background music the content is good but the music is not helping in any way .
knowlageable vedio and all claims that put in vedio with fact its good
i think that if all the stars align that farmers can earn 22k dollars yearly
another jumla of modi govt . , no doubling of farmers income.it will only double when swaminathan commission reports are implemented and msp is legalised.today around 90 percent crop produces are sold in open markets to private players much less than msp.only corporates income is doubled .
execution is not done properly by the government .
nice terf bangs
zbnf farming is the way forward . govt schemes though well intentioned will be squandered by systemic bureaucracy . selling at msp , mis is a result of not adopting marketing , value add or forecasting methods by the farmer .
state
agri is a state subject so there is an issue to implement the pm aasha
anyone of my colleagues here explain me the land to lab one please ? thank you .
good to see the important article in separate video ...
ye format achha hai ...
sir aaj ka the indian express analysis kb aayega ?
nice , keep it up ! looking for more videos
gr8 work , explained nicely
#varshney ( what is taliban and complete details related to it ) sir please purse this topic .
great helpful knowledge
u r doing a great job vai ... ur videos are very simple bt very effective.as a defence aspirant i appreciate ur work ... god bless u and wish u all the very best ...
thank you
thnx bro got to know something which is useful
this is supercalifraglisticexpialidocious .
thnkx sir
brother why you are not recommended ? ? you have good knowledge
thanx sir great information
thank you bro
thank you so much sir
bhai please pakodey mat talna , your videos are awesome
#varshney jai hind sir , thank u for this video , please make a video on " national highway authority of india " ...
thanks shubham , video is amazing , full topic clear ho gya bhai
thank you sir it was really helpful , and i really appreciate your hard work .
thanks to my self i find you before 2month of my ssb ... i learnt alot .. hope you will update more videos related ssb , specially gto task
thank you bhai
#varshney bhai thankyou and hongkong . crisis pa bhi
sir , at 1:27 you told about various problems . if you please explain one by one each problem then we will get a clear idea of that problem #varshney
sir please have lectures on options of above questions which will help to explore problems occured and we will be aware of such problems . <user>
thank you sir ... please make more gd videos ..
your videos are helpful , thank you <user>
thanks so much sir , pls aap is trah ke topic share kar diyo karo ssb interview ke liye
sir make more such videos and thank you
very well xplained ... thanku so much
7th video in playlist and it is about 7 point strategy.what a co-incidence ! ! !
#studyiq #pendrive_courses for various govt . exams , click here <url> to know in detail or #call9580048004 follow dr gaurav garg on facebook - <url> follow prashant dhawan on facebook - <url> follow dr gaurav garg on instagram - <url>
not to sound critical , but she makes the entire topic seem disinteresting and it's like dictating from a newspaper itself . it's a request to please either make the videos more interactive or perhaps find a better tutor . she may be a great knowledgeable person but not a good teacher .
thanks a lot
mam , why the value of ppa's came down ? ? kindly explain
plz give your lectures to ladies which have a good voice so that voice can reach to inner mind of students plz find a teacher who has a weight in voice not like this ...
please make these vedios in hindi also
excellent video mam please upload more videos on agriculture current affairs tq
worst teacher of the best school
repeat same things many many times take too much time
in local there is a problem of theft . my father purchase 5 solar panels , battery and light and install in different areas of my village to light the street as a social welfare but today all assets were stolen . how to overcome this problem .
many points covered ... thanks mam ...
yep in south gujrat amreli farmer use solar and get free power and other all useless power give electric company and they pay 70000 per year my some relatives are doing this company fit meter
please make these kind of videos in hindi
enron scandal please cover this topic study iq ... its a request
only income increased in your presentation in reality income is decreases
good presentation
there are majorly 2 ends of this problem , at production end ( farmer ) and at marketing end . at farmer end , problem of seed selection , or credit availability or using ict for connecting with experts is there and it is explained quite well in this . further from marketing end , <url> this video will help take some initiatives . in my opinion , small landholding is also one of major cause of farmers , as it restricts economics of scale . may we some co-operatives ( like in lines of dairy cooperatives ) can be formed in future .
this is an secret agenda of multinational company to control on food by controlling seed with help of patent law and promote artificial seed . they offer seed in low price and in attractive name . but when you use once you are bound to use their seed . plz always use natural seed only . don't buy seed from these multinational company .
marketing is missing
growth will be most important ...
1 ) focus on value added crop , horticulture , pisciculture . 2 ) farm to market linkages . 3 ) at least one cold storage facility for a village or a group of villages . 4 ) improvement in crop intensity ( through irrigation , pm sinchai ) . 5 ) making farmers aware about all the government schemes through mobile , radio , tv , fertilizer and seed shops and panchayat .
where are you telling cock and bull story .
panelist have dobious knowledge on market force , they don't able to clarify e-nam and market haat , still middle man has taking more advantage than the real producer . firstly , govt . must increase their vigilance on procurement center , officer are follow proper guidelines mentioned by mo agriculture , officer showing less interest on their duty , and waiting more for their number .
sir mera kahana h 10000 r / mounth farmer give marginal farmer automaticaly doubling farmer income
where is the farmer who is the heart in the discussion . ac me baith kr yajnaye bani he .
agriculture groth 2.3 % ho gye hai
why was ashok dalwai not asked more questions ?
harveer sigh ji ne acha explain kia bs
mr . harbir singh has dominated over 4 govt spokespersons , thats the power of a journalist , i think arnub , sudhir and other so called journalist has to learn from it
ashok dalwai sir , jinhe poore road map ki jaankari hai debate m bilkul disactive najar aa rhe , , i think he should elaborate the means so every one could get it
kavindra ji , increase duration , 26 min is not sufficient for discussion , all the members have lot to say but due to lack of time they couldn't ... ,
firstly a committee must be constituted which should have a good proportion of progressive farmers to know the exact problems of them ; lutyens are excellent only in paper work not in ground work .
why didn't u invite a farmer to participate ... he should hv told actually wht he is facing ... and what these people sitting in a ac room talking about ..
y rstv h ... of course govt propoganda ... no one discussing farmer problem ... baaton baaton m farmer ki income double ho rhi h ...
read more about doubling farmers income <url>
please increase time . at least on issues which are critical to the country's dilemma .. less than half an hour is nothing for this .
rs tv you must understand that there is no mean of this debate about double the farmers income without involving any delegate of farmer or farmer's association , rather than only delegates of govt . or other institutions
very well said by harvir singh about hollow solutions given by government for doubling farmer income
pls all dislike this bachod bodeo
kya socha hai aapeke pradan mantri ne , no debates on issues only on hawa hawai
if we pay more to farmers it will lead to inflation . if we pay less to them it will lead to farmer distress . the best solution to me is if the middle men who eat away the bigger share of the cake in the value chain are taken care off . by allowing farmers to sale directly to consumers or fmcg corporations , it would result in good profitability for farmers and allied sectors like animal husbandry should be encouraged this will supplement additional income and help farmers better thier living standard
sir phle govt distt wise policy bnaye hilly area plain area north east kyonki yanha climate bda differ hai
best news channel no words to describe your contribution
one request to rs tv . please bring not more than one person who is official representative of govt.out of 5 people , 4 are representative of govt in some way or another . here is farmer's debate and no one is from any farmers organisation . dont think that common man is fool.if your channel continue such type of ' propaganda politics ' , no one will watch it further.we need critical discussions on issues
kavin sir please give enough time to expert ... itsnt it will be okay if your programme get longer for 10 or 15 minute longer ? ?
the biggest joke of india for upcoming election ... ! ! ! explanation keval harveer ji hi de sakte hai ...
thank you mam ... but today your energy was low ...
sir make a video related to nabard
ministry of states glt h sayd ..
sir pllzzz ... seed rate of crops pe and crop diseases pe v vidio bnaye ...
nic video sir it is very usefull
please suggest some basic books ? ?
please suggest some basic books ? ?
good sir continue
nice info ... thanks
sir series continue hona chahiye
thanx a lot sir ... plz upload of remaining video 2-3- 4 of entomology ...
thank u sir . please upload a video on all rural development & agricultural schemes
pls continue sir . great work . regards , anubhab
thank you sir its so aidful keep providing
hi sir pls make videos on schemes and subsidies related to agriculture
this is a double jumla .
if farmers get their dues it directly cuts the high profit by middlemen . i'd this govt . really thinking about farmer and bring market under control ?
thewire /
very serious issue discussed please review the new hrd minister's degrees and academic background
turning point of pm in the basis of farmer revolution 2022
northeast se hindustan jindabat
cost of cultivation also increase 4 times
change of government is necessary ... unemployed youth like here .
government making inflation high , so that farmers income doubled ... pm is a mirage ...
west bengal is highest producers of vegetables . wb produces 26 % potato . i am from hooghly district of west bengal . a potato producing district . this type of conclave should happen in west bengal .
by farmers he means mlas and mps who cultivate garbage so the nation can rot and be disposed to globalised forces .
ha ha ha ha inversion it's reduced double times
farmers income reducted to half acc . to recent report well done buddy
jo thi vo bhi income ni ho ri ab toh ! ! !
bjp hatao desh bacho
just like budget govt . can display next five year which crop will need in urban and export purposes .
one of the great analysis maker ...
plzzz replyyyyy sir , information - ? ? ?
great video
ek video 7 years of modi government par banaiye
, , , force , msp
perfect , contract farming is the initial step of these revolution .
sir what is your qualifications
brother video
co-operative , organic , mechanized farming will bring green revolution 2.0 in india . hame pure desh ko ek producer ke taur par aur pure world ko ek market ki tarah dekhne ki jarurat hai .
first off all agriculture is not business ... commditie act vese bhi mahegae badhaengi ...
sir share market pe ek video please ... share market mein jo ank hote hai wo kaise calculate hote hai
quite informative
sir how to be economist plz reply
splendid analysis
correct sir
sir ... you just blow my mind ... with your knowledge ... godhead bless you ...
1 2 state nhi pura india ma farmer protect ho rhaa haa
what is npr ? please make a video on this topic
great explanation
fpo is one of the best sources for farmers
but the country shouldn't be unliveable
can anybody teach punjabi farmers of agriculture we have have been taught of farming by our first guru nanak dev g of farming by doing farming at kartarpur sahib
can somebody tell the name of background beautiful music ?
this is what real capitalist brain means .
really in today's generation no one wants to be a farmer
no budy is goin to marz ... it is walt disney
people are changing sadhguru . few educated youth have already started natural farming , many more will come .
namaskaram sadhguru , this initiative is a hope for indian farmers .
pls have a close look at fpo nothing happening at farmers level but all good in paper , i know the power of fpo i also admit it is the only way the game changer
india is lucky to have someone like him .
so far middlemen were earning more than the farmers who produce food . sadhguru is one person who guide people as well as the government for betterment of the society . he is in constant conversation with farmers as well the prime minster . to me he he looks like avtar . some govt people try to reach moon though many on the earth have no basic facilities like paani , bijli , sadak , and they are committing suicides .
sadhguru - tell me - who is wiser and trustworthy : you or modi ?
we all soon hear about subgkart
perfect solution . but modi would prefer to sell the country to hes friends not the people of the country !
sadguru put forth a most workable formula by bringing the concept of farmers producing organisation , must give food for thought to our ldrs of all hues to enhance the farmers income by 3 fold . it's game changer in indian economics if cultivated in earnest
u r knowledgeable but now become inclined towards social and trending political ... be careful of ur reputation
this change is being proposed despite the suffering of millions .
one advise to sadhguru , let experts decide . your field is spirituality not agriculture
i remember sg .. who are you
unfortunately they dont understand what's good for them
i thought u would speak truth and not afraid of govt .. i thought u r fearless .. to all your honest and innocent followers .. i feel shame that even this yogi cant speak truth as how farmers fighting for their survival .. and to save nation from man made feminine
great info by sadhguru as awlays ! great initiative by sadhguru . our farming oriented country really need this very much .
in i970 itself cooperative farming was introduced .
water is everything without water nothing possible ..
mouthpiece
how is an fpo different from a cooperative society ?
the most valuable speech ever on farmers and farming ... but for this there should be guaranteed honest goverment and corporates which aren't since 1947 ...
the fact that amul is a financially successful and sustainable organization is proof that its can also be done with the agricultural industry .
faithless leaders can't do any good for farmer's even they believethe protesters are antinational , tukre tukre , pakistani khalistani chine or what so ever down they can go
few days ago fpos truth were exposed by ravish kumar where they weren't getting funds from government
something every single person needs to get involved in . we need to support our farmers .
sadhguru namashkaram i want to be a part of this .. how can i register or apply so that i can help farmers .. n also find out a reason for my life .. i really want to do this ..
this foundation is not good inside persons all cruel this is not foundation this is cage
i guess sadhguru was behind the new farm laws 2020
leaders ' heard leaders ' ordered .
this is old video ... even liberal media also mentioned the same farm reforms before year 2020 which present govt brought now ... everyone can check it but god knows why they are opposing it even reform suggestions before 2014 are same as farmbill 2020 ...
exactly correct .
this is brilliant . i love his practical mind . why isn't the government smart enough to think of this . ?
only desi cow can save us
hope this is implemented across india one day
modi trying to protect adani and ambanis investments . chor adami
india is lucky to have sadhguru . as a person i am lucky to be cherished and able to learn from him .
the core issue of water is no different for a farmer . i have seen lot of governments building canals for agriculture .. that is what our leaders should focus on . canals can solve lot of our farmers problems .
great
thanks
don't understand why sadguru always favours all wrong doings of bjp
i made a comment condemning this vedio and the deleted that what a douch sadhguru and his team is to not able to take criticism . losser
he is everywhere . he knows everything . he is omnipotent , omniscient and india will remember him for his contribution towards spreading the divine truth in everymatter .
best india's superhero . india get their talent in form of divine and ultra legend jassi .
i want to be relegios . and want to grow pumpkin with triple yield .
that can work but agrofloretry is the only solution . mimicking the forest we can archive more production over time and less work .
i have friends who's parents are not in agriculture , but they want to have career in agriculture .
he is not an agricultural scientist , nor an agricultural engineering nor an economist . sounding to know everything is really different from actual knowledge.everyone please always think carefully about whom you are listening or watching .
msp is more important and fpo controlled 51 % by government is necessary
apmc is already there we just need to change how it works
superb . when will our farmers especially punjab brothers understand
great
no1 actor
absolutely true sadhguru ... , we have to do something about farmers as per your guidelines in urgent manner ...
sadhguru with devendra fadnavis
new farmers laws are mostly good for the farmers after few enhancements it could be great . very valid points addressed by sadhguru
this is called paying attention in right direction
farming should be taught and worked out in india . farming should be a very profitable business for us to secure our future and save future generations . we have large lands but only to be occupied by big industries . in early centuries our major business was into textiles , we lost it to mughals and then we shifted to farming . now we should make a comeback in both of these segments as indigenous and flourishing occupation .
what i like is ... sadhguru not just talks .. he did a model " successful " farmer organisation that got benifits . sadhguru has divine knowledge and application in many situations .
sir , a doubt . in contract farming , whether farmers will be forced to use only seeds that are given by corporates .. which may be genetically modified ? is there any special provision for safeguarding our country seeds ..
in south corruption is less lets join together and change the face of agriculture in india .
i love green ... want to do farming but because of the society & family .. can't make a living
please dub this video in hindi it help many people who doesn't understand english
i'm not sure how it works in india but in america it's almost fail proof to be a farmer if your crops fail government helps you yet farmers are always crying and complaining in they're $ 400,000 brick houses
sir ... let's talk with farmers which are protesting at delhi border ... let's join them otherwise ...
i always knew there was a sadguru suggestion added in the farm bill now i fully support it
saghguru is the best human in history
government should appoint sadhguru for increasing gdp then you will se many good aspects will happen for the country
can be just become india's prime minister .
" dignity of labor " : getting a degree and joining it is a pride but not utilising these knowledge on farming or getting marketing .
the agri reforms are right in this direction to enhance farmers income through fpo . educated people can set up fpo , they can educate farmer on latest techniques and trends and buy the produce at farm , grade , pack , transport to any where in indian markets or whole sales and can sell produce at a profitable rate.why not a give a fair trail to these agri reforms.some companies can also take up this , the reform will pave the players enter the market which will add value and enhance farmers income same people opposed reforms in telephones . compare the position of phones in 1995 and now . people in 1995 used to wait for 3or 4 years to get a phone . now one get the same phone in 3 or 4 hours by going in to any shop ..
download our app - <url> follow dr gaurav garg on facebook - <url> follow dr gaurav garg on instagram - <url> join dr gaurav garg's telegram channel - <url> follow dr mahipal rathore on instagram - <url> follow dr mahipal rathore on facebook - <url> follow prashant mavani on facebook : <url> follow ankit agrawal on twitter : <url> follow ankit agrawal on facebook : <url> follow ankit agrawal on instagram : <url>
thank you sir ... such a nice video
biofuels will help us alot ..
sir please hinglish me lecture deliver kiya kariye .. poora english me rehta hai to problem hone lagta hai please
sir your efforts are too good . information is also detaild .
thanku sir .. it's good
how much electricity will be utilized to produce these bio fuel . is it out put - - - input = profit in biofuel use
sorry i don't want to hurt sentiments of people biased toward a political views , but it doesn't makes sense . 1 ) 1.6 liters of ethanol equals 1 liter of gas 2 ) ethanol is more expensive than petrol . it govt taxes makes it higher . 3 ) 10 lt of sugarcane is produced from 1 ton of sugar cane . ( money spent by truck to transport it is more )
where this biofuel use in vehicles ? and in which city ? what is the value per litre of this biofuel ?
these schemes look good on paper but reality is always different
why we are not getting in english , understand hindi is big problem for south indians
rahul sir always gives positive and constructive subject to go ahead with
yep that's good think which govt is now ... we have to upgrade our farmers
accha explain tha sir
" bio fuels are dangerous and can blast on contact with sunlight " - opposition and farmer organisations !
its all about oil every time ! ! ! they want to make farmers in to slaves to make more money
intrastating topic
yes ... pm sir it's over duty to save earth from chemical farming ... so anybody want a agriculture farming contact me 6375128679
i liked in the speech was , requesting pepole of gulf , what they want and asking them to setup their own system of transportation and cold storage ... which is true , some years there back there was mango export to gulf and from all indian farmer at gulf , one farmers verity of mango ( malika ) was not touched because no one knew it . so he started giving samples and every one liked it , he was asked to get 2 containers of it . we have abundant of people and product but there is no knowledge of preserving fresh and hygiene.here modi policy comes in picture , cold storage built in tumukur karnataka ( tones of vegitables can be stotred ) and building separate freight corridor railway to transport fast and fresh ( freezer containers )
amazing depth of knowledge
very helpful sir , thank you . and any updates regarding appsc mains postpone ? please reply
modi bjp govt is trying from there side , now farmers in remote villages also have to understand about the opportunities
this was 2018 , have you any update of positive change or progress ?
. farmer sports party bjp
sir fertilizer price is so high ...
yes sir v are with u
roti . makkan . aur kappada . pahale dilatho . peene ka paani aur proper roads and electricity and let them no commit suicide on account of the burden on their shoulders .
first stop farmer suicide , mr.modi . then you think of increasing income ... misgoverment is reason for divide . 1 ) land acquisition bill . 2 ) coco cola pepsi company exploiting water resources . 3 ) no free water . 4 ) no free electricity . 5 ) not allowing farmer to fix price for there products . land acquisition bill
good on him
very nice speaking
nation is modified modi ji will be our pm in 2019 . even mahagatbandhan cant beat us .
great pm
please have 2 way communication .. or an interview with vinod dua
definitely sir we have faith on you . it is only most important medium through which maximum benefit can be provided to maximum people of india because india is a agriculture dependent country .
pls think about salary class too . they are paying only taxes . farmers nahin poor farmers ke liye karo .. audi lekar kisaani karne wale bhi bahut hai ... pls do something for it .
great sir
great pm who always thought abt the people of our country
plz sir stop #privatization in agriculture in your #gujarat
pls sir stop #privatization in agriculture
this was a manipulated video by modi government . exposed by master stroke of abp news .
very nice to hear that
this goons used to call manmohan singh " mauni baba " ... but modi is real coward ... soon he will be the only and first pm of democratic country in the world to avoid or not attending even a single press conference ... manamohan was more humble and courageous .. his intellect was much greater than modi + his chamchas + rss and danga groups
this is a good budget
this is a good budget
follow dr gaurav garg on facebook - <url> follow prashant dhawan on facebook : <url> follow dr gaurav garg on instagram - <url> follow dr gaurav garg on twitter - <url> follow prashant mavani on facebook : <url> follow prashant mavani on twitter : <url>
she makes it monotonous
osm . mam it helps me too get good marks in partical as my topic is operation green
please ask gourav gorgue sir or prasant dhowan sir to make these videos
very informative video .. thanks mam for ur great presentation ..
mam can you give dermits of opperation green because i am making project of economics
very nice and helpful
i request iq study team plzzz no more videos of this lady ... kuch samajh nai aata
and i must say that every person has its own language in which he or she can speak comfortably without any hesitation and we should not force her to make the videos in hindi because the way she makes the videos is uncomfortable to anyone and i think this can be continue only in the english medium series so please continue and we love your way of speaking
i think that the whole of the concept has been cleared in a very minutely and informative manner which is all required preparing for the upsc examination . thank you so much too coming in the study iq faculty because the persons like you are needed and are required immensely to help the students like us . your every video is full of facts and information along with it is the value added information of your own
very useful well explained help to improve english too ... very easy english explaination . thanku so much
i think govt should spend money on how to reduce the growing cost of crops . so they can get maximum profit . i am a farmer so i am aware of it quite well . like organic fertilizer , pesticides , supply of water , sapling should have received in low prices . i am not telling to give subsidies this will result in ultimate loss . there should be infrastructure from nearest river so that we can allocate water at low lost in my land . many other processes can be devised
great great explanation ! ! !
clear explanation . thank you madam .
nowdays u r making more videos , which is so humiliating for study iq
thank you madam , nice explanation ... you started with how to double the farmer income and end with all type of processing and other things . but i would like to ask that , processing units established in india in well condition and i can show you many processing unit now came to shut down due to some loss , so i think it may be not a region to down the rate , second thing is lack of good storage facility , i accept it , it's major problem in india and should be solved . in your early time you told that the input supply for farmers should be low , but when it happens ultimately price may come again down but govt should take care of msp in this time . and very important online networking for vegetable market in all over india should be more ... thank you madam ... you tried to cover all angles ...
very very very nice explaination ...
explain in hindi please
i want to marry with you
your voice is very sharp , it is exaspertating
please improve ur accent mam . it is irritating .
thanx 4 such detailed explanation
you should try to speak hindi
please change the idli sambar narrator please
very detailed ... thnx
please pls cover the topic in hindi
sir static gk for ibps rrb exam
thank you mam .. vedio on zbnf ?
very well explained mam .. even though i am not clear about economics much as i'm just starting to prepare .. i still can understand whatever you explain ..
nice explanation and excellent content mam as always
commitment false
very good performance ilike this
lol india just bought the off the shelf super computer and calling it theirs .
science minister lacks energy ... somebody should retire him .. we need energetic visionary people to lead the sciences and technology ministry !
lol i can hear the sound of fan .
# mihir : high performance computer , national institute of nodia , 2.8 peta flops # pratyush : super computer , by iitm pune 4.0 peta flop
how to market
anybody is available who can collect the mushroom spawn and courier to us ?
this video is very nice sir
please bring the mandate to provide efficient reservation to indian women ( nepal , bhutan included ) to receive empowerment through respectful employment in india . then as human we may consider that the life energy used by honourable pm of india shree narendra modi to promise " aache din " ( good days ) was true . jai hind .
quit reservation support general people abolish obsolete st sc act income level reservation
agar duniya mein women ki inclusive growth ho overall in all aspects of lyf ... den dis dahrti ll become swarg ###moral . responsibility .. think good # # #
thts why we need modi . . agin n agin . . . . to transform india . .
whatever you say and do , the traitors lefties , congies , fake farm leaders , brokers , kejriwal , mb etc will always mislead the innocent genuine farmers and instigate them to protest against the government .
congress bhagao desh bachao
pm sir does not matter if u cannot help farmwrs but stopcalling th names stop cutting off water and electricity stop digging pits around them stop goondas to baah them and stop foisting false cases on farmers and their supporters and continue ur jhumlas
even after so much of cajoleing .. the farmers are adamant then ... its time to screw rakesh taikat ...
don't increase msp , stop appeasing jus give thm market
great effort
sir agriculture officer relate syllabus na video banavo n
nation never heard such speech ever before . our prime minister is great and blessed . at present none can compete with this great personality .
import of maze must be stopped
on
u p se chanchal choudhary
job location kha par
esm daljeet singh 10th39age
rajsthan
bihar ke liye jo agriculture ( vocational ) job ho to please bataiye
bihar ke liye jo agriculture ( vocational ) job ho to please bataiye
jammuandmohdmaroofmaroof
me rajasthan se ho
sir up ki vicency ho mandi inspector ki to plese batao
sir voice slow h bahut music jayada loud h ho sake to ye viedo phir se banayiye
great knowledge bye you ronak boss
ans . ( ) video superrr se uperrr wali h boss
thanks
can u give your number please
good information about mandi
serf potu he ha
best performance
very nice creations
great bro
very nice video sir doing best job to explain in detail .
very good explanation thank you dear , good job .
how bsnl shut . his land , towers selled.what is democracy is what people wish practically best .
hallo sir i am ajay sharma me ek app bana rha tha uske liye kuch information chahiye to aap se contact kese karu aapke number mill sakte hain please sir
it was great saved a lot of time in adhyan . its sad that you had to clarify your political stand every time .
but sir please mere 2 3 questions hain .. bata doge .. to apka bahut dhanyawad hoga .. 1 . ) sarkar isi reform bill mein likh de ki sabhi log msp aur obvious usse zayda hi but minimum to yehi rahega usi pe hi out of apmc's purchase kar saktein hain .. 2 . ) aur kisan preshan kyo ho rahe hain wo apmc's ke bahar nahi jana chahte to na jayein .. kyonki na to msp band ho raha hai aur na hi apmc's .. please sir clear all these issues ..
agar ajj desh ki jo halat hai na woh sirf aur sirf in bc corrupt logo ke karan hi hai .. sale .. but i with the government .. chahe modi bhagat bolo ya kuch bhi .. i don't care .. but care in only k how we can come forward and to become our india .. the great india in the real sense .. yeh kamine log sirf aur sirf apni pockets garam karne me lage hain .. desh ki gareebi aur hard working logo ke asafal hone ke peeshe inhi corrupt logo ka bada hath hai .. jo ki ab katne ka waqt aa gaya hai .. ek to hum indians itne emotional ho jate hain k koi bhi kahin le jata hai .. hume pehle detail mein knowledge laini chahiye fir hi bolna chahiye .. but jai jawan jai kisan .. aur har us insaan ki jai jo corrupt practices nahi karta hai aur desh ke bare mein sahi soachta hai .. jai ho ..
private ware house business how to start i wana know
kisan pehle bhi free tha .. kahi bhi bechne ko .. toh mncs kyu nai ati thi kharidne ? ? aur konsi mnc bhai .. 80 % unorganized sector .. vyaparies and chote retail .. msp is to protect ! baki mai farmer hu .. jo bhav dega bechunga .. msp saare crops or chayie
hi sir please reply
thank you so much sir
can posible farmer store grain in apmc for year raight rate to sale any charge and 2adthi gst % , ? charge how much 3how to direct sale in farmer produce company 4 adathi makeing eligale kaam private se cuntune take over this advantage
sir good information shared but kisan vala bori beena adathi se bejsakthe kya company keliye 2.company vale or gevu ka rate beena badvneke bundkiyato matlab unka ketna chayi ye itha stock rake ugane gevu matkt anye time down rate rakegu tho 3 asthi vale msp rate nai fethe bori charge be kathe or kooli charge transport hamli charge farmer ke uper cut karthe or money credit 50lathe
kya kisan direct traders ko bech skta h crops without middleman ?
well experienced thank you ayse he logo ko jagruk karte rahiye
explained very well . this should have been told us in news .
very cognitive video ... thanks sir for such intresting video .
thank you sir , pls make video on enam ( e-national agriculture market ) , most of people dont know how it work's .
need your no . for small knowledge
wo sb thik h but jb law banate h tb ye sb baate dhyan rakhni chahiye na about msp , how dispute will be resolved , or storage limit kyu htahi h wo to abhi tk samaj nhi aaya . agar law m hi unlimited storage de diya h to government body hoke bhi kya kr legi . saff dikh rha h bde corporates ko fayda pahuchane ki koshish hon rhi h .
why does paddy price in bihar is 8-9 per kg and in punjab / haryana is 22-29 per kg.keep in mind apmc system was demolished in bihar during 2006-07 .
except farmers all are fox . they don't grow crops but made this system to just earn money . now imagine who are all those fox ! ! !
great content .
future since like kargil fund , the govt will pronounce to save agriculture save indian industries to bring new slap rate to add on taxing busines , because india best taxing state vs central well versed in making
kindly use the term in english when u taking it for presentation so tht presenting in hindi with some literal basic things to be expressed with word english more so ever , more people who pay taxes get affected the probelm for public or private players but the consumer get affected and the day so much near by already govt started digging every life now and then now state and ceneral charging gst taxes when each individual usage of vegetable or fruit purchase will be the future tax for state will exercise near future to earn through different form of tax they will act as more middlemen looters state will exercise like following tax drainage , garbage taxes , now vegetable taxe that will exercise near future so that they will come out fooling public that so in order to save farmers and the busienss system govt needs money to run and give support and invest more money then after agriculture tax to normal consumer later industry taxes raw material procurement to making finished goods trader middlemen then agri tax , industri tax is the existing future in future budget expected in any state we used to buy industry products from indian make underline that industry tax , agri tax for any individual when he starts earning salary that wil near future to bring state budget system though they are not preparing it will be future and expected system adding on corruption taxes this will only and every farmer market will sell as much the same , middlemen will do the same trader subsequently same thing corporates will play near future as any role under them what about buyer as consumer - he has to exercise by pledging and pay agri tax for india solil grown vegetable and fruit , and then industry product produced and made as finsished goods when a state in remote ends , no suburban metro districts develeopment they will engage to fool public how long trauma will be carried
thank you sir for this video .. helpful for understanding present scenario ..
very informative bro nice work
1 . 2 . 3 . 4 . 5 . 6 . 7 . entry 8 . gst
its really very nice may god give u strength & brain to make such a nice videos.very helping thanks for ur hard work jai hind
i am very happy i have learned a lot
thank you sir
simple language good information thanks sirji
notification kbh ayegi
sir iska official notification ka link share kyo nhi karte .
eligibility kya h please reply
thanks
thanks you so much sir g
amravati ke liye hongi to batai ga sir data entry operator and clark ke liye s.t.chavhan 9764137039 . 12thpass
notification kaha hai
vary good
good morning
mujhe 1 ton chana chahiye . kisike pass ho toh apna number aur naam likhye
... please sell your
thanks for you
thank you so much
#istandwithindianfarmers ..
not a reasonable act of govt official .
black wheat ka kya bhav chal raha he
bahut accha video hai
apne chattisgarh ka kingdj powerzone raipur
nice bhai
nice sir aapne kisano ki bat uthai h thanks marwar express
kon si verity lgae he wo bhi btawo hme bhi acchi verity ka pta chale
thanks
hme aswgnda ke sid chahiea
please share me contact detail and address for ashwagandha seeds 50kg
bhai mobile number bta ho
nimachh mandi ka afresh send karo please
thanks
sir typing test computer pe hi hoga na
official website bato
sir g pls pehle job location bataya kro nhi hamara time waste hota hai
i am the first viewer
i need this software for vagetable and fruits wholesale shop . is it applicable for vagetables shop
i need customization for anaj broker please call 9620897124
farmar is sundry creditors but many times commission agent give advance to farmars for their house hold activity so his balance show in dr . so its okay with sundry creditor or sundry debotrs
ye softwear mare pass hh per isme vikray parchi nahi chal rahi h
great job . i enjoyed watching your video . the concept you bring is great is dominant and is helpful .
it's very good
thank you for information
thanks bhya
bahut bhav down ho gaye re
radius of earth 6378 k . m sudhariye sirr
pure options repeat krte hain isse confusion hota h actual answer ky h
very nice sir
sir cg mndi nirakshk se corrent affairs banayie na dailye news ka cg se related
18 maiy 1974 fast time test and second time 11,13 maiy 1998 ko kiya gaya tha
thanks for question , but accuracy is matter ... ?
ans of 27 is janjgir champa
answer of 26 is d
question 5 answer year 1974 hai , pokhran - 1 test , project smiling buddha
bhut confused karke pdha rhe ho
18 may 1974 first
yuri gagarin is first-person sir ji
thanks brother
options na btaye sir isse confusion hota hai ...
kis year ka que . paper h ...
thankyousir
sir question number 10 ka answer 8848.86 mtrs hoga
sir ji pls direct ans ko bola kijiye na ... nhi to confusion ho jati hai
sir one correction voting age 21 se 18 , 61amendment 1989 me hua tha
sir ji isme sirf agriculture wale hi apply kar sakte hai na other nii
thank for this video
hello sir online classes kb se chal raha hai
sir pls make a pdf of all subjects and upload pls
sir ye exam kb hui thi kis year me hui plsss ans meee
ty sir
final year wale eligible hai ky
ke according video preparation ho paye
first pokharan nuclear test in india may 1974 hoga smiling buddha nam se
telegram channel pe english language me bi questions share kijiyega all subjects.plz
merta city mandi
jay shree ram ram
jai shree ram
dholpur
isbgol bhav
sir love from assam ...
mage puri ho chye
thank you so much to the public , voice india , for giving correct and accurate news of nokha from my side , and i would like to request them to keep this channel in the same way so that we have news of the whole nokha in which we can find thanks
right.bat.he.ji
nokho to chor ha re
and the main problem is not the act or law ; the problem is that the judiciary of india is so poor that you would have indian law saying for instance " making obscene videos is a crime or encouraging a movie porn maker is a crime in itself . " but , these people are celebrated on news channel every moment & are not penalised as per the law . so , bringing a law giving farmer right prices enabling them to enjoy their due share saying that farmers right will be protected after the legal agreement with the other party . i don't believe that it is possible , the reason is that the celeberated corrupt enjoys great power & half of the masses don't know that they are corrupt and address them as ' saabs ' & fear them as they are influential . because criminals in suits or proper kurta pyjama in farming & other sectors enjoys good influence in the society and are a reason of crime done on many . it is first hard for a non-influential farmer to file his complaint . even if he does , it is not easy to get justice along with that he has to face violence & threat if he is challenging a person who is extremely powerful because of his influence on other people . so , bringing law or amendments do not serve the purpose in any sector including farming till the respected influential criminal on tv & in the society are not referred as what they are in the society . so , that a criminal leader do not create people from the youth his fans on the basis of fake persona & slowly manipulates them to be extremely violent on the masses . thus , it is better to say them what they are rather than calling them as ' saabs ' & giving the respected criminals acceptance .
now the deoiled soya price gone extremely high
the people who are protesting are not farmers they're brokers
thanks
buffer stocking will reduce black marketing , its sounds same as banning 1k notes and printing 2k notes will black reduce curruption
monoply of corporate will still be more diverse than the monoply of the government .
punjab and haryana want the monoply to continue so they can keep getting the money whilst the rest of the farmers die .
farm laws are indeed a big good thing for farmers . surprisingly the well-to-do farmers in punjab and haryana want status-quo to continue . farmers from other states do see a huge benefit from farm laws ! the left elements and opposition have been very good at enhancing the confusion . since this issue is happening in the mid-term it is not going to influence 2024 elections . unnecessarily they are robbing the farmers from escalating to new heights in the field of agriculture .
instead of stopping new farm bill for 18 months let farmers experience new farm bill for 18 months and side by side committee form bring any amendment if needed on the experience of farmers then farmers will release that new farm bill is in there favours . let kotak securities kotak bank open 3 in 1 account of farmers i . e demat , trading , bank account , also teach farmers how to export agro products of export quality skill development under kotak bank global trade account for exporters small marginal big farmers all over india . farmers will have 2nd line of income support . while getting benefit of 2nd line of income they can provide food grains of good quality
pagdi sabhaaaml oye ( idiom ) or some song name of the same name sake song " pagdi saambhaal oye " ;: for the better of democracy plz use your logic ; " don't trust anyone unless you have any written assurance backed by the honourable judiciary "
99.9 percent of farmers in india sell their crops locall marcket this bill will make farmers slaves to corporate company like adani & ambani
i came here to understand the new law but the report seems to understand less
this is not a farmer agitation it is arthiyas agitation ... arthiyas are the agent who are used of squeezing poor farmers , but modi now doesn't allow this anymore ...
this will work well in the long term .. there will be some short term pain
these farm laws the best . if punjabis don't want it leave them implement in rest of the country and they can join later .
frauds , its not broker pay the tax . farmer pays the tax . brokers are buying it from farmers less price . if he sell outside , he will get good price . 10 janpath salve . stop this nonsense
only apmc mandi traders dont want it ... its protest of rich farmers
i hope 143k people who watched this video will support farmers
so , can you please also explain why mostly farmers from punjab are only protesting against the laws ? why don't you highlight the real reason behind such conjectures of fear ? why don't you highlight what the condition of the farmers were during the time of the congress government ? and also please tell me the who the farmers you actually spoke to .
comments are about the lady . only anti national views
1 ) if all farmers are against this bill means they will not sell there produce to private mandis , then how can these private mandi can exploit them . 2 ) this law increases competition among artiyas and private firms , if private firms offer higher prices of crops then it will forces artiyas to increase there prices also .
nice vedio gud knowledge .
make the rich , richer and the poor , poorer . that's what modi want .
haha that's the problem with u librandus ... talks of farmers laws .. but mentions problem about middle men .
listen to the colin gonsalves , senior advocate of the supreme court of india and the founder of human rights law network ... this bill is unfair to farmers and is a fight is for the heart and soul of india . <url> listen to p . sainath on youtube .. he says farm bill is the corporate hijack of india and it will create utter chaos , and this is a fight for india , not just for farmers . ' <url>
well explained . this is a corporate sell out .
so the conclusion of your report is mandi owners are in loss not farmers
thanks for sharing the details . in the solution , you mentioned as govt has assured getting msp . we are border districts ok karanrata due to mandi system . we cant sell our group to another state where the price is much higher . another problem is if all farmers start growing only one crop that has the highest msp then when will happen to fci . because most mos the farmer is going single corp then water consumption is more . most of the mandi under control of local politician we are getting a better price . :( i feel current laws new law is better than existing law
i got fan the way you speak ... its was nicely explained by you maam , especially it sound logical to me ... and at last i want to say that it improved my level of understanding the issue , thanks ! ! !
the word ' middleman ' is being criminalized throughout decade . every educated nuts like us and also our policymakers don't know what crucial role a middleman plays in supply chain and how deeply and logically farmers are dependent on them . they are not just money grabbers what most of us think . the price gap of a product between farm gate and retail price is not just middleman's profit . most of it is the cost of providing services and wastage of produce throughout the process because of inefficient supply chain . lots of respect to you guys.first time i have watched a content on this issue that shows the real groundwork behind it .
there is one point which u have mentioned wrong ... if there is surplus of crop the price will go down and buyer would take benifit . this is incorrect the law says about fall and rise in price . even if price goes down in market buyer has to pay as per the set contract price . in fact if the price goes up then farmers can again negotiate with buyer that he wish to sell as per market price and buyers has to oblige . other points were explained pretty well . i would also share one view .. it's government's duty to take care of apmc , like u mentioned salary , roads , maintenance etc . if they don't get tax from farmers they would still be functional from government . they have a budget for all this . it'll like in corona trains are not running so railways employees won't get salary or how maintenance would happen how new tracks would be laid out . answer is everything would function .
they have helped me understand it way better than the 2 months of waching news channels
the law is basically india's biggest middleman removing his competition .
great explanation . but just one suggestion , when you are metioning the people in a prominent position , you should be adding their designation with their name . doing this " modi , modi " makes you look like a biased one .
honestly .. you'd think actual tv news would have atleast a scruple of sense into them but hell no . usa , india's political ally , is paying the farmer's to cause internal mutiny .. because i don't know .. india is suddenly successful like ussr and there's a cold war between us . and on the other hand we have to find actual news on youtube .
i would consider this news channel to be saying absolute truth with unbiased opinion and information . but you forgot to mention the role of the private players as the hidden controllers of the government - the ambanis and adanis
seriously ... jaha jyada paisa milega waha bechega ... modi is still thinks he is not pm of india but he campaigner of chaddi gang ... best mandis of india is in delhi ( parliament ) and state legislatures ... where junk is sold and purchased ... let farmers sell their produces in best mandis as above ...
now farmers have negotiating power in mandis ? . we have seen farmers throwing on roads when the price of tomato crashed to less than a rupee at mandis . they could not even recover transportation cost , where was negotiating power . now the mandi cartel decides what rate . if existing system is so good or just good , why are farmers committing suicide ... oppose for the sake of opposing or opposing is itself an opportunity to make money ...
i would like to know why some other people think these farm laws are good . i want hear in their perceptive .
good . hope all concerned parties drop their ego in favour of the bottom farmer and end user ( consumer ) . everything must not be made an election issue .
be impartial while delivering news as , you are presenting only one side of coin that most of yours subscriber waana listen . there is also the other side . lol
another solution by an ias teacher and phd dr , watch this one <url>
listen to this one - <url> to know the history about msp and what congress did under manmohan singh and swaminathan committee recommendations .
bjp and congress both have expressed the issues with ' apmc ' mandi having lots of issues . kerala n many other states do not use the mandi . rice grower of kerala are not protesting . the projected roles of adatiya being glorified by this lady . why is this protest , since the large growers of wheat do not know the tax payer money of 33000 crores , which was coming to the states , what will happen ? govt has been buying the wheat , its reaching the pds shops via apmc and not that all the goods sold is class ' a ' . in fact the pds ration shop wheat is not palatable by a common man . this means a good grower of wheat lets say 100 quintals , in reality is selling 200 quintals in apmc ( out of which 100 is stones and not real wheat ) . then the money related to this wheat , goes to middlemen and farmers . ashirvad atta company or similar ones do not buy this wheat . when farmer dumps his wheat in apmc mandi , who finally buys it from there and where does the wheat gets utilised , has the real answers for this protest . why does govt still imports despite bumper crop ( or farmer does not export ) , if he has done excellent quality and has a fear of the price drop . ? ? ? few questions are based on fears . these are away from reality ... on ground , the news channel should visit apmc ware houses and show the pictures of rats and rotten wheat laying , lack of disposal in time and usage . that will clear all the muck . the channels are not spending time to show real ware house conditions .
thanks for the initiative , this really helpful ..
well done as an anchor but does not has any idea of ground reality . 5:49 " farmers corrected us by telling that adhati is not an exploitative entity " really ! ! i mean really ! ! may be she was told so by " protesting farmers " ( or should i say " protesting adhati " which are going loose their monopoly by these farm laws , or they will have to compete ( put efforts ) to stay in market , because market is all about efficiency . ) i wish people had more common sense . voting for the vary same corrupt polititions ( caste / class preferences ) and believing in exploitative adhati and reactionists politition is not good . msp is not going anywhere . like in every case where situation demands the government stands with its people ( whether rcep , pandemic ( govt . was paying salary , medical services , welfare paments , subsidies etc even though economy was at a standstill ) , it is the govt who is providing subsidies , 6000 rs . at the first place for welfare of its people , or any other situation ) , so will be in this case . the future is free ( and regulated ) market .
10:07 that mean i should not say a ' rotten banana ' , " rotten banana " ; because it might hurt its sentiments .
4:55 that's the benefit of contract farming rate is fixed no matter if price falls company have to buy on that price
can you trust this man with white beard ? he has sold india down the river eg railway etc , he looted public of 500 rupees , did not bring back ill gotten monies ( black money ) and the list goes on .
can you trust this fat boy ?
farmers in the other parts of india don't have a single problem and why do these punjab farmers have a problem ? congress the opposition government is creating chaos in india against bjp and narendra modi . and the farmers of the rest of the india came to protest against these farmers protesting for no reason . making innocent faces won't make you great and develop stympathy for these fake farmers in no smart person's heart . these are khalistani people and kisan andolan is just a name but they are the khalistani supporters . these people protested with the khalistani flag in usa also at the same time and they said it was all linked and planned . and why would any farmer stay antil their need in their farms ? why will they remain wasting their time in protests during their sowing and harvesting season . no farmers who would actually be suffering would wait for so long for any purpose during their sowing and harvesting season . starting from 9th august and continued for 7 months and 2 days . can any farmer stay for so long . no they can't . then who are these ? they are the fake farmers or not an indian . because no indian would create chaos on the republic day of his / her country india ! " jai jawan jai kisan " is a slogan famous in india . now will any true indian and a true kisan ( farmer ) create a chaos on the red fort in india that too on an important day for india which is it's republic day . these fake farmers on that day beated the police , destroyed the government things and harmed at the red fort . why is this not highlighted . why is it not highlighted that how come only farmers from punjab have issues with the new law introduced ? ? ? this is all dirty plans of congress .
yes , why only punjabi farmers have a problem with the laws and not the other farmers all over the india ? ? are only punjabi's a farmers in india ? why no one stressing on how the created a chaos and beat police . why no one stressing upon the fact that the other farmers of india protested against these punjabi farmers and said that if the other farmers of india have no problem with this then why there is a problem with only these ? ? this is too much of partiality . congress purposely doing these bad games .
thanks protect the small farmers .. why not tax the super rich or eat the super rich
every reporter has a different way of explaining the laws , yet in all history , the farmers are stinking rich by using small farmers to produce for them . what about that ?
very well explained ! ! .. thumbs up
what is arti that you are referring many times ?
logic itself is flawed as they went to farmers protest to gain insights about govt vs farmer . it would make more sense to also go to non protestors and understand why these laws will work . technically sample space is skewed
some negative dimensions of creating the difficulties in the short term but it's the reality that these provisions can improved our farmers in the long term
has the government banned mandi system ? no . then why can't the protesting farmers continue the old system . let both prevail .
rip fare and lovely hd glow
why was modi flying in ambanis plane during election ? once the corporations gets full control over the markets with big promises they will drop there rates and show there real face ... greed and profit is the only language corporations speak
becoz some paid media like yours spreading fake narratives
stupid to say in one word decently . a reform recommended by various committees , demanded at various times by these very same farm associations & finding mention in political parties ' manifestos suddenly becomes contentious ? if " farmers " are worried about their mandis & ' middlemen ' fading out , what prevents them from contributing the taxes saved to them ? it's quite strange that ' humble service providers ' suddenly become " life saviors " & " family lenders " ! ! where do they get all the monies when they are worried about their livelihood being lost due to these reform laws ? ? nothing of your blabber makes any sense . what is very visible is your mad rage to oppose whatever the govt does . considering this reform has potential to increase contribution of farming sector to gdp by two fold , and , that we have no other arsenal in our efforts to boost economy this significantly , any opposition to this reform must be construed as criminal & those who are fantasizing that this govt can be brought down by developing a perception of general disenchantment , would even sell the country if it can fulfill their dreams . while you have no compulsion to become a good citizen , just reflect on yourself as to why are you doing this great harm to a poor country whose poor people are desperately looking for meeting their basic needs & live a dignified life ? it should hurt your conscience if you have one .
quite comprehensive thank you ! ! !
very well explained . thankyou for this !
ai will one day control everything and will make human their slave , so investing in ai should be stopped with immediate effect ... ! ! !
are there any contradicting opinions to this ?
middle men providing loans to farmers sounds silly defence to deny a bill . the number of middle men losing their job with such a bill is not comparable to the amount of difference this act brings to number of farmers across the country . if you want to make new policies for the general good of the country and dont want to compromise on few jobs that are inevitable to be removed eventually , u r never going to pass any bills in any country with such a pessimistic non gutsy approach . the people commenting here are so into the girl , praising her skills of explanation and voice rather than judging the content of the speech .
thanks for the explanation ..
your middleman argument makes no sense ... why can't they just be hired under a different name then ? that " organic " instant credit system you are talking about is vulnerable to exploitative methods and although has its innocent uses it can be used to rip people off and launder money ... ? !
i'm in the uk and interested in what is going on with the farmers . trying to understand the laws or the reason why the farmers are protesting is not simple as your reporting shows the complexity and nuances of the situation . a very well considered impartial reporting style . thank you .
if the farmer protest fails , this will be the last protest we are witnessing
add subtitles for hindi
the protests are a win-win situation for farmers and govt ... farmers wanted to express themselves and govt wanted a distraction for the public coz you know , bjp's distract and rule policy and all , always keep the public less ill-informed , un-educated and distracted ... first caa , then covid and other chinese issues and now farmers , all problems wantedly created by the govt just to keep people busy reading about those issues
dear reporter , it is a good presentation . but couple of doubts . 1.why apmc is not perfect system and what are the complaints . 2 . they worry is about sale of surplus production of crop , why can't they go to another buyer . they can even go to apmc at msp price . 3 . they are worrying about adthi funding . how about banks ? 4 . they think they are weaker in negotiation positions , if that is the case then why can't they do collective selling so that many farmers will negotiate and sell it . then they will have a higher hand . they themselves will come for selling in any areas . 5 . they think if adthi will not lend money if they are side out by the companies , but their primary business is lending , still can lend the money for the marriages or any health issues by depositing their documents to them as usual . 6 . the adthi can also become a private company . they will buy the crop from the farmers . 7 . what is the difference between adthi and a private company apart from personal relations . 8 . why always big companies will come for buying , why can't small companies and adthi's can come for buying . can you help me to understand this madam .
extremely well explained
it is the job of the delhi police and gov to verify credibility of protestors and there profession as if which a wrong intention innocent delhites peace wellness and cannot be at risk
was it verified if the actual profession of each protestor was farming only by the delhi police
farmers are always nature lovers and peaceful people they are strong enough to discuss why will they protest then especially when 80 percentage of india is farmers
why then are farmers in punjab growing rice because of subsidized power and water . that system needs reform badly .
great presentation .
" artiyas are friends of the farmer and do not exploit them " amazing research .
beautifully explained :) thank you .
earlier i thought news laundry is a cool news link as they boasted how their channel is unbiased and all .. today its proven that newslaundry is not reliable and is definitely biased ... this channel is picking emotions and not the facts ... thanks such channels are only creating the problem and ruckus .. and definitely one must check the background of this media before relying on them blindly ..
why does the pm sound like an kindergarten teacher - ummm ... the bottom line is the farmers dont trust the govts intent .
the government would have anyway passed the laws bcoz they have a clear majority . laws are constitutional and you can't question that . you seem more concerned about the people of apmcs than farmers . yes some ammendments are necessary as you said about the settlement of disputes but you can't reject the laws by putting your narrative . laws will favour the farmers only if you let them come out of traditional ways of growing and selling crops
deputy chairman of rajya sabha he is accused of farm bill he know's avery thing
newslaundry make a video about string
if the middleman was serving the purpose , then why were farmers unhappy and committing suicide ? she is only telling straight faced lies , or incomplete truth .
if market prices crash ? the risk is that of the buyer who has already agreed to the purchase price .
half-baked truth at best . apply the logic in reverse . the mundees are trying to drive the competition away . mundees will have to pay a better price if there is competition . mundees don't just rely on taxes to pay taxes , otherwise how do they buy the produce from the farmers ?
agriculture reforms had to be done by consulting with farmers of all classes in all levels
private companies are no better than british east india company . and apmc is corrupt we need a fair market with no middleman , no private companies nor apmc
sathyam vada dharmam chara 1 . govt must put msp in the policy writing 2 . no brokers - no apmc and no private brokers . why middleman whether it is government or private middleman
that what happens when the power goes to a single man or company , all the small men dies . they are not changing the way a bill is passed in the parliament but they are changing the parliament building . yeah #fraud #modi desh ko kangal kar chodega .
u need to do lots of study at ground level about real money made by arhatiyas and unorganised credit system which keep farmers indebted for life
she is just opposite to what godi media reporters act like ... she is just reporting the facts not acting like others
my deduction from the comments : if you hate modi , you will fancy her :d
newslaundry doesn't tell you that private players have to pay tax to govt in contract farming ! therefore , the tax that was supposed to be coming from mandi will be coming from private players ! and here the farmer doesn't even have to pay tax ! jaago bharat jaago ! edit 1 : why are they lying ? if arhtiyas lose their job and in turn people employed by them , according to them the private players will use them as labourers or workers ; this will turn a kisan-arhtiya person-person deal to kisan-company person-company deal , which will make it difficult for kisan to negotiate . but why aren't they telling the fact that the law mentions that kisan can emd the contract anytime in between and has no provision like that of punjab that they'll be jailed . the laws protect the kisan . edit 2 : they talk about how arhtiyas give money to kisan purely based on trust to bail them out . and they won't tell you , again , that the interest will be higher than that of a bank . please don't spread a one sided narrative . edit 3 : nl says that as sdm will resolve dispute in contract farming and not civil court , and that they are corrupt so they fear losing the fight , but why won't you tell the people that constitutional courts are always open ? edit 4 : why can't an ordinance take place ? what's wrong in it ? if they had an issue with it , why did they not debate it during the duration which was meant for debate ? why say they bulldozed it ? just because you hate modiji ? edit 5 : they ask how can govt call laws pro farmers ? read it and you'll understand edit 6 : what do you even mean ? only 50k " people claiming to farmers " don't represent the farmers of the country . no one saying all are being mislead . some have been mislead , some are doing it purposely , and some are not even farmers but still going there to sit for fun !
how the way the laws were brought in ? exactly ! the use of craft and cunning to hijack the farmers trust ! ! for a change , why not let the farmers reframe these 3 farm bills ?
lets see ! ! what does majority of indians supports farm law or not ? ? like---support dislike / comment - - - against
you really explained well
watch string channel latest video ... exposing wire .. laundry .. alt and many more journalist
it doesn't matter whether u win a nobel prize it's tough to get out of ur ideology
prof . jagdish bhagwati maybe be cursing nobel prize committee
call someone like jagdish bhagwati .
there won't be any monopoly for farmers yields bcos there is alreading too much competition growing between many different companies for farm yields , , , companies will compete for prices
abhijeet banerji should support these farm laws . these farms are going to reduce inequality among farmers .
abhijeet banerjee is only talking about might happen he fails to point out a single bad point in the new farm law
we have experts in comment section
how did this men won a noble . even a laymen could explain better
all country farmers cannot come to delhi , kerala is opposing these laws . farmers from rajasthan are being prevented to join them . and why state issue is being totally changed . why not msp is not given for other things reforms should be made with taking all involved into consideration .
india needs performer not thorist .
this guy manufactures his data
na hua hai na hoga . like china has not entered india nor will it enter . the soldiers died of verbal lies of modi
of course modi will not tell the whole truth . he will let ambani loose on the small farmers
this kanwal guy is stupid . he is saying only punjab farmers are protesting . does he expect tamil nadoo farmers to come to delhi as well .. just proves modi owns this guy
just say yes to him ... he'll hit with you nobel
a tv anchor challenging nobel winner in former economic laws and nailed him . nobel select committee panel need serious introspection !
what a fantastic debate done by both economist , but no one talking about the mid way to resolve this situation . we viewers want the answer of this problem from the economist of india without any diplomatic answer which is linked to politics . government should take that decision which is good for both farmers and consumer .
nobel laureate _ really ! ! !
its not the right time ! ! ! thats his argument the best time for any change is now !
the mandi agents , under the currently passed laws , will have to provide traceability of their transactions with the farmers as well as the retail end where they would off-load their stock ... and that will be taxable ... ! ! ... no more driving bmws without paying taxes ... ! ! ... so , whether it is mandi agents or corporates ... the govt . will mop up taxes ... which was missing for 73 years ... ! !
they say mandis wont go anywhere then why mandis are closing in mp
host is misleading with facts , i think dr banerjee should not have responded
i've sold my own paddy at the rate of 1300 in rohtas bihar don't i deserve msp ? bhakts will bring me a buyer ? or they're just good at trolling ?
why can't we these kind of debates in hindi media
mr banerjee plz tell what s the wrong in bill .. you are a nobel winner .. my god .. u have no words
abhijith is what type of economist ..
arvind's insisting on trusting in pm is the whole issue . farmers have clearly declared that they don't trust pm .
a new young arnab is on the way to be born in india today . look out friends
abhijeet banerjee , hasn't pointed a single flaw with the bill . all he says is that the timing is wrong or speaks from the pov of farmers . we knew farmers pov . mr abhijeet hasn't added anything new to this debate .
mr arvind answers are flawed they don't seem to have any weight comparison to mr banerjee is answers
imagine this dude got a nobel , just imagine . all he did during entire debate was say that ohh they are scared but i cannot really lost out any reason for their anxiety but we should consider them cause they are sacred
abhijit talking like agitating rich farmers not as an economist
pls have abhijeet banerjee with his analysis of the bihar example
i ur channel preeti choudhury gave a detailed analysis of what's going on in all the states good job preeti more information please as i am confined to my home sr citizen i watch all ur programs
this is laughable , he is twisting argument so much he comes out as an idiot
now i get to know , abhijeet banerjee is just dumb when he said that msp should be declared in advance . rip ' nobel prize '
these farmlaws are implemented in bihar years backs and now you can see the development of farmers and youth . bihar is giving labour to whole india , there farmers are working in farmland of haryana and punjab ... bitter truth
rest in peace india
manmohan singh was best . ye bs fenku hai
we are preparing for upsc ... we didnt find any much flaw in the law ... rather every provision is in favour of farmers ...
in seven years , price of most of things has doubled
congress is harmful for india
he always twisted the answer not giving straight forward answer .
and the main problem is not the act or law ; the problem is that the judiciary of india is so poor that you would have indian law saying for instance " making obscene videos is a crime or encouraging a movie porn maker is a crime in itself . " but , these people are celebrated on news channel every moment & are not penalised as per the law . so , bringing a law giving farmer right prices enabling them to enjoy their due share saying that farmers right will be protected after the legal agreement with the other party . i don't believe that it is possible , the reason is that the celeberated corrupt enjoys great power & half of the masses don't know that they are corrupt and address them as ' saabs ' & fear them as they are influential . because criminals in suits or proper kurta pyjama in farming & other sectors enjoys good influence in the society and are a reason of crime done on many . it is first hard for a non-influential farmer to file his complaint . even if he does , it is not easy to get justice along with that he has to face violence & threat if he is challenging a person who is extremely powerful because of his influence on other people . so , bringing law or amendments do not serve the purpose in any sector including farming till the respected influential criminal on tv & in the society are not referred as what they are in the society . so , that a criminal leader do not create people from the youth his fans on the basis of fake persona & slowly manipulates them to be extremely violent on the masses . thus , it is better to say them what they are rather than calling them as ' saabs ' & giving the respected criminals acceptance .
why modi is not wearing mask ?
2:57 a person in the 3 row is sleeping this is why our country will never improve
being intelligent and keeping a look that shows intelligence are 2 completely different things
manmohan singh is not orator lie modi but more intelligent thn modi but just in educational knowledge but again not practical as modi
manmohan sing was a right . now indians realised
sale country to adani and ambani
irony is how much different is rajya sabha ( intellectuals and awardees ) from the loksabha ( most have criminal charges )
illiterate is teaching literate
manmohan singh : i can't explain him what i said ... just keep claim
thanos - i used stones to destroy stones modi - i used congress to destroy congress
half of the people are sleeping . it must be a great place to take a nap .
pm ( chaiwala ) stop your bs . get lost in mountains dont harass the poor farmers . don't compare ms to you . he is a literate and qualified person ... stop your bs pls and leave your seat . resign now . you have no brains to rule the nation . take a hike .
history will be kinder to me
when m.m.singh speaks whole nation listen when useless modi n sitraman speaks only media people listen by closing there ears
modi used covid to kill millions of indians . hindu nationalist rss will pay for this .
country needs manmohan singh come back
indo asia and indo world gov of international bj's dal any time first time right every time right
im laughing at manmohan sing when he was in power , i thought he his robot for all his silence , but now i understand who is idiot , stupid & totally 3rd class fellow , and diverting 70 % indians from his cheap 3rd class talk .. shame on you modi . u dont deserve to talk infront manmohan sigh . he will remain in the history like good pm , and people remind you as idiot pm . note my wors
there was one indian prime minister long long ago conducted press meet directly met journalists and still spoke the truth ... does india really deserves this
rip india
manmohan singh at least can speak in english but our present prime minister can't
democracy gives you the right to protest ... not to disrupt . politicians should learn this , else the masses will teach them the hard way .
you came in power for opposing what manmohan did not for copying what he said
modi mocking about u-turns is lmao . since 2014 , #uturnsbjpee are 1 ) aadhaar card was supposed to the the biggest scam - now , it is the maai-ka-laal card for indians 2 ) bjpee was against fdi to empower existing traders - today they are become maundendranath 3 ) mm singh was selling the nation to foreign hands when 1 usd reached rs . 61 - and petrol prices reached rs . 65.00 / litre . modi was supposed to get them to rs . rs . 45.00 and rs . 50.00 respectively . today the petrol prices are rs . 103 / litre and 1 usd = rs . 73.00 . is mr . modi also selling the nation to foreign hands and 2 companies , ambani and adani too ?
go debate sir modi with delhi cm with live telecast
beard only growth
one large market is what manmohan singh said ... modi bitch is encouraging 2 markets now .. one is apmc and the other one belongs to private players ...
850 academicians signed letter in support of farm laws all major economists and researchers supporting the laws including dr . swaminathan , imf , wto etc . who have problems ? farmers from punjab and haryana and other green revolution places . the farming practices of them will bring famine as groundwater depletion is so high . only 7 % of indian farmers use msp but 95 % punjabi is farmers use msp . bihar who brought similar reforms , increased its agri growth rate from near 2 % to 7 % and punjab has a very low growth rate which is decreasing even more .
so farmers are only in punjab ?
today i'm learning english with modiji ..
this quote was of 2011 during anna andolan .. it was about higher returns . these laws were implemented in maharashtra . the entire grape was given to wine companies . and in punjab given to the frito lays company for potatoes and onion . these backfired in northern region while we all drink sula red wine from nasik .. during 2008 or 9 he also waived 10000 crores of the poor farmers .. the man who is on the verge of chrony capitalism is mocking the best economist india has write now
it ij
waiting for manmohan singh to join bjp
modi is the worst thing ever happened to india modi don't even know how to give respect to one of the best leader of our country .
ghatia pm ever
i have reading comments here , although i do it rarely but i feel sad that our country lacks so much intellectual . it is supposed that education brings intellectual but in india it doesn't look like .
farmers are upset because they used to dump their produce in the mandi and now will have to make some damn effort to sell not that it will go unsold or that they will have to face loss but because they will have to make an effort
modi to ab parliament house be baichega
manmohan singh should be kicked out of congress . petrol hike is his idea . enemy within . enjoyed pm post , not elected from people at all .
bane reading gordon's resignation letter 2.05
absolutely right
have taken permission from sonia or not otherwise ... ?
pariwar ki shadi and government me difference hai , government should follow each democratic process , no matter what the decision is , if we keep bypassing them , what's the use of having democracy then , let's go with dictatorahip
arey kissey puchke banaya gaya matlab ? jissey puchke demonitization hua tha usi se . as if demonitization rbi governor se puchke hua tha .
such a lousy supreme court ... i know industrialization leads to mass exploitation of poor , innocent , rural people , but that creates products on a massive scale , and with more forced labor and further research , products are strong and firm which can be exported outside and in return we will earn millions and billions . but that will lead to mass exploitation first . anything good needs sacrifice ... innocence and sentiment must be scrapped from people's brains ...
bilkul sahee . dhongi kissan ko is kanoon se door rakhio . baki desh bhar meis ko lagoo karoo . kanoon banane ke liye agar sc rokega too desh me elected peopels are not required . let court take over totel india
totally fake bjp
good decision by supreme court
ab chamcho ko judiciary theek lgne lgi
sc behaving like a political party.if you find wrong then stay or hold it
salute sc thanks apko
? we support farmer law bill
judiciary has no such powers , just who the hell are these loser lawyer turned judges ( some in foreign payroll , some honey trapped , some just desh drohis ) to play god ? we want principles of natural justice ( dharma ) to be paramount , illegal collegium judiciary is responsible for naxal red corridor , ethnic cleansing of kashmiri pandits and khalistani movement . thousands of undertrials rot in jail because these melords take decades to solve cases and insist on ridiculous bail money and guarantee from very poor people . they have done extreme judicial overreach to legalise adultery / homosexuality and bitcoin against the will of indian public . all info from captain ajit vadakayil , read his blogs " we the people are done with illegal collegium judiciary , form military courts to hang jewish deep state payroll judges who bleed bharatmata " " nsa must form military courts , bypass the desh drohi judiciary , and hang foreign funded traitors on the streets "
supreme court se insaaf ki ummeed na rakhe to accha hai
very good supreme court , . nice
4 view youtuber
and the main problem is not the act or law ; the problem is that the judiciary of india is so poor that you would have indian law saying for instance " making obscene videos is a crime or encouraging a movie porn maker is a crime in itself . " but , these people are celebrated on news channel every moment & are not penalised as per the law . so , bringing a law giving farmer right prices enabling them to enjoy their due share saying that farmers right will be protected after the legal agreement with the other party . i don't believe that it is possible , the reason is that the celeberated corrupt enjoys great power & half of the masses don't know that they are corrupt and address them as ' saabs ' & fear them as they are influential . because criminals in suits or proper kurta pyjama in farming & other sectors enjoys good influence in the society and are a reason of crime done on many . it is first hard for a non-influential farmer to file his complaint . even if he does , it is not easy to get justice along with that he has to face violence & threat if he is challenging a person who is extremely powerful because of his influence on other people . so , bringing law or amendments do not serve the purpose in any sector including farming till the respected influential criminal on tv & in the society are not referred as what they are in the society . so , that a criminal leader do not create people from the youth his fans on the basis of fake persona & slowly manipulates them to be extremely violent on the masses . thus , it is better to say them what they are rather than calling them as ' saabs ' & giving the respected criminals acceptance .
godi media ; bjp jhute jhute jhuth always jhuth
16:11 time pe kya bolna chahatethe modi-g
he using emotional drama . he is dramabaazz . wrost pm of all times india lost its democracy ...
go back modhi
who came here for lies and entertainment ?
modi government down down .. emotional black mailing
this man is nothing short of hitler and the world needs to take notice
congress had never depressed india as modi 2 did
modi is making fun of himself
yeah and i know someone will point out the editing mistakes instead of pointing out the points he is saying ... matlab kuch reh hi nhi gya h galat sabit krne ko ... poori live stream dekh lo agar dekhna hi h to ... highlights ko dekhkar senseless opinion mat do ... offend nhi kr rha ... aankhe khol rha hu ...
modiji has all the power , is he loosing authority ?
gandu pm of india
revised
chor
httt bechood
why the f the video is repeated again and again ?
jhutha
bol bacchan
jhutha
this editing of speech is terrible ! whoever did this editing missed some college classes for sure .
this man is one of the great orators of the 21st century .
modi is now a comedian
bjp got deivated from reforms it promised of and so i am glad they are back to pushing these tough reforms . we wont be able to grow fast without land and labour reform . privatisation and disinvestment that this govt promised in the budget also needs to be executed fast for the greater good of our country . i expected modi to bring these reforms long back in 2014-2019 regime itself but they wasted times on other noneconomic issues . der aaye durust aaye .
worst prime minister of india
fuddu pm aa . congratulations lannd bhakhtoh , you give birth to new dictator today .
modi is new saddam in the house .
but few mnths before u said they are terrorists , so this means u accept today that they r farmers
" liberals " opposing liberal reforms such an irony only in india .
modi is destroying india and it's horrible
modi is a great prime minister of india
this is big actor
buddhe .. agr raato raat nhi aaye to .. unhe implement krne ki scheme hoti hai koi sarkar ne pehle desh bech diya corporates ko abhi agriculture sector bhi bechh de
but 500notes will be cancel n put effort on middle class n poo people , shame on you , over night laws will not change , but u can change as ur wish , bcz law is ur keep
godi media failing , we are indians . hum sabb ek he hindu , sikh , muslim , jain , buddhist wee are make india , abi modi is finished . modi ne kya kia ? modi ji ne kya kia ? save the farmers . save india
shame on you
the worst pm ever
no body want to listen you
jo bhi act hain o congress wale hi plan laye the app ne ab jarikar rahe ho
suddenly ndtv faviorit channel of dalals of punjab . fans of the channel are disliking its own video . wow idiots wow ...
we did not brought law overnight but we never consulted with farmers about law because it wasn't necessary ...
with so much fertile land and farmers , neighbouring countries can be an market with marginal profits to encourage the local farming ! especially bangladesh and srilanka including pakistan , china . jai jawan , jai kisan .
i love the way he is begging now . one side his ambani-adani papa will cut his pocket money other side farmer will cut his diet / roti pani bichara modi
don't trust him
and the award for best actor goes to - samjh jawo
when you pull the trigger and give the credit to the gun maker ..
lol nice acting skills
enough of acting .. people of india are tired plz . just give the farmers what they want and move on
one can see jealousness amonst most of the channel viewers
1:34 " apne vaado ko pura nai kiya " i remember modi promised more than 10 million ( 1 crore ) jobs in 2014 and i don't see that fulfilled .
who is this ? ? ?
i feels it's happening in first time in our indian history , where most of bills passed by centre is either lying with supreme court for challenge / validations , or people come out on roads itself for revokings all of them .
jaise demonization per chrcha ker kiya tha .. jaise lockdown gst etc .
a blunder lie ... somebody please tell him , not everybody are brainless like them
outcome of one night stand ..
the law is for the development of rich businessma not farmers . they passed the law for getting money for the rich businessmen .
parties never thought that pm modi will open old file subramanian of farmers , give them all benefits , now cannot even repent .
shameless fellow , some one kick him out of his office
y this feku papa spending time to became dislike chacha
another lie another fraud , doesnt this old man gets tired .
yes what all he said was correct ... yes it was 100 % true ... that it will develop adani and ambanii .. wah sir fan of u .. help me with 15 lakhs u promised or else please don't feku
u r right ye to soch smj k ambani adani se puch k aye h
original topic pe aaeye sir
not true , farmers do not need laws but support .
why news channel are covering his nonsense
why there is more dislike than like in this video , why to this channel dislike to modis account
it was passed in 3 days ... while gst took 13 years to take shape ..
charcha nahi hai . sir ji yahan 20 lac people are sitting on the border of delhi
chor pardhan mantri
i think he lives in some parallel universe . or people following him do . always blaming others . anyways chup kyu h salmaan ? ? xd
no idea about farm laws but demonitization was also not brought overnight . let's hope this doesn't do disaster like his older brother demonitization did .
so why was there no consultation , with the people it effects , stop filling the pockets of the rich . you are a money grabbing hideous and pathetic excuse for a person , let alone prime minister . if you really believe in your laws , go to the protest . no one is giving you any credit for anything , get that clear .
stop self praising . we are not fools . drame baaj
primister should explain the nation how bill was passed in distrubed atmosphere of rajyashabha by deputy speaker over night without proper debate on it . vedio in this regard available in social media ?
yes he is right because it takes time to think that how can we make happy our ambani and adani
jhootha no . 1
i support farm laws . anti-farm law protests are anti-farmer . period .
and that friends is how you lie with a straight face .
welcome to bjp news ..
bahi government chor hai
when this govt and current tyrants will fall , your media will close all the credibility ...
aur kitna giroge .. shame on u ...
abp 2006 msp 1465 900
godi media anchor not fell sham for give all wrong information
dont trust this fekoo modi , he has been misled indian so many time , note bandi , 15lakh , gst , kala dhan , ashe din , his mother and wife have no anymore trust on him , he is just agent of andani ambani , , he will destroy all country very soon , he should start making tea somewhere
muslim leader that leftist sab gadder . misguiding the kisans .
link of the pdf : <url>
the old and the new law both are wrong .. tested the mandis ... it's a mad place ... you will not get what's on paper ... the new one also comes with a lot of flaws ... need our retired army personnel or reserved army personnel to get this job done ( make them the middle man specifically those whom have spent some time on border ) ... jay jawan jay kissan ...
poor analysis and not all proper data in video . please improve the quality of content .
chief justice of india salary now be rs 2.8 lakh per month
love for khalistan ... punjab is an independent country you can't change our identity
why did government destroy roads , put barricades n use water guns when farmers were going to delhi with the protest .. ? ! ? i just want to know this ! ? !
supreme court appointed 4 members , n all of these members had already written articles in favour of farm laws .. so how can u think that the solution will be biased .. ! ! ? !
supreme court ko hi bhnchd pm bna do
option c
government should discuss before implementation . definitely big players are behind of these pressure .
c
other judges 2.5 lack
thanks for uploading it
why can't government take bills back ... if farmers don't want these ... democracy is no more left in lndia ... why can't they see them sitting in severe cold weather ... he will have to take back these bills ... as punjabis have never step back in any field ... and why modi didn't asked farmers that do they need this ... proud to be punjabi ... and a farmer
why govt is not giving written assurance on msp ? our pm tweets about washington roits but what about farmers who sacrificed their lives in protest . are they not citizen of this country ?
c
farmer unions supporting the bill are registered in dec 2020
farm laws should be implemented as soon as possible
excuse me sir / madam are you saved ? if you died tonight are you going to heaven ? jesus loves everyone even jesus loves your enemies
option c ans
just putting a hold on farm law isnt enough . they must be dismissed entirely .
farmer protest is as peacefull as the religion of peace
2lakh 80thousand rupee .
farmer's msp " "
on 9.13 ( magar thore se protest hue ) ? yeh thore se protest hai ? i had a alot of respect for you prashant sir but you are not no more unbiased
bhai tu to baised lagta hai towards current government tu b hindu rastra chahta hai kya just asking . ?
judicial reform and police reforms are delayed by centuries
41 farmers commits suicide everyday
ndtv videos are available in which they are saying how innovating contract farming is in 2013 , now in 2020 they are saying farmers will lose their land . wtf .
modification in farm laws is the solution not repealing it . i don't know why people are not talking about farm reform . they should understand the law first and then resolve the issue by amending it . i can understand the sentiments but still reforms are very much necessary otherwise we will never grow .
these farmers are protesting against law they feed us grow food for us . i ask what did we do for them
prashant dhawan is a leftist .
shameless sc interfering in decisions of democratically elected government .
the salary is 1.5 lakh rupees . thank you sir .
supreme court looks like india's double fish hook strategy ...
sir these laws were not passed fairly in rajya sabha .
option c - 280k ... is the correct answer
reliance / jio has already made contacts with farmers in karnataka in under this act , what will u say now sir ? ?
bill wapas kaise le sakti h court ? a farm law which was talked about by upa and fulfilled by nda but not everyone is against as it challenges their monopoly and many people's black marketing
i am lil bit confused with pm salary .. how can governrs salary more than pm's
sir apka plus me koi course to hai nahi unacedmy me upsc category me fr subscription lene ka kya benefit hai ...
salary + parliment seat
supreme court appointed a farm bill committee to look into the bills . now it is revealed that all 4 members of the farm committee have already publicly supported the bills and govt . - bhupender singh mann - anil ghanwant - ashok gulati - pramod k joshi
chief justice ko parliment mein seat pakki ho gyi ab
i myself support bill everyone r leaving villages coming town at tata adani company take over these atlast everyone want more money they r giving problem with mandis they loose their credibility but mandis always hit farmers on hearts better system should b removed tata adani they r indian whom we believe will we belive foreigners and more over punjab exporting outside country with authority from so many yrs it's not good
plz dnt support hemkunt .. it's fake .
we are just protecting our farmers from international competition which india did to its manufacturing sector in late 90s and now our manufacturing sector is worse in asia . india avoided to join rcep free trade deal which could be the changing stone for indian economy only because of the fear that our farmers would not be able to face competition from australia and newzealand . tahts why government is passing these law to organise agriculture . more over it world create lakh of job in food processing industry and india can earn foreign exchange from exporting processed food and dairy .
man it's so easy these days to get into limelight , just become leftist for a while and then get an amazing political career . i give you some examples , remember that dude hardik patel and his obsequious followers against reservation , jnu kanahya or whatever his name is ... , where did all of these people end up ? in politics . all of them . even aap party starter kejriwal was sitting back in the days in ramleela maidan protesting with anna hazare . these people they just want to bake their own breads by protesting against government . i urge you all that don't be fooled by such selfish people , your country's government is taking some decision then it's for our own good .
at this point , it's become less of an economic conflict and turned into a political shithousery what should have been a proper discussion ( better late than never ) of whether this is actually good or bad with advice from actually economists has turned into ' omg bjp is bad ' ' but what has congress done ' . like c'mon we don't have to make everything political maybe , if maybe the international ' supporters ' agreed on what should be changed rather than throwing around vague political terms , we could get this over with and benefit the nation in general
bills are great ! but the way they were brought in was a little rough the government should have weakened the unions before passing the laws .
i support these bills but i must agree the communication between the government and the farmers is simply pathetic . the govt has failed to make the farmers understand how good these rules are ...
socialism has ruined india
bikaau experts . solution is to make sale below msp illegal for all 23 crops . that will give farmers the income they deserve . why modi is making laws that will force farmers to sell for lower price ?
wake up indian agriculture cannot sustain the vast majority of rural population . see the writing on the wall urbanise .
change is opposed by many but the early bird is the gainer . ultimately the clay feet get clobbered . march with time or you will be left behind .
give more vote to bjp , you get what you asked for . now what's the point in cribbing . everyone had the chance to take bjp down many times but didn't . and all this chaos was expected if bjp continued ruling . now what's the point in cribbing ! !
why doesn't the government first does the experiment in gujarat and up - and show the results before implementing across india ?
bottom line is one word adhani farms ... shame
these are communists internet dont hear to them
basis thing is before an important law is passed it must be discussed in parliament . otherwise what is the use of electing mp and sent from various states . also state related rights cannot be taken and central laws cannot be forced . why fci do not have money ? how much crores of rs is wasted through demonitization , if govt had . 0001 % of wasted money through gdp loss it could have been used well for the farmers . no one ask that question ? modi govt ' s failures cannot be forced on farmer .
my father is farmer in maharashtra . i am selling my grains below msp in apmc from last 20 years . we don't have any option to sell other than mandi . new farm laws will give me more options for better price . farm laws will help all the farmers over india except panjab and haryana . that's why only they are opposing and not rest of india . but you can not decide farmers fate based on 2 states ...
love from tamil nadu we stand with the farmers . and you should also know about the protest by tamil farmers a few years back in delhi .
robust mechanism . lol
dispute resolution you mean like trai who caters to only the mobile companies . such dispute resolutions authority are always in favour of the corporates and ultimately the farmers will be running from pillars to pillars , so such experts who say that such mechanism should be there is talking over the head without knowing abcs of dispute mechanism in india . yes , the 1st expert was clearly biased towards the bjp govt but he thinks those who are listening to this are fools and thus brought the dispute mechanism issue which is a complete failure in various other sectors , just take the case of trai
the laws of india by book are the best . the problem is implementing them and the reality is far from what it comes across as .
discussions should be done before passing a law not after
then " parliament " - made for discussions and debates . now " parliament " - fucking place of dictatorship and discussions take place on internet that to not initiated by the gov .
these bills are good and meant to make farmers more entrepreneurial . the only problem which i found was top to down approach of implementation . govt should have done more ground . if one dig out , they will get many papers during congress govt which also recommended abolition of apmc , these mandis have monopolistic behaviour , that's why farmers get rs 2 / dozen and consumer purchasing 20x times of that . reason why farmers never grew , never had investment capabilities for mordern equipments . i hope modi govt wouldn't back off . i don't support caa all the nonsense of bhakts but this act is like 90s lpg reforms .
first speaker was clearly biased towards govt ... one point being repeatedly raised is right now not much procurement is happening at msp prices .. is this a sound argument ? why not improve it ? dont take us granted for .. we are not idiots
man why always english u shld speak in hindi there r many ppl who can't understand eng
firstly farmer across north india not protesting becoz i come from varanasi were big farmers dont even go to mandi becoz there is no msp even big farmer dont know what is msp so this is wrong to say all over north india doing it we dont care we sell it to local vendor and we are going to do that
this is an issue of economics and politics should not be mingled with it . i'm from punjab pakistan and really feel for the farmers in both countries as their socio-economic hasn't really improved in past years in both the countries . we boast ourselves as agricultural countries but our farmers ' situation suggests we need to reform the agricultural sectors in our countries heavily .
whats hone wrobg with quint ... very below avergae discussion n the professionals too ... their knowledge seems to be only have bookish knowledge ... if you go through the mjor channels n columnists they had supported this .. now they are backing off ... so bringing inn the big wigs will not work ... few questions ... when everything can be changed n made new law .. why cnt msp is not added ... when we talk about other states ... then pls read how much they got for their wheat .. bihar sold it for 700 rs ... n govt of india decided for 1980 ... so of open mkt is successful then why in bihar its failed ... apart from this farmers cannot go to the court of law .. actually this is the is best system across the world and govt should replicate this across india .. but they have chosen to kill this too great ... so if you cnt beat the benchmark ... kill the benchmarking itself
i totally think these farm laws are progressive and the farmer must be educated about the actual true essence of the bills instead of being fed misinterpreted arguments on these bills . jai jawan jai kisan
so these biased people decide is farmer bill good or bad
these . expect . shouldnt have tell . thats tell open markets has open in america too . ask american farmers . what happend to american agriculture . finished . this is failed . systems
bjp government has screwed the economy of india ... due to that they are selling everything one by one ... to cover their shit ? ? ?
one argument most of them who support the new law saying that , now also many sell outside the mandy and where is the big difference . but they do not answer why this new law at all in the first place .
in july this year the buffer stock held by fci was 97 million metric tonnes against the required 41 million metric tons . so we actually have a very high wheat production in the country which is not required . farmers should get creative and grow crops that are in demand in india or the international market . ' but why bother ? wheat is a safe bet . we will grow and the government has to buy with msp ' - that is the mentality of the farmers .
why do they require sponser for this bill them ? why not allow msp clause in the law ? why are you restricting the crops and what seeds to be used in farming ? people are not illiterates to see that these laws have always been manipulated for benefitting corporate sector for easy procurement and monopolistic practices . why do you have to avoid mandi then ? govt can deal directly with farmers to give them msp agreement and be done with it . the questions are not even that , why not give the best option to farmers than restricting them by law to cultivate what the corporate masters of this govt tells .
so basically these farm bill are actually beneficial for the farmers from majority of the states ! !
a very good initiative
every industry like mining , autoindustry , textiles , schools , colleges etc . in this world is exploited . when the industry begins there is barely profit because people are doing for talent , passion , helping the community . later 10-15 the industry grows exponentially . after 20 years the industry is fully exploited and has bad name forever .
not mentioned point no provision for court , moreover in yesterday meeting with farmers , government has agreed with farmers that there are flaws in the bills and asking if they want amendments , but farmers want to repel these laws . sooner or later govt is accepting its mistakes in the bill .
then what is the final solution to the problem of the farmers ? congress constantly days that bjp is not giving final solution , then kindly explain what they have been doing for 70 goddamn years
quint please do a panel discussion , in which only experts are their , this is a complex issue making a decision is very hard
to be honest even if these laws are beneficial to farmers , then the farmers cannot be blamed for it because this govt is always in a rush to pass laws without having a proper discussion or feedback from the beneficiaries and to make matters worse they have been taking advantage of this situation to pass laws behind closed doors to avoid any public discussions .
still discussing about farm bills is a shitty thing , when 2 cm's of bjp say they won't let farmers of other states to sell thier crops , then how can pm can say they can sell any where , don't the cm's give respect to him or he doesn't matter to them ..
the whole country should have apmc mandis , punjab and haryana has the best system in whole world . even up and bihari and rajasthan farmers come to punjab and haryana to sell their produce , why ? bcoz of better pricing . private cronies only loot from poor .
the indian farmer is not at all competitive due to the massive subsidy provided by the governments free electricity , free water , subsidised insecticides , pesticides and fertilizers and with msp the farmers are just getting no competition imagine if india signed rcep or any other trade deal most would perish but we are living in a capitalist world time has come for our farmers to start getting competitive .
we need more of a detailed discussion over these new reforms !
perfect journalism ... showing the truth pls open a national news channel let everyone see the truth
farming is state subject not traders why central is imposing law on it .
atleast before supporting farmer read laws and what will happen . just supporting farmers doesnt help the protest , cos u r supporting based on identity or ideology .
why quint is not said anything about swaminath commission ..
experts aren't bias right ? ? in pro-govt channels , experts have different point of view . in your channel , experts are pro-opposition . nowadays even experts aren't objective and neutral . ( ye jo india hai na )
this farmer protest will prove last nail in bjp government coffin .
1st how come you have this much content amazing
you can't give jio as an example , it did way toomuch good to the people . aaj aapka video ithna sastha mein dekro tho wo jio ka wajha se hi hain .
june 3 , 2021 - the protest is still going on ! !
norma single question about masks and social distancing . i wonder if samdish n co were afraid or just biased
what many people dont understand : 1 . central govt doesn't have budgetary resources to buy entire product of all farmers around india , that is why they don't want to make it a law otherwise they will be bound to buy everything . economically and fiscally , this is impossible . 2 . apmc mandis are strongly cartelised meaning only few people can buy from there becoz getting license is very difficult and costs a lot ( > 5lacs ) so these traders buy produce at low prices eventually hurting farmers . also small farmers don't have money to take their produce by tractor to mandi , pay taxes and storage cost till produce is sold . by legitimising outside mandi sale , this will help them legally sell outside mandi . farm laws have been in implementation in m'rashtra for over a decade and now and mandis are still intact . 3 . conflict resolution problem is genuine ( this is something that govt should consider ) 4 . repeal of essential commodities act will benefit traders who will now want to buy produce to sell at higher price without govt intervention . even if we imagine that this will lead to steep prices , will it not lead to many people beginning to trade to sell at " slightly lower price than competition to be at a profit " ? this will ultimately ensure correct prices ( this basically is the essence of market economics , i . e , to promote efficiency through competition and self interest .
after knowing you are anti bjp we don't expect you are true reporting you are just biased
on more video on farmers
sad still govt didn't take any action on the farm laws covid cases are raising in delhi and they are there fighting for there rights
it's all anarchy ... nothing such will happen in india which is based on agriculture ... politically , it's all about punjab and loss of commission agents ..
you should also share the other side of these arguments
journalism at its best ! this was explained really well ! thank you very much !
damnn ... it doesn't concerns farmers alone ... it is a matter of concern for every common citizen here ...
bhai waise toh farmers bhi supplier hi honge private walon ke liye , toh they will control the price . ab basic economics kahan gayi ?
thkuu for supporting us
100th day issues coverage ?
very conveniently moved from apmc to monopoly ! private player ki monopoly kaise ho jayegi ! won't corporate compete with each other like ola competing with uber . have some logic samdish
very well explained . this should reach to more people .
farmers are protesting so the people don't have to pay higher price for products . is that a joke .
do one more video with asaduddin owaisi
please share it . please
plz one " off the record " video with kanhaiya kumar .
your all the points are accepted by the government of india the protest is going on
watch this watch this
great . subscribing only bcoz of this guy
wish main stream media showcased this . but wait .. we would never be in this state if they had been media instead of paid media
fears and speculations ! ! common talk about facts and laws ? ?
very well explained
commenting for the algorithm
simple solutions : 1.impose taxes on trade areas outside apmc 2 . judicial intervention ( farmer tribunal ) 3 . model contract guidelines for contract farming . 4 . law on msp
basically incomplete or misleading facts
this video needs millions of views . but look at india's population & look at the views . music videos get millions of views but this type of quality content doesn't . sad reality .
bhai mere ... communism ke proponent ho ... clearly bata to do followers ko ... aadhi baat mat faila bhai ... wo bhi example bata jahan monopoly nhi hai private players aane se ... air travel , milk sector ... countless hai ... saale chutiye
great video !
this should go viral
leaving a comment for algorithm so that more people get to watch this !
if this was a peaceful protest , the country wouldn't have been vandalized , police officers wouldn't have been murdered by the farmers tractors on the nation's capital , lady police officers wouldn't have been beaten and raped by these peaceful farmers ! if this protest was to defend farmers , then why is that only the wealthiest farmers are fighting against this ? its like amazon saying socialism or communism is bad for the country . the highest farmer suicide rate is in maharashtra and bihar , not punjab . whole india supports this bill except for punjab . we all know what greta thunberg tweeted along with the toolkit explaining exactly what rihanna has to tweet and at what time . this is all an atmept to break and systematically dismantle the worlds largest democracy to create khalistan . do not let foreigners divide india again . lots of farmers throws or sell at very low prices as they don't get buyers as there is limit on hoarding privatisation will help equitable distribution of produce around the country and export . farmers will produce what is in demand not like traditional rice or wheat only
on a lighter note - the random validation of samdish at last juz made the video complete ! ! !
a video for all d idiots who still don't understand the protest n think modi govt is in favor of farmers .
best explanation i have ever seen . thank u brother
total misguide bro . u urself r not clear . u may be having a good heart but no clarity and because of such one sided video only people get misguided with false fears and lies . watch this video by finology for real facts and clarity <url> now this protest continues because congres and few khalistani gangs want it to continue whtgwre farmers want farm bills or not . ( it's only their agenda that matters ) watch the link without fail
true questions shud be asked to the government always but sirf sawal poochna hi kaam nhi he bro . sawal bhi poochna he government se , saath bhi dena he with government for nation building . congress asks questions always during 1 ) caa 2 ) 370 abrogation 3 ) demobilisation 4 ) farm laws they blindly oppose everywhere 1 ) caa ke liye congress too was telling during manmohan singh rule but he told only for hindus to come back . modi government makes arrangements for all minorities hindus , sikhs , christians parssis etc . hindu and sikh punjabi ladkiya get abducted , raped , kidnapped converted etc isn't modi government raising voice for them too and helping them through caa ? kashmiris r benefitted by 370 . now elections , developed , roads , highways colleges sab ho raha he . * regarding farm laws * u knw punjab me draconian laws against farmers , they will lose their land and many suicide because of such primitive laws.all those harmful laws , land acquisition by other party everything changed in this new farm laws . pehle msp was there for 25 crops only even before these laws.so will that change if these laws happen ? ? corporate farming for farmers for lays company and others was happening earlier too and farmers wanted it in punjab in 2008 and made a strike . that's what this farm laws say now . even congress wanted to bring these good changes . but just because modi government is doing it they blindly want to oppose it and misguide and create fears in minds of farmers and middle men to oppose it . and few with khalistani mindset wish to break punjab from india using this opportunity . what does farm laws have to do with khalistan creation ? ? u too wish that ? ? government told it will postpone it even for 1.5 years when real farmers can share their worries what good things they want to maintain in the laws and what they want to change that can be discussed in the coming 18 months . but the khalistani don't want strike and riots to stop and tell nhi 3 farm laws hatao , no baat cheet . it's not farm laws now or poor farmers . unke vesh me it's just pro khalistani movement to break india . and u wish that too ? ? itna bas bolo bhai
i am so impressed with the selflessness and awareness of indian farmers . there is only one point that is directly harming them other three seems to be ( apparently ) in favor of indian farmers yet they anticipated the harm of these in long term and how these laws will effect common person and decided to fight against it . this level of selflessness can only be expected from a farmer . may they be victorious
you explained it so well ... i hope everyone could understand it
you're epitomizing what true journalism should be samdish bhaiya !
you are doing great work bro !
i can see the sense of anger and protest in his eyes .
where agriculture privatisation lead to monopoly .. and just assumption can not be made a valid argument ... we should wait for supreme court .
thanks for english subtitles
nice explanation bro
mainstream main lane ke liye hi law hai
clue less video and anchor . finally explains no major flaw in the laws .
in short : 1 . no msp . 2 . eradicating apmc . 3 . no help from judiciary . 4 . unlimited storage limit of essential commodities .
ik chotte se dibbe mein suicide ki news aati hai very well said . still farmers apna kaam krte the but agrr aaj protest krr rhe hai to kuj ton baat hogi ... aur modi ji ko 5th ki book se democracy ki definition smjao bcz unhe democracy or dictatorship mein frkk hi nhi pta ... jinke lie law bnae hai unhe hi nhi chahihe ton sarkar thopkyon rhi hai ... biggest democratic country
most of this demands of farmers was accepted by government in different meeting . now it is with supreme court panel to allay the fears . it is now a political issue not a farmers issue anymore .
very well explained .. good work samdish
i am glad someone is here on youtube to clear the facts .
wrongs 3 - they not replace apmc , gov not useless , they have planned
wrong explain for msp not everyone getting same rate
1 ) msp pe sarkar gurentee de rahi hey msp khatam nahi hoga 2 ) apmc khatam nahii hogi yeh bhi government keh rahi hey . private players ko bhi taxation lagu karne ke liye government agree hey 3 ) contract farming ke liye court mein jane ke liye bhi sarkar agree hey ab batao kyo protest ho raha hey ? ?
because of the socialist and fearmongers like you samdish ... india can never grow . every fuckin sensible and leadin agronomist and agriculture expert supports the bill ... even sendible liberals supprts the bill ( shekhar gupta ) ... but fucks like u continue to support the same left and socialist policy which fucked the country's growth for decades
samdish you a hero . doing real ground reporting & explaing the issues to lay man . shame on people sitting in their studios & shouting ' khalistani - khalistani '
very well explained bro , and this will effect every indian , a big salute to our beloved farmers who are protesting for us
well explained .
best explanation on the failure of the laws . thank you .
do you even know anything about basic economics that you are shouting . telecom sector is not an example of monopoly ( there is one firm dominating the market ) , it is an example of an oligopoly ( when there are 2 or more firms competing with each other ) . although jio is the largest telecom company it is still not a monopoly as it receives tough competition from airtel .
shame on congress for introducing this bill earlier in parliament .
mind blowing
dear samdish , you're a new hope for journalism . thanks much .
very nicely explained samdish
brilliantly explained
fabulous wives of bollywood
basic economics hai , " jo supply control karta hai , wo price control krta hai "
unsubscribe salo ko - des drohi scoopwhoop
thanks standish ji for making such a great vedio
no wonder scoopwhoops a joke when jokers like these try to masquerade as economic experts .
aap , sp is better option in up
vote ki chot in up uk punjab elections to save generations
kissans mazdoor ekta zindabad support farmers protest to save generations
rakesh tikait g super hero of india .
mission : - quit modi movement is imminent in india . people with kisan morcha pledge - to wipe out bjp from country . rakesh tikait ji jindabad !
every farmer should vote for aam aadmi party
reject cashless system as well . it is all about control .
fake agenda of lodi media i think you have not any other news
fake agenda of lodi media i think you have not any other news
fake agenda of lodi media i think you have not any other news
fake agenda of lodi media i think you have not any other news
fake agenda of lodi media i think you have not any other news
fake agenda of lodi media i think you have not any other news
fake agenda of lodi media i think you have not any other news
fake agenda of lodi media i think you have not any other news
fake agenda of lodi media i think you have not any other news
fake agenda of lodi media i think you have not any other news
fake agenda of lodi media i think you have not any other news
fake agenda of lodi media i think you have not any other news
next pm should be a real kisan and not a fake chaiwala
we support farmers
nautaki in the name of kisan . i challenge rakesh tiket if he have guts than do similar kind of mahasabha in west , east and south part of india . even he also know kisan in those part clever and he can't fool them in the name caste and politics .
good job you are doing great job thank you
rss ta li ba ini bounch of thoughts virtual world they living reality is every indian love secularism democracy . walo ki alag hi duniya me jeete hain rss vichardhara ka nasha hi alag hai alag hi hai . evm hatawo democracy bachao desh bachao abhiyan bjp bhagawo desh bachao abhiyan ...
good information
it doesn't seem like a discussion ... it should be renamed as ... the benifits the farmers will get after the farm laws gets implemented .
nilambarsahudistrictangulofodishamyopinionisthat ; thefarmerleaderaretakingthirrally
splendid conversation sir ... thnku so much ... sir
absolutely we need to liberate agriculture sector from the clutches of these aartiyas . to alleviate the fear of farmer's govt should implement these laws ofor five years in starting to see what kind of changes it brings in farmer's income and lives.if the signs are positive govt should go ahead for continuation of these laws . these laws will help many farmer's in shifting their crop pattern which will subsequently increase lands fertility and sustain the ground water level .
this is very useful to all upsc aspirants
repeal such ambani adani profiting law will resolve the problems
y these guys are stressing abt the fear of mandis ? ? ? are not mandis introduced by govt ? ? ? even after these laws there will be no difference in the lives of farmers ... but it will absolutely benefit adani and ambani and other corporators .
english news morning wale youtube mein dale
almost all of the farmers from the country support these laws . only these stupid farmers from one state punjab are fighting to protect their and their middlemen priviliges and cartles on the expense of all the farmers across the country . thank you govt . for bringing the much needed reforms in agricultural sector .
pagdi sabhaaaml oye ( idiom ) or some song name of the same name sake song " pagdi saambhaal oye " ;: for the better of democracy plz use your logic ; " don't trust anyone unless you have any written assurance backed by the honourable judiciary "
in punjab free electricity should , also , be given to physically handicapped . in punjab , if a physically handicapped wishes to work from home then he is charged electricity at penal rates euphemistically called ' commercial rate ' . modi govt should , also , exempt handicapped from payment of income tax
many farmer unions asked for the laws including rakesh tikait , the appreciated in june and when passed they started protesting for political gains . yogendra yadav & hannan mullah are politicians and not farmer leaders . media cleverly ignoring farmer unions who are supporting the bills .
who want modi ji be a pm again in 2024 ?
the meetings should be televised that way everyone knows what is being said .
farmers are highest lord of india not ram
farmers are the pm of india
farmers are the total cabinet of india
farmers are the president of india
| | | | contract farming | |
government never take back this laws because they are already passed from both houses .. so many farmers was died due to exploitation by middlemans .. but when political and ego benefit is more .. nothing good will happens in india .. hope all congress supporters and modi haters understand this one day
kisan to theek hai but why they are not ready to talk ... why repeal only ..
rundtv congress and middlemen
if modi is gutsy i want him to remove reservation system in india . that will be the real change to me ...
churcha's
how much more church's . farmers are suffering ...
he is a liar
im indian & not a farmer , supports msp law jai kisan
country wide unity is seen towards farmers concerns . 1000 times sure . . people will not support any political party backing / leverage in this case . farmers better agitate for good reason , without any political clout . and show their genuine . no other issues will get people attention of this stature , since other issues are nationally unimportant and this is a matter regarding livelihood of 70 % of population .
full support strong support from indian muslims to our sikh brothers and farmers from all over india india
modi thinks he is equal to god , if not superior to him .. and this is ' hitlarian ' tendency ... ofcourse ! !
govt should not repeal laws . we gave u full majority modiji . stay strong .
as per toi , talks have failed .
sirf kisan hi nahi yeh leader sab ko loot rahe hain .. ye khud 8-8 pensions lai rahe hai .. or desh ke youngster employees ko nps .. ka lollypop de rahe hain .. or gpf wale 60 saal ke hone par 1 pension ke haqdar hote hai .. support farmer's
meeting should be closed with tomer and goel
like , veer-zaara , story for jrntr sir , in youtube , type " kondeti productions "
repeal all 3 new farm laws.fix msp . withdraw electricity amendments.modi do it
tell me why 60 farmers dead in overnight
subscriber .. love u guys 0n 26th january ko subh .. love u again
we are hopeful the discussion is positive .
go back to home farmers . your demands are not reasonable .
it reminds the study of india's freedom movement history . there we have studied round table conference conference 1 . in such and such year . then second round table conference ... like that our government and farmers movement talk going on . we hope some good results come out .
guys see all only godi media channel are there .
it is heartening to note that the sentiments on both sides are positive , how it translates into decisions during talks are to be watched . to make talks successful , both sides should display flexibility . p s jayaramu
do indians still believe modi he is working for israel - israel and rss had long vengeance to destroy india pm cares owned , controlled and established by govt , says centre india updated : dec 26 , 2020 in an earlier reply , the government had said the fund was not owned , controlled or substantially financed by any government . india updated : dec 26 , 2020 hindustan times centre has no record of meetings with farmers ' groups : rti query december 24 , business standard what do indians expect from a fraudsters of this country
modi is the worst pm since independence
repeal anti farm laws
farmers will teach this government a fitting lesson ...
who do ppl listen to her ? she cant digest what he was saying
farmers and environment first crony caps and coorperates later
and the main problem is not the act or law ; the problem is that the judiciary of india is so poor that you would have indian law saying for instance " making obscene videos is a crime or encouraging a movie porn maker is a crime in itself . " but , these people are celebrated on news channel every moment & are not penalised as per the law . so , bringing a law giving farmer right prices enabling them to enjoy their due share saying that farmers right will be protected after the legal agreement with the other party . i don't believe that it is possible , the reason is that the celeberated corrupt enjoys great power & half of the masses don't know that they are corrupt and address them as ' saabs ' & fear them as they are influential . because criminals in suits or proper kurta pyjama in farming & other sectors enjoys good influence in the society and are a reason of crime done on many . it is first hard for a non-influential farmer to file his complaint . even if he does , it is not easy to get justice along with that he has to face violence & threat if he is challenging a person who is extremely powerful because of his influence on other people . so , bringing law or amendments do not serve the purpose in any sector including farming till the respected influential criminal on tv & in the society are not referred as what they are in the society . so , that a criminal leader do not create people from the youth his fans on the basis of fake persona & slowly manipulates them to be extremely violent on the masses . thus , it is better to say them what they are rather than calling them as ' saabs ' & giving the respected criminals acceptance .
barkha should certainly talk less , i m here to hear mr raghuram rajen only
open markets produce the lowest prices which is not compatible with indian farming because the farms are so small . open markets always drive the rural population to the cities to become urban labourers . it does not produce a good society especially in the days of increasing automation .
she is the one no who is also a part of toolkit scam ? ?
unfortunately what dr.rajan was saying doesn't suit the narrative the presenter would like us to listen to . just see the summary given under the banner . you will not be able to line up half a dozen agri economists to speak against the farm laws .
subsidy is not a solution . us and other countries are already paying a lot of subsidies to farmers . only thing can save is making mandis and other institutions strong which bjp or congress will never allow . we need kejriwal who is ready to fight with conglomerates .
barkha dutt only mission is to oppose modi
are you asking for an expert opinion or imposing your biased take on farm laws . not surprised with barkha rani
. 2000 . the bill to make hoarding and black marketing a legal right has passed . can someone tell its benefit . actually 2000 years old slavery is in our blood and we feel it patriotism .
how come this lady still doing her horrible interviews . she doesn't deserve to be a journalist . always comes with hidden agenda , and mostly against india
pushing her own agenda & hatred and not listening to others is what made her fall , otherwise she would have been on national tv ahead of many primetime reporters .
barkha dutt , seriously
devender sharma is the person who understands the farm sector in depth . you should interview him .
well , it seems as if the situation is going out of hand here in india regarding the farm laws , and might lead to civil unrest .
mr rajan haven't seen anything good happening in last 6 years . this happen when you put your political beliefs above reasoning and facts .
super grouping of same minded people
the other issue post 2014 is that the govt has failed to convey their stand to the common citizens , its a harsh fact be it any of their policies the opppsition is able to manipulate people into believing anything and the bjp govt is least bothered to reach out on ground to the common peple have a look at the current scenario initially only a chunk of farmers from punjab were staging a " rail roko " andolan centre did nothing to convince them , oppostion took benefit and ammassed huge gathering at the singhu border , then farmers from haryana , western up were called in and they joined govt talked 11 rounds with their so called leaders but didnt tried much to reach other farmers on groun level and now what you see on 26th jan similar marches were taken out against the new laws in mumbai , karnataka and tamil nadu the bjp govt needs to come out of the bubble that " modi ne keh diya toh aam janta aakh band krke maan legi " their this attitude will hurt them much and will be the reason for their downfall
it is a very good point ... need to decentralise
mandis have not been done away wirh ... acc.to the farm laws
so final conclusion : - open competition is good for farmers , but provide room to the uninitiated to slowly acclimatise and get hang of the ropes . ... rr refused to tug the line that the anchor was trying to hand him .
all are talking about msp , but , i heard nothing from anyone about the shelf life of the agricultural products ... as if the vendor delayed the collection and deliver it , late in market what about the msp ... whether.msp is applicable at farm or at market or delivery address .. ?
repeated discussion with repeated experts ... hence no value addition
competition is good but the narrative that monopoly is always evil is absolutely incorrect . secondly monopoly can occur in fair competitive environment also . as an analogy of cricket suppose a batsman single handedly scores lot of runs and rest of his team mates fail that does not mean the batsman has done injustice to his team mates and should be ridiculed . india has suffered a lot due to this leg pulling crab syndrome . government is ofcourse responsible for uplifting masses , but not at the cost of being unfair to able people .
since the yield per acre is declining , it is better some farmers from punjab realocate to up and engage in agriculture and produce horticulture crops and export as largest airport is comming up in up . mr.raghuram rajan what is one some innovation in your subsidized education in iit or during tenure as rbi governor . ?
use mask stay home stay safe wash hands with sanitizer maintain social distance drink organic tea sadguru footprints namaste dvd thanks
omg nobody can give straight answer like wtf is with this people . talking nonsense no answers were given by this fucking guy
she made a judgement before listening and understanding . such a nonsense media reporter she is . it's better she keeps the all facts of news and let's people make decisions rather than promoting her agenda .
he is just diplomatic
this lady is a cheap anchor with an obvious agenda . this cheapster doesn't deserve any attention . boycott is what she deserves .
bring him back as pm candidate from cong ... he will be next manmohan for cong .. we need him in india
i used to believe raghuram rajan as an economist . but he has become a politician to be in news . 1 : can raghuram rajan tell us why are we cultivating items which is more in excess , than the country requires ? why the farmers do not cultivate which the country needs & which can be exported profitably ? 2 : since msp for grane is higher than market , we can not export it profitably . 3 : with higher msp , subsidised fertiliser , free power , we are giving farmers incentive to cultivate excess paddy & wheat destroying water table & soil . this is not sustainable . mr rajan should advise the farmers what is better for all farmers & for the country . 4 : india is crying for farm reform & nvestment . for long farmers of northern india have taken country for granted . buying at msp million tons of grane get wasted every year at tax payers cost . modern technology & scientific agriculture is ned of the hours to sustain in agriculture . we should have berrer insurance & other facilities to increase farmer's income . farmers are misguided by politics , middle men . we had all sympathy at the beginning . govt . is willing to listen & address their anxiety . but they insist for reversal of all laws which is unreasonable . any group of people can come and demand reversal of any law making india to be a banana republic . their stubborn behaviour is shameful & they are loosing sympathy of public . now people do not care .
taxing the private mandis would've solved all this . but sadly , the protesting farmers rejected the amendment ! either they're being fooled or they're just ignorant .
this lady showed so much promise ... but she turned out biased sold out and rotten
i assume that she should let the wise man speak & to agree or disagree with wise man is completely her discretion only as long as there is not any inherent bias !
how misleading it was made as per swaminathan report .
if a hit and trial can be expected from a pro billionaires government ? see example of bsnl and so many psu . when electoral bond and government ordinances moves in tandem , hope becomes a difficult thing .
out of job celebrated journalist is interviewing out of job harvard expert ... who is expert in statement makings only !
govt is already modernizing mandis and also creating competition of the mandis . this is exactly being done so why not say i support the farm law ?
moment he says i am not farm law expert for me video is over
she is such an embarrassment
i know it is hard for rajan to appreciate anything about bjp policies given the history . gst was a process forever in consultation till bjp implemented it . you will never have a perfect law . it is always a wip . in india we always stall any change . we are status quoist by nature .
farm law is the best for farmers .
some reason i have felt this reporter is not a journalist .
look from farmers lens and try to understand poor farmers
barkha there is a reason why god gave us 2 ears and 1 mouth . use it proportionately .
we hv experienced performances of public instts . in other sectors against private conglomerates ..
farm laws should be abolished immediately
what about placing judiciary's powers in the hands of the executive ? if that becomes a precedent , every new act can disenfranchise the citizen further . no ?
comment section is full of well educated but ill informed personals
sort of like the great benefit to ordinary people and the economy ... of demonetisation .
barkha ji has her political affiliation , but what about you ?
mr rajan , you are finding difficult to support something which any economist worth his salt must support .
barkha doesnt know now where to hide this is going to be the fate of all these anti nationals with hidden agendas !
every time i see her i wonder how india can permit such anti nationals to live here . they need to get outta here and settle down in the countries that fund them .
what a criminal combo ... ... raghuram and burka ...
1 dislike for one of my best worst journalist
barkha dutt is always trying to politicise each matter such toxic journalist she is
but why our production should base on agreement basis , it's not keeping farmers to bind with certain conditions which may go against farmers
barkha's days are over . you no longer control the narrative and the people have seen through your bs . youtube should have a " slap " button along with like and dislike , especially for " journalists " like her .
this barkha is like ... empty vessels make too much noise . hate this shamelessly corrupt journalist .
zarurat hai ek nayi political party ki to safeguard the interests of kisaan , mazdoor and small business owners . ek aisi party which can combat the mighty plutocrats . and their tools : modi , shah , imf , wto , niti ayog .
she is trying to elicit a response from raghuram rajan which suits her agenda .
can you please tell me why these protests ? ? ? no mandi markets closed , no msp and subzidies stopped no fci godowns shut down . no ration system stopped . govt did not compell to sell your products to corporates . instead farmers are getting an opportunity to sell your product in various other markets as well as to corporates . even farmers can store their products , without the fear of any case . since india is a member of * wto * , low cost food materials , palmoil , rubber ... all these type of items will come to india from different nations at a low price . so the corporates have a choice . one more thing i want to tell you is that , during covid time also , more foriegn cars were sold out , rather than indian made cars . people love to travel in mini cooper , or ford rather than indian made nano or maruthi car . these are all political game these politicians especially communist party is muddying the water , spreading chaos about the bill . it is the communist party , which made several protest in 1970 , when tractor was introduced in india . similarly at the time of computerisation and caa , and opposed appointing abdul kalam as the president . farmers have the choice of selling to corporates or in mandi . modi has clearly said that " the system of msp will remain , government procurement will continue and subsidies will never be stopped " . then what else you want ? every state has an agriculture department and minister . if any problems or crisis arise , central govt will interfere and take action at the right time . modi is trying to help the farmers <url>
present bjp , ruling dispensation and specially modi regime , and i reckon it won't unfair , if i may described this fascist regime as , a hitler's and nazis of a modern era . frankly , modi govt , has been doing everything constantly , to curtail and ruined , every prescribed , basic fundamental principles and norms . essentially , those imperative & legitimate constitutional rights , which is being granted , and being given to every citizen of this country . given the circumstances , it seems to me as if , in modi's opinion , citizens of this country shouldn't be even allowed to express or exhibit , any reluctant , neither they should be entitled to have any further rights to object , disagree , or show any signs of dissatisfiaction against this present modi regime , by any democratic manner and means . in fact , such mindset itself goes literally against the essence of any vibrant parliamentary democracy . no my friend , this is not the same democracy people of india , had fought for unitedly , and sacrifice alot . no certainly not . you may call it hitler shahi , dictatorship , nazism , or whatever you may called it . but certainly no longer you can ever justify such unconstitutional act in any vibrant democracy . if there is any voice of dissent against this modi regime , be it from any individual , political opponents , or from it's rivals , either it will be silent by force , or it will be crashed , and will be decimated literally ... if govt , has passed any legislation in parliament , and genuinely they're intending to do something for the upliftment , and betterment of its own citizens , then why is it , modi govt is so terrified and scared of their own people ? they should explain them straightway , and if at all this bill is drafted for the benifit of indian farmers , definitely they will understand . however , contrarily to government claim same hasn't been the case exactly , in fact this legislation has been brought just to benifits few of government capitalist friends , as simple as this . so , the bottom line is , irrespective of the situation , and no matter what the modi government does , just always be a yes man in this fascist modi regime . if at all u wanted to be called a true nationalist , and a patriotic , if not simply you will be labelled as a khalistani terrorist . bare in mind always , given the precent situation within the country , your blanket support to modi govt , only determine your patriotism . now it's up to you , whether you wish , and desired to be called as a nationalist , or a anti national ? so , you better decide , and take a call upon .
nobody wants to hear your biased opinion barkha . let dr . rajan illuminate us rather than you demotivate our hearing itself .
burka dutt is third rated journalist . she has an agenda . she is anti bjp and anti modi .
what was the rush for bills . govt should have discussed .
let farmers decide what's good for farmers
call ashok gulati , swaminathan aiyar , vijay sardana . they all are expert on farm economics .
liked ' work with the existing structure and add the competition element and see how things pan out . the middle ground is always better .
tell me mr rajan where it is mentioned that apmc will be abolished ? ? it depends on farmers whether they wish to sell in apmc or some other place .
its liberation of farming and farm business from government control ,
msp should not be legalized . it will harm common people and present market prices food items increase to much high . a normal quality rice per / kg 35 present market maybe increase 60 to 80 rupees . india may be facing economic crisis if msp is essential for food items .
any reformers in any sector is much needed at this hour . but that should be well communicated and wisely implimented .
good chat
my 2kolathai anaku varanum ... my handwork rs . 1 can't waste .. aparam tha village green city change ... athuvarai 10years analum can't clear
ana un vetu marumakaluku bank natathuriya ? ? ? india government un family only ... ? ? ? un family alivu an kailatha ... all in all my award name only ...
unga dance acting anketa kamiga kotathu ... athuna poi ... i m virus ? ? ? sarupu pieyum ... governor na pakamatan ... athu dogs ... sex group bank work ... already passport cancel ... r u not god ... direct visit painuga ... cctv delete akuthu ... neethi princess singapore dollar perai ( nan work paintra salary varuthu ... yara katu mutevu atukanum ... note change yaruketa soina ? ? ?
ana agriculture export business ? ? ? kadathal group adikalam ... sex group video creative athukota thareyathu
i m handle g20 .. unga india ku ana thariyum always atutha person and any country .. complaint only ... i m prime minister's head and crime minister head ... what u meaning physiology ? ? ? state government kum central government can't joint ? ? ? apa india map vara varaiya ? ? ? hindi , english , malayalam , telugu , marati .. tamil thavera vara atha language um india people other country ku vatha can't upset .. therutha mutiyatha sex group handle only in india it company's ..
video upload tamil speech kotu ... i don't no english and hindi ...
ethu drama only ... vara ana plan ? ? ? i know ... i m not respons .. my question answer me
even a layman understands it as crony capitalism .
one states farmers do not represent the entire farming community of the nation . most of my relatives are into fulltime farming and my family too owns farms and we see this as a progressive step ahead . farmers lack marketing skills for his produce thats where the private players can play a crucial role . also the msp , mandis are not going anywhere . also punjab is not the highest wheat producers btw ...
whenever we discuss farmers bills , they bring into demonitisatio , gst etc . they discuss procedures , institutions , supreme court . when he has admitted he is not expert on farms issue , what is the use of such interview . mr . gulati ' s interview was useful .
he is woried about compensation to state governments about loss of revenue because of less income through apmcs rather than looking at the interest of farmers .
i regret subscribing this channel . sorry ya , your thoughts are so polarized .
this is an agenda based interview and prof rajan is too shaky to give appropriate comments , doesn't appear to be experts views . not much of substance .
isn't the 3 laws pass as per the recommendation of swaminathan commitee report ? why congress people don't know english to read the report when it was submitted ? what was 1/2 crore toilet user aluhuwaia doing in 2004 ? he , pm manmohan singh , king pin p.chidambaram , shashi tharoor were not able understand it ?
thumbs up to simerti
scripted
she is so intelligent
smriti irani is a foolish lady . she once claimed she had a degree from yale .
she is talking non-stop nonsense . that is why ekta kapoor took her in her show and bjp in her party .
this is merely a political drama by some punjabis . the so called farmers
pory india pr few berhamn n kabza kia hoa h lowest cast k hindu sikh muslim christine sb pr berhamn zulm kr rhy han
irani is excellent , controlled , clear , firm , she is an asset to bjp .
to understand someone s pain is not the forte of someone who doesnt have brain and soul
shameless
stop lying
naxalite is the future of india . support country naxalite and its government . naxalite is always with you .
imarti irani is back along with her ghatiya approach ... she is disgusting
they will not understand
smriti irani is a farming expert from yales university .
65 the 100.15
rampal singh saroutiya village darbari chitrangi singrauli mp india local for vocal glaway krishm product new india
no body believe on pm modi words . he always misguided the country on all facts .
national media and feku pm always misguided the indian people .
desh bech le tab log smjh payenge
it
jo apps congress ncp tmc ke gunde bina lathe khai nahi manege
p m modi desh or kissano ke sechhtak he congress ke tera neach jhota chor luttra desh gadder hai
you are talking not talking to the formers you talking to congras
yes all have the right to debate . what sensible news can u expect from thistv channel .
irish people call british people as most deceitfull
uk parliamentarian should talk about meghan claims about skin colour
boycott gillet blades for shaving cadbury chiocolate of britain
even indian parliament should pic issues of british concerns a make discussions.even should invite and give them stage to speak for those revolting in britain against there government against there issues .
indian paliament should discuss the shit going-on in the looters in the royal family
no country has right to interfere in internal affairs of india
why is indian government so mealy mouthed ? why does india not legally challenge uk over interfering in india's internal matters ? believe me manh britishers and uk parliamentarians will actually support india .
britishers are lost their own characters ! and now they are servibebing on borrowed economy and intellectual seems to be !
britishers did what they are doing for centuries , partiality . nothing new .
seems uk parliament doesn't have any other work and wasting time and money of their tax payers .
interesting to see uk's reaction when their internal laws will be discussed in bharatiya sansad .
why is britain still concerned about india ? ? ? are they not happy of looting india for more than a century ? ? ? shame on them . uk better mind about their country and their internal matters .
maybe the entire uk parliament is khalistani and anti-national
let them return all looted from india from 1800-1947 .
we should discuss " why crooks from all countries take asylum in uk "
we should withdraw from commonwealth
nasty intentions ? meddlesome behavior
why is uk parliament discussing indian laws ? do they still own us or what ? a country who should first think and discuss about their failing economy , increasing covid numbers and increasing debts is discussing our laws ? ? ? they still think they r lords ? ? ?
they are not happy with india covid vaccine success .. so they might have picked this issue to cause problems ..
this country is not having any business to interfere in our internal matters , first they should ask unconditional apology for jellionwalbaugh massacre on innocents.and they looted our wealth .
it's because of rahul gandhi's activities .
they have no locus standi in farmers protest . let them manage uk .
here is a country that points finger at india over kashmir , yet does not speck of northern ireland , history of slavery , robbing looting in hundreds of countries , todays land wars in many countries is a direct result of their interference , the queen wears diamonds on her crown that were stolen from india , and places the a pm as the symbol of their greatness whos direct move killed millions of indians in bangal and in second world war . today feels the need to teach democracy to india , seriously ,
uk think they are still ruling india
in london there r prostitute houses in soho that don't move . prostitution is illegal in england . i'd say it beyond setting an example to the word these lot r pedigree . shameful . boycott uk today remember oxfam scandal ? double standards ? boycott uk
britain should note that they are no longer the genocide perpetrators under colonializing lands to make others matters discussed in their parliament , otherwise each and every colony they looted mercilessly znd on whose wealth they survive have every right to discuss the attrocities of their rule and take them to court . and btw , the farmers protesting against farm laws in india are the middlemen of punjab who owe allegiance to khalistan and are not farmers on the first place
indian government is strong enough by all means to take decision for internal affairs , external interference won't be entertained
this country is doomed to fail because the law makers have lost their integrity . their mindset of divide and rule is still deeply ingrained . one who digs a hole for the other , falls himself inside . colonial hangover . cleanse yourself or perish . choice is yours .
biased report !
the farmers protest should be brought to the un instead infont of the entire globe
they still think that they r ruling india . past hangover.have they solved all their problems . soon they will discuss america , france china etc.we should start discussing the royal family discord n give them suggestions as to how to manage their families ? ?
will these kids discuss the alleged racism prevailing in their royals ... they cannot teach their grandfather on democracy ...
even if this petition is debated outside the house of commons , the fact that this petition got 100,000 signatures which made this debate happen cannot be ignored at all .
let us discuss their problems including ireland issue which wanted to be separated to make them realise .
ye chor chotte ko shelter dene wale country hamare internal matters me interfere karne ka himmat kaise karte hai ? aapne aukad me raho ,
all the immigrants have become law makers in uk . what a joke ...
those mps must have close ties with birmingham ... mini jihadi state of uk
british don't throw stones , look at yourself in the mirror , you got your own many issues you need to resolve in your own back yard re scotland , wales , n ireland , better you look after your interests before preaching to india , your comments are not welcome ! ! jai hind jai bharat jai jai jai jai
lets start discussing the british colonial rule starting with salt tax introduction , jalianwala bagh massacare ... we will have enough to debate for the next 100 years .
pakistan is behind this , " hello bollywood "
that's not boris govt . it is their leftist labour party leaders . they are opposition and not in power . boris govt is good with india . so it is not binding on london . labour party is not in power so why bother what their opposition says ?
we should find out which uk parliamentarian took part in debate & we will know where they are standing i'm sure when you find out their belief ( probably some liberal nut ) or paid by khalistani terroriist group regarding farm law we all know that this is fake protest to suppress hindus & breakdown nationalism movement
india wud now issue fir against all uk parliaments
christians and muslims are tubelights
looters of other rich countries including india have no right thinking brain to find out the benefits in the new farm laws favourable to the farmers and instead trying to mislead the farmers without knowing what the bills contain . these dividing forces only divided our country on religious basis to make both these countries permanent enemies and they have no right to talk about our farmers . indian striking farmers are our own blood and they have got every right to voice their protests in all peaceful and democratic manner and the goi made several rounds of discussions with their leaders . no need of any foreigner's to fish in the troubled waters .
british labour party and some of their vote bank ! if over 100,000 signatures are gathered for a petition , an issue has to be debated in parliament , by law . now , the party in power which did not , do this looks bad which was probably the aim . the labour party fails to collect enough votes at general elections so they cause problems instead . same as leftist tactics in other countries . now , british people made to look like interfering colonialists when actually , the vast majority are completely sick to death of leftists and their tactics . this has made the british public look as if they think they have a right to tell india what to do . incorrect . we most certainly dont . its the people who signed the petition , who did that - the vote bank of the left , a section of it , who many labour mps obey , to keep their seats and fat salaries . i am furious and thats an understatement .
uk is now a colony of india ... times have changed ...
accept our farmes products and agri produce from our country than china ... it is easy to debate ... this sikh people making politics outside our country ... secularism flourishing in india , with suppression of majorities
why don't you debate the northern ireland in bhartiya parliament ? what is wrong with you ? why are you explaining to other people ?
you idiots why are you showing boriss johnson . he willnever do this .. these were labour leftists which are mostly pakistanis
many uk parliament members are funded by islamists and anti india elements .
no way to enter india
the international notorious lobbies and funders hiding in different places in the world . so get support to the delhi's illegal crowd from different places in the world . this world's most suitable farms law will make the world farmers income double . it will make a green revolution in the world . it will be the world revolution . no country can save the atankvadi , bichauliye funders . satyameva jayate satyameva jayate satyameva jayate . united nations kii jai . united nations kii jai united nations kii jai .
british govt . and their parliament has no business on indian affairs . we are capable to handle anything inside our country , cheap british govt . must do their own business .
british must help the indian farmers in fiji . they were kicked of their farms after over 100 yrs of toiling on it . these farms still
british parliament not bigger than indian parliament
all over the world there is secular and communist so its okay
the shameless hypocrite looters of asia n africa for centuries are talking of human rights n freedom . they need to hang their heads in shame . supporting terror state pak n all the time criticizing democratic . india is another proof of their hypocrisy n partisan attitude . shame shame shame .
western countries are not at all trusted countries better now we choose right friends . their mentality is still at colonial period
indian government doing fantastic job for their own country .
a hindu girl studying in the oxford university is not let to use freedom of speech on social media in uk and is literally harrassed and bullied by jihadi / communists / christoislamic mindset ppl and pressurized her to ask sorry and resign from the post of student union presidentship is bizzare and disgusting , more over her college professor is supporting such goondaism / bullying is really shameful . why uk is not safe for hindu students or employees ? ? ? why there is no proper safety given to indians / hindus in uk ? ? ? why there is no freedom of speech and expression in uk for hindus ? ? ? who is running uk govt - pakistani isi sponsored agents , chinese mafia , usa's cia agents ( george soros mafia ) or uk prime minister ?
some chickens held a meeting in a corner of british parliament and defecated . that's it .
start war with uk ... they are not sending mally and nirav .
we don't mind about uk parl . today we are more than you .
brits still thinks indians are all still their coolies ... this is their ongoing mind games to influence rest of humanity how insignificant the indian people mindset thinking mentality are ... yep ! most of these english speaking white people & those in khut with them will down play indias rise to global importance influence reach om kutumbakam ekam satyameva jaiyate yoginam style ... get it ...
why isn't uk parliament debating on mayanmar protest being violently stopped , what could uk parliament do when hong kong was captured by china . and in india no violence was inflicted on farmers even when they inflicted damage on red fort our national flag our police personnel . they are debating on that get out of your colonization mind set uk
may i just flag the false new and the irony , " press freedoms and safety of protestors in india " was the topic of the debate and not " farm bills " :)
maybe they should debate how the indian kohinoor diamond is in london and if they would return it .
who those buttered want to talk about indian internal issue ? indian parliament also need to talk about uk internal issue and put biggest slap on their face and exposed them in the world . fer india ka sath panga lena uk ko vari porega a bat yead rak goddora , lutera , salo .
the reason i think is the support we are getting from french .. uk is . trying to arm twist us to buy their arms as well ...
uk is a heaven for all economic criminals and robbers
slap on face strongly by india .
a failed country uk , which is unable to protect his people from hongkong is talking now on the fake protests in india . uk don't dare to discuss on its own issues , chinese uighur issues , american black and white issues . its a conspiracy against india , as indians we won't excuse the uk doing malpractices . better to look at their own issues , instead of doing extras
briten has started again the old trick , devid & rule policy . now in indian parliament , should be descussed about brecksit deal , by undemacretic manner since about 50 % britishers rejected it . it should be discussed around the world parliament's
looters discussing about other country ... it's shame for uk parliament
specially celebs should never take position in favour of bharat otherwise dawoods political wing will threat them like lata or sachin .
indian parliament debate and should make a list of ornaments , crowns , jewels , other artifacts stolen by their degenerate queen and her current heritage should be forced to return all those artifacts as well charged for murdering innocent indians at jalianwala baug nd several other places . their current so called old goat , queen , is also now openly declared as racist by her own family
uk parliamentarians have no right or say to discuss / debate about inside issues of india . these brits cannot control the fascist khalistanis and hence , for vote bank these corrupt brits are debating such issues that do not pertain to uk .
they don't have to discuss with india or make india know of their position . we don't care !
india is really becoming a super power . a small democracy like uk is debating our legislative bill for no reason on piblic money . that means uk wants to learn the art of law making .
first of all i would like to suggest uk pm to get head bath with good shampoo and take nice haircut
indian parliament needs to discuss scottish independence and northern ireland integration into irish republic .
great news . the debate should go on
i am chinese , and i also hate that the british government always likes to intervene in the affairs of other countries . did the british forget that they are no longer the british empire ! no one cares about britain !
atleast outside india farmers getting support .. india is showcases as great democracy but that fact is it was
mini pak - uk who already have a pak london mayor are going down fast ! ! ! uk will break into 4 countries , karma will repay in kind what they did to india , this i am certain , only hope that i can see it in my lifetime .
u k please look in to your matter don't do divide n rule policy india is not under anyone our pm n party leaders will know to manage
india should shame uk's looting of india .
india must block vaccine to uk . uk need to look in their problems , it should not interfere in internal matters of sovereign nation .
this is how those protest are anti national .. they are not farmers they are protest for khali stan ..
would the british lawmakers tolerate around 500 of their policemen being wounded by the attack of khalistani terrorists masquerading as farmers ?
dont interfere in internal matters then why cant u support your own people instead of calling them terrorists ? and also this statement is mostly said by who r on the wrong side of debate lol
seriously what is wrong with uk ? has uk is has lost its mind .. indias in uk should focus on it's own people . what is uk blind not seeing that they are not even farmers ? has some people in india not done enough damage to the country that people from uk is trying for more ?
download our app - <url> follow dr gaurav garg on facebook - <url> follow dr gaurav garg on instagram - <url> join dr gaurav garg's telegram channel - <url> follow dr mahipal rathore on instagram - <url> follow dr mahipal rathore on facebook - <url> follow prashant mavani on facebook : <url> follow ankit agrawal on twitter : <url> follow ankit agrawal on facebook : <url> follow ankit agrawal on instagram : <url>
hello from bhiwani
victory for farmers hurrey
sir it is mistake here jan 2021 is correct not 2020
its first win of farmers ... #wesupportfarmers
how could sc suspend constituitionally laws passed by parliament ...
i m not aspirant of upsc i m in microbiology research but this channel made me addict to current affairs thank u for all these efforts
protest end nhi hoga untill repeal of black laws .
hopes appearing again !
the revolution has begun for our farmers
jai jawan jai kisan . victory of farmers . thanks to supreme court of india for giving justice to farmers .
law passed by parliament is supreme , sc doesn't have the power to discard a law passed by parliament . sc however can only sugest to modify the law according to the constitution of india .
hello guys , supreme courts order on stay its a trap govt jiski govt uski court this is modi raj ... they know if we put stay on bills the protest will be over and we will implement it later ... and i know supreme court cant repeal these bills coz this is not a judicial error its a political mistake of modi govt nd modi govt will have to repeal it ... farmers leaders has said we will not follow this stay or whatever ... only want to repeal bills and here are 3 points which was said by supreme court yestery and few weeks ago govt also said these same things in meeting 1 . stay on laws 2 . send back women and children ( they are our backbone of protest which we cant ) coz govt know on youth we can do violence and it cant be a peaceful protest anymore 3 . make a committee ( obviously it will favour govt ) and some people are saying why farmers are not going to supreme court ... let me tell that it will be a long procedure of 4-5 years and in those years your every food product will be marked as adani , ambani agro ltd .
fake news
. 2000 . the bill to make hoarding and black marketing a legal right has passed . can someone tell its benefit . actually 2000 years old slavery is in our blood and we feel it patriotism .
left librandu farmers protesting : we support farmers farmers supporting the bill : nakli farmers .
soon punjab vs rest of india farmers to happen .
most of the farmers supporting but only issue in punjab
sach bolo toh godi media wah opposition
fake news ! ! show us who said this in an interview video ? ?
finally better sense has prevailed
not journalists ; blatant propaganda , no balanced face to face interviews . using pictures to overlay own agenda .. the public will remember your brand for that ..
this bill is definitely help 80 /: of farmers community that too for small and medium formers . only the farmers supported by the oppsiton parties are in protest and they are not ready to any negotiations .
great news . i will make sure this bill help farmers . see jayaprakash narayan interview
you are pro bjp you can spilt formers
rubbish reporting
yessssssssssssssssss to farmers bill . no to bandh
they are not farmer its just a trap to kill the protest
haryana farmers who strike are not kalistan groups according to bakthas now
so let them implement this law only in haryana
something fishy . as like behind the screen in mp & ka politics
today i understand this laws thanks sir
very helpful
great sir really u explained dis in very simple way
nothing to say sir ... hats off
but sir , in many states farmers are not getting msp .
disclaimer : - - this review of farm bills is biased and you will not be told any single default in these bills in this lecture .
sir is it affordable for a farmer to sell its product to other state apmc or within the state at a large distance between two apmc .
sir , thank you for this amazing lecture .
best explanation from polity view sir
congress manifesto part was lit , no debate on that point
the central and state govt can still use black marketing and maintenance of supplies of essential commodities act to tackle black marketing , hoarding . adopting anti competitive measures by traders or companies could be dealt by cci . so there are no dearth of laws in an answer you could mention these points as well . morover the stock limit could be imposed under certain specified conditions which is one of the provision in the amendment
exactly sir
that's the problem of our country .. nobody wants to be neutral and just rely on facts and the truth ... such a informational video has only 16k views and that propagandist akash banerjee has millions ...
very well explained sir . i very much understood the need and the relevance of the first 2 acts . but still i don't understand the need or relevance of the amendment of the essential commodities act . the point you mentioned that farmers will also be able to hoard their produce would have been relevant if the farmers of india had that kind of money and resources to do so . according to the data of the goi , 82 % of the farmers are marginal and small farmers who depend on the earnings of their produce to fill their stomach , hence they wont be able to hoard their produce . however on the other hand large companies and traders can now hoard the produce and sell it at higher rates . almost 22 % of the population lies below the bpl and even the next 20-25 % of the people won't be able to purchase essential commodities like potato and onions if their prices rice by almost 100 % . i would like to hear your opinion on this sir . thanks again for the wonderful explanation
nice way of teaching , a good tutor , probably the best teacher of polity of current era . respect but there is nothing in congress manifesto that what u told as i just go through it and read it completely .
king of polity ..
sir please continue this you tube current affair series
and sir ek baar law bn gya .. to fir government monopoly kregi .. let's me inform you sir british raj bhi ek government e thi .. and what they did history knows ..
respected sir you don't know about ground reality ... there is a difference between books and real life
sir i respect you but aapka last point ki farmers ki field mortage n sell nhi hoti .. then how banks sell their field in auction when farmers are not able to repay their crop loans .. you seems biased here .. sorry to say this
farmers in bihar are living without msp ; pehle unke pass msp tha , but ab nahi hai . unke liye the sun has stopped to rise from the east . if the govt is really favouring the farmers , it must ensure them their msps . thats what the farmers protest is all about .
you are my favorite sir ... but this is very partial and incomplete information about the acts . i have also read all these three laws and i am also an advocate .
sir , i wish the best for you with all my heart .. huge respect ! ! can't thank you enough
thanks sir . you are the best teacher .
no comment you are best teacher
i am from bihar and here we dont have mandi but still we have to sell our crop very much below map like rice of 800-900 just like that
sir your all opinion is completely right but sir we have a political issue that you are currently said why the punjab and haryana are doing massive protest because the revenue generated from agriculture is huge profitable for state government of punjab and this made him to less dependent on central government . if all powers are centralised into one hand then this opppose the concept of power sharing in democracy punjab show a good experience of governing state and this profit can be benefited for people of punjab
thank you unacademy & arora sir
what msp is not part of these bill
thanks a lot sir , for this understanding video
so , far the best explanation . thankyou so much sir you cleared every point that came in my mind . thankyou thankyiy thankyou so much sir for making such videos
sir mst lecture tha
sir you are a teacher your job should be limited to tell good and bad of the law ... you told only benefits of the laws you didn't told about demerits ... what about demerits ?
brilliantly explained sir
highly grateful for this super detailed explanation .
sir mere ko unacdemy subscribtion lena h for three year . to prepare upsc . but i had just pass 12 th ( with science subjects ) this year ( 2020 ) . but for graduation till now av tak kahe admission ni leya hu agle saal luga admission can i join unacdemy and join 2 year course or not plz reply
abolish issuing licence to middle man . maybe good solution for regulation and free market ...
sir please make a full strength video on comparative politics . i shall be very thankful to you .
if anybody need unacademy subscription at 50 % cost let me know ...
as always best of the best teacher , sir , do you also teach law students ? ? ?
sir with all due respect , how clearly uh teach politics instead of polity ... this lecture is supposed to be just about merits and demerits of the 3 acts but i admire your smartness how smartly uh teach us politics ... because i am not interested in politics too so i directly goes to various issues involved in these said acts : - 1 . apmcs have to pay various duties which the pvt mandis need not pay l , which leads to complete take over by pvt mandis as a result apmcs will not exist in future . so it's indirectly closer of apmcs 2 . when apmcs will not be there so the question of msp automatically faced out without even mentioning it . 3 . in the very first instance , these pvt players will give a handsome return to the farmers produce but it won't be continued . and also the dispute resolution authority is sdm . and our head of govt . think that the sdm will listen to a farmer rather than a corporate . 4 . as you said ... that these laws r opening of doors for the reforms ... sir sry to say bt these are opening doors to the capitalist class in agriculture , they already have the resources and the farmers will need next 3 generations to get to these cold storage resources .. how can someone even justify these opening of doors to the reforms for farmers ... i am amazed ... last bt not the least " the head of the government of india himself said 15lakhs in a / cs , facing out black money , strengthening of democracy wide rti amendment , organisational independence etc etc etc " ... the last has nothing to do with politics
yes surely sun will raise at the east in normal conditions so law not needed . but tommorow if earth's rotation is revered then surely sun will not rise at east . yes the same logic for msp was applicable earlier when there was no law for contact farming , now you have the law which may hamper farmer interest . substantial event is that now you have law about contract farming , so why gov is not assuring farmers that msp will be applicable to corporates by adding simple term into new law .
sir , first time i do not agree with u 1 . there are some cm's in india who are saying , we won't buy and sell crops of other states . 2 . the other thing u are talking about is contract basis , just think if any conflicts happen , will the poor farmer will really have money to fight against the power like adani ambani in courts .. 3 . the 3rd thing you are talking about storing crops and commodities , in this the only problem is faced by the middle class peoples like us . storing of crops have resulted in onions tomato potato touching in 100 / kg ... some farmers in india , who grow crops are utilized by their family itself , will they have money to buy cold storage ware houses , and if they take on rent , then rent problem . what you are saying abhi darwaja khula hai etc etc , jb hmko pta hai ki vo darwaje k piche khayi aur kuoa hai to main vo darwaja q kholunga ... simple as that ...
sir please start law optional we haven't got our backs covered there ... we want u there sir plz
one issue with these farm act is that it's an state subject and centre didn't even discuss with state and farmer communities and organisation
you are ossson sir ... ji ... am a great fan of yours ... aap " dronachariya " ho ...
thank you so much sir . best
awesome in-depth crystal clear explanation . thank u very much , respected sirddharth sir .
thank you sir ... really got cleared about bill in one go
you said farmer is not enough educated to sell their produce digitaly ... but is it educated enough to understand and bind himself in a complex legal contracts .. ? 2 - the farmers will go for only cash crops 3 - the basic food grains price get dependent on market forces 4 - the monopoly of big companies may bound farmer to sell to them only , in what ever price the company agree ( eg - case of jio , wiping out competition and then establishing monopoly ) 5 - the companies may exploit soil , and use excess fertilizers to get higher yeild that can turn the land into barren and after some time when they can't get enough yeild they simply quit from the contract there are some more ... like it ... if you want to debate .
sir , we were selling our apples in the mandis of kolkata and maharashtra from our grandpa's time , they went there with the produce in their times . how is it different now ?
how to join telegram channel
in odisha when we agri students wen to villagers for rawe found that they rnt getting msp from agent . rice is has been around 1100-1400 but they get only 600-800 bcoz selling in mandi is very difficult due to corruptn . it was problem of each farmer even they lashed out at us thinking we r govt agents .
very helpful but sir its art 48 right ? at 15:40
sir problem is why govt take this way to introduce these law ie ordinance and proper debate in parliament . if it's the way make reform then what is the need of parliament . so according to me these law are unconstitutional ...
i want to share this link specially to the justin trudeau and i want to add this " interfere please " please tell ne if this would be right thing to do only then i'll do it very greatly explained sir you are the bestest
helloo sir plz continue this series
congress party jindabad
corrupt congress !
hello , our company has a 10 million project , i beg you to help us promote it . if you are interested in cooperation , please contact telegram :@ ronnie 6217072 5 , whatsapp : , 10 , , : @ ronnie 8526217072 5 , whatsapp :
jai jawan jai kisan zindabad boycott bjp rss nahpur ambani adani godi media bajrangdal vhp evm and save our samvidan and save our country , boycott jio relince and all products of ambani adani in india
really great
bhai tum abhi need se jage ho tumhari madad ki bohat zarurat hai farmers ko help save our farmers you are very powerful
rahul tm chutiyapa kro hm tmhare sth hai
support farmer there are enogh channel to oppse found just new one bibi which i used to follw showing , only pros of new law , show no cons or pro of old one
jai ho vijai ho . show mirror to shameless fekus .
ise twitter se bahar hone bolo aur sagharsh karne bolo
jai hind congress
* a i m i m *
pure congress party ko evm ke khilaf bhi road pr utarna cahiya aur evm band karwana chaiyea . evm hataow desh bachao .
bjp hatao desh bachao chaukidar chor hai
congress agar aaj strong opposition ka work nahi kar saki , then who will save , farmers & country
i believe , " any agitation type movement needs public support and sympathy to be successful . " here what has been observed that the so called leaders of agitating farmers , having fears and apprehensions , are not following the laws of natural justice to seek redressal by : - 1 ) not listening to the ministers , pm , even the laws enacted . 2 ) not listening their state govt who had passed in their lagislation for not following these three laws . punjab govt has directed their public not to follow the central laws . 3 ) not following the direction of hon'bl supreme court for joint discussions . 4 ) not believing the assurance given by the highest level in the govt . 5 ) utter disregards for the inconvenience caused to the public . 6 ) not caring , when other states in india are happy with the laws . 7 ) also by uttering derogatory remarks / abuses against the govt officers , leaders , supreme court , press reported . 8) going against their own manifesto given pre - election period . 9 ) by seeking support of the opposition parties . 10 ) tarnishing the image of india by advertising their propoganda in foreign countries till final outcome . i say , " such attitude not only tarnish the image of such agitation , also disheartened the govt machinery . " jai hind .
please save our kissans ... good initiative to make farmers voice heavyweight ...
first time he is going to do something good .
rahul sir is great men
adhar card + voter card + zamin pata + hastakhyr de toh thik hoga , barna log isse bhy drama bolenge
we support new farm laws
aagaye chuti chhe nahi ye kar kya rahe hai ek din hathras me puchata hai tractor chalate hai speech dete hai fir 2 week gayab india need strong person against modi
same exactly what was in my mind about legal services should be provided to farmers and it should be level playing grounds for both the parties .
thank you sir you are explation
sir contract farming lo farmers lands companies chethiki velthai antunnaru kada , asalu farmers enduku valla lands ni companies ki ammkuntaru ? e type farming valla raithulaku okavela loss continue gaa casthe ammukune chance undi , kani deeni dwara farmers ki profit a vasthundi kada sir .
. foreign exporting effect , contract , .
good explain
superb explanation , even layman also can understand the contents .
these are black laws becuse 1.there is no legality for minimum support price 2.before also no one stop if farmers sell their produce anywhere in india 3.major defect in this black laws is farmers can't go to court if they got loss from the corporates with this black law 4.after the contract if prices are up then farmers still have to sell for least price and it leads to huge crruption and is useful for brokers , mediators and whoever have power 5.due to monopoly and high power in corporates - they will force farmers to sell / contract for free 6.more than 87 % of indian farmers are very small - like less than 3 to 4 acres so all these farmers can't sell their produce other than local markets due to very high transportation charges
why contract farming ? ? what way it is related to globalization ? ? ?
super information i satisfy tq sir
super anna baga cheppav thank you
exlent your ideas
100 % agree with you sir
chala thanks sir nice explanation
sir my name is ramana ... i want make short film about : " raithu band " i want suggetions from you ... please send your phone number sir
good analysis sir
ippudu edhaina disaster vachi crop pothe aa agreement lo entha amt unte antha istara ?
hii .. sir ... goodevening sirr . send me ur phone number sir .. pls . sir .. i am phd.political science @ public administration scholar.in s . v university .
already govt allocated 1lac crore to establish 10000 groups in this bill . its matter of time
well explainex
contract farming will not effect the farmers . as u said it is already there in seed industry for the past 30-40 yrs on the name of seed production . u take any traditional seed production areas in the country , formers will prefers seed production of seed companies than their own traditional cultivation.the reason is , farmers are getting better profits in seed production ( i . e contact farming ) than traditional cultivation . mean time they are happy with seed companies and never face the problems with any companies for the past 3-4 decades ( like many complainted ) ...
what the indian farmers need is not unguided freedom ; what he needs is help both financial and technological .
good information
the protest is right
making group is good idea
excellent explain sir thank you
very good explanation sir
straight forward cheyala vadda ?
thanks sir
modi stupid pm of india
the 3 members of the supreme court farm committee are working with at least 1 generation old data . they don't know what they are talking about . in usa , they are moving away from the subsidy heavy big farm system these " dinosaurs " are promoting . . . by their own admission they been waiting 70 years for these laws , in the meantime the world has moved on . in india farmers contribute net 6 % of revenue to government coffers ( all taxes paid - subsidies - gov services ) . in the usa they are moving to smaller farm to fork local farming that is more profitable and without subsidies .
so supreme court is also anti national now
this drama knows everyone , do not want stay farm law , must scrap all these 3 farm law , i hope ending modi and bjps era is nearing , now all over people understand how modi is playing games , so farmers never surrender to modi and his bjp government , long live farmers , god bless and guide farmers , .
this is not the blow to the government it is blow to the anti-national congress and other anti-national elements who brought the agents in the name of farmers will suffer the defeat in this end .
just hold dont belive its drama from bjp to clear the crowd before 26th jan . because intl media will spit on if 26th parade get affect . dont belive sc and dont move delhi
shame on suprem court
what's drama going own ! ! !
what brejesh pandey brother wii do for trp issue has finished
the supreme court cannot be trusted . the main task of the supreme court is now to flatter the government . who is to say that the government is not fooling us with the help of the supreme court ?
prof . gulati proposed commitee member is anti farmer . he is one hundred percent in favour of these three laws .
i am tired of these dramas
judiciary has no such powers , just who the hell are these loser lawyer turned judges ( some in foreign payroll , some honey trapped , some just desh drohis ) to play god ? we want principles of natural justice ( dharma ) to be paramount , illegal collegium judiciary is responsible for naxal red corridor , ethnic cleansing of kashmiri pandits and khalistani movement . thousands of undertrials rot in jail because these melords take decades to solve cases and insist on ridiculous bail money and guarantee from very poor people . they have done extreme judicial overreach to legalise adultery / homosexuality and bitcoin against the will of indian public . all info from captain ajit vadakayil , read his blogs " we the people are done with illegal collegium judiciary , form military courts to hang jewish deep state payroll judges who bleed bharatmata " " nsa must form military courts , bypass the desh drohi judiciary , and hang foreign funded traitors on the streets "
it is partial victory to farmers and it will weaken the movement . it is face saving to modi led bjp government
it is big blow to farmers .
if pull back these laws it's a shame for government , for saving their face supreme court came forward by government advice
even farmers know tat finally supreme court ll favour the laws bcoz there is no logical reasons to say tat the laws are against the benefit of a farmer ... now those fake farmers who are protesting are in a fully confused state after tdys verdict ... rip urban naxals ...
may be a drama farmers should be carefull
the order is rather a respite to the govt to halt the rise of the biggest movement since independence till the black laws be scrapped altogether the movement should go continue to save our farmers and our country and democracy which this govt want to crush .
simultaniously the evm system of poling should also be baned by the top court
it's a minor victory for cunning govt . farmers got nothing . left sullen , robbed and confused . farmers should not budge .
mr . trump in usa and our ( idi amin )
if the laws are formulated in this manner in the name of majority by distorting the provisions in the constitution like in the case of these three controversial farm laws converting the state list to concurrent or to the central list conveniently , the very purpose of the incorporation of these provisions specifically made by the constitution makers will be defeating its purpose.on this basis , on a certain day this government can pass any other bill harming any community by distorting the provisions in the constitution . the honble sc should see to it and the intention of this government behind passing the bills in violation of the federal structure of the country.on the face of it the three laws cant stand the scrutiny of the legal position . the supreme court should also see the matter of insult and humiliation of the farmers branding them terrorists etc behaving in a most insulting and humiliating manner through the certain media and its blind bhagats sticking to it being its beneficiaries in one way or the other .
it's time that the judiciary stepped in to save democracy ... 3 cheers
this is a got up game between the supreme court and bjp government to keep the farm act in abbeyance . the farmers have rightly decided not to adhere to such decisions . the farm act has been enacted by the government without consulting the farmers in advance only to facilitate the corporate sectors so the law should now be repealed by the government .
it is a trap ... govt used supreme court to tackle the situation but under no circumstances these 3 laws are going to remove ... these 3 laws going to stay forever
masterstroke by u know whom .
why sc took so long to decide ... , ... its a fishy . this govt is snake it's not gonna bend down . but must be made to bend down .
no if & but's ... just scrap these implemented 03 farmer's law ... & ... new law for msp ... for all 75 % population's ... who are farmer's of india
its a trap to torpedo this great revolution ... who all agree ?
don't fall into the trap it's not permanent , it's actually planned by govt to stop the protest of 26th jan
farmers should continue there protest ,
the game of supreme court and bjp played well behind the scene
the committee should work with out cunning
members of the committee have already publicly supported the farm bills ? could the supreme court be any more biased .
full support strong support from indian muslims to our sikh brothers and farmers from all over india
supreme court is nothing but bjp
good job by the supreme court
where's our kunal kamra
thanks for super supreme court gave some support for farmers , farmers our fathers and sisters . mothers they milk us like cow give milk for living people viva sji of india good governess of court
after 48days and 60 more deaths , staying 3 farm laws and forming panel by sc is simply an attempt to send back the farmers on road to their residence . in the name of discussions government have wasted time to demoralise the farmers . sc's motive is not clear i . e . whether it is trying to save the face of the government or the lives of farmers .
perhaps , all are drama for abrogate the planned tractor rally towards delhi . we never admit any authority at any cost to dismiss the gatheration . court could have to stop implementation before law activated or before immolated 60 martyrs . if once scattered farmers or dispersed over to mother villages or diminished the accumulation or withdrawn the protest , surely potency of unity will deplete . moreover , dynast would never allow once again gather for mob or protest against them . even if new law temporarily stayed by court , will gradually be injected without aware of anyone . so we , the people of india must bring forth over monarch that " unconditional withdraw " . it is mandatory for safe of our offsprings and our nation too .
just to avoid tractor march on 26th jan .
supreme court order means sword will hang on the head and farmers wasted nearly two months life on roads ! !
the farmers shud not back down repeal those laws if u can stay them that means u can also repeal them nd start afresh
what was all people doing so far are they silent listener just scrap once for all
bjp is fooling farmers
modiji was not selling tea at the railway station in vadnagar , but was grinding salt at his father's shop in vadnagar . modiji's uncle was selling tea at the vadnagar railway station . that's right ... you can check-in at the railway station in vadnagar .
i would suggest any lutyens media and rraahhuulll baby tobe a part of the committee .
unbelievable .. just scrap the laws ..
a dispassionate view . so from now onwards , if at all any govt wants to pass any law , it should maintain a record of consultations it made with the parties concerned before making it and interest of crores of people can be taken for a ride by just 5000 people who agitate against government and immobilise common men . good precedence . whatever happening ( as per holy " geetha " saying ) is only for good .
it's a drama played by the supreme court , due to republic day parade
the ultimate solution is to scrap the three farm laws . staying the laws are eye wash
stay ... until further orders ... further orders when ? after 6 months ? is there a timeline when the recommendation will come ? one more ploy ... to buy time ... and ... weaken the farmer mentality and physically ?
this is not win for farmers as govt . don't want to bow in front of farmers used supreme court to use this tactics so farmers will end agitation ... y sc has not told govt . to take back such laws ... fooling farmers tactically
finally
but what farmers are saying from border don't sensationalize the drama of supreme joke
thanks for cj bobdae , supreme court taught a lesson to modi and shah , both of them shamelessly requested , supreme court to deport the farmers , and prevent them from doing kisan march , on 26 . supreme taught them a lesson .
no stay ... just scrap it it's drama played by court with government as director
very gud
at least , to strike a compromise , govt . need to have a seperate agency to act as a business resource center for the farmers in each state that they can go to ; to give them business guidance , teach them business & negotiating skills etc . without that , it's like throwing them out of the ship and they're saying , they don't even know how to swim
this is the best thing ever i watched
this happens only in india . legislation on street
these are not facts . these are your views which are totally wrong . government never agreed for msp . if government told in your ear , please do notification from government . farmers will be thankful to you .
farmers income should rise imo pls explain abt pros and cons in layman language ( some one literate and knowledgeable pls ) apmcs , storage , ration , msps did help but will they be required in the future ( most of the farmers are poor ) ? ? explain frm environmen , t conservative ( social , societal ) and modern points of view
theory is good but behind the curtain govt supports hoarding and big business house
okay so basically i support modi and i dont need to give you a reason , cuz its just politics yk
i thought that no war is necessarily over till eternity . we have seen vajpayee .
modi's next step will be to withdraw from the wto ; otherwise , india needs to pay billions of dollars as compensation to the eu , the usa , and canada .
the history of big companies in agriculture across the world shows that small farmers are unable to compete and get uprooted once big players enter the market . arecent study of contract farmingin the moga , tarn taran and amritsar proves this point for india as well
new farm laws is a lifeline for big corporates who are keen to enter the only space where demand is always ever-present : food supply . this feeling is compounded by the modi government's reluctance to make msp a law . if these legal changes are going to help farmers get better prices in the open market , then what is the problem in legally fixing floor prices every year ? after all , if private procurers are going to pay more , the government will never actually have to pay the msp , and it will cost the exchequer nothing . no one believes that the existing apmc system is good . but the opposition to these new laws isn't just coming from those who believe in ' socialist ' solutions . there is also the example of the successful milk cooperative movement in gujarat's amul and its offshoot , mother dairy . what stopped the modi government from introducing new laws that would facilitate , fund and legally protect such cooperatives in farming ? that's a question even the greatest votary of capitalist farming cant answer
compare india's progress in gandhi congress time and compare it's progress under modi ji our pm so understand the difference . understand how we are progressing at a large scale under narendra modi . but the people are brainwashed by congress ( idiotic party ) and are constantly finding problems in bjp and narendra modi ji . yaar thodi to sharam karo ! !
sir you are absolutely right . farmers in the other parts of india don't have a single problem and why do these punjab farmers have a problem ? congress the opposition government is creating chaos in india against bjp and narendra modi . and the farmers of the rest of the india came to protest against these farmers protesting for no reason . making innocent faces won't make you great and develop stympathy for these fake farmers in no smart person's heart . these are khalistani people and kisan andolan is just a name but they are the khalistani supporters . these people protested with the khalistani flag in usa also at the same time and they said it was all linked and planned . and why would any farmer stay antil their need in their farms ? why will they remain wasting their time in protests during their sowing and harvesting season . no farmers who would actually be suffering would wait for so long for any purpose during their sowing and harvesting season . starting from 9th august and continued for 7 months and 2 days . can any farmer stay for so long . no they can't . then who are these ? they are the fake farmers or not an indian . because no indian would create chaos on the republic day of his / her country india ! " jai jawan jai kisan " is a slogan famous in india . now will any true indian and a true kisan ( farmer ) create a chaos on the red fort in india that too on an important day for india which is it's republic day . these fake farmers on that day beated the police , destroyed the government things and harmed at the red fort . why is this not highlighted . why is it not highlighted that how come only farmers from punjab have issues with the new law introduced ? ? ? this is all dirty plans of congress .
i used to like this guy , but its clear hes a government shill working on behalf of the current administration . disappointed someone once considered a journalist can be bought to be a mouth piece to spread government propaganda .
good thing that " farm leaders " weren't wise enough to accept govts offer . this is how it will end , a riot , a few arrests , raf , crpf , central forces take charge , cycle continues till the rioters leave the encroached area .
gupta starts licking shoes on the way .. for last 6 months . see his posts before and now :) now in the name of facts and national interest .. tailoring a coat suits as much like " nation wants to know "
farmers have not allowed any political parties on their stage . they want it to remain a totally kisan andholan - esp.since all political parties have pretty much done nothing for them . if elected politicians , political opposition , and staye governments properly discharged their duties , these laws would never ha e passed , or they would be being played in courts by state governments , and kissans would not be in this andholan . they are here b / c they see a certain death with these laws and so they see no choice but to stay here in harsh conditions . over 216 people have died while sitting in these dharnas .
modis change means privatising everything owned by govts by peoples money and selling it to corporates for pennies to adani / ambani ! ! ! and then having their money elect him forever ! ! !
all indian want is roti , kapda , makan ! ! ! we are all so sick of hindu / muslim polarisation / politics . we are all insaans first , and even then , that is what our dharma teach us ! ! ! wake up people and save democracy ! ! save people if i do a from catastrophy that is the making ! ! ! wto / imf / worls bank will not come to ypur aid when hundreds of millions will die of hunger - just like in the 1960s when indians could not produce enough and then the green revolution came thanks to lal bahadur shastri and lead by punjab / haryana ! ! !
if these laws were as good as you / go to.says they are . there is no way that the go t . would have told the farmers toamend as much as they wanted but to just leave thekhalee dabba / empty box ! ! ! these farm laws will harm india and hundred of millions will die of hunger.meanwhile ambani / adani will get richer and the wto / world bank / imf will be happy too for once again they done to sit fos what east india company did ! ! !
india canot impose these laws in farmers b / c they have no jobs into which to absorb the farmers . they cannot match the is , canada , europe etc b / c those countries : - industrialised o et 100-200 years and have jobs foe their people ! - have education , healthcare , other social security programs to help people in need . - have strong democratic institutions that actually work ! india has none of these therefore we need to develop as a country before we can impose these on farmers . 2 % of indians already live below the poverty guidelines . if 65 % are in agriculture , over thenext 3-10 years , how many more will join these ?
farmers need swaminathan report recommendations legalised so that they can get a fair price for their produce . nothing else ! ! ! bjp promised in 2014 it would be their first act in government to didi ! and then ? a year later they gave an affidavit to supreme court that they will not do so because thatll increase inflation ! politics ? lies ? marking a fool of farmers ? ? ?
the farm laws are kala at the core : 1 . unconstitutional - only states can make those laws and bot the cemtral govt . 2 . suspending them for 18 / x months is hogwash - supm.ct needed to declare them unconstitutional so the question of suspension does not even arise 3 . all of national bar associations and all those vakeels like bhanupratap who are supporting the farmers - do you think ypur qualification to read / analyse these laws are better than them ? ? ? stop the nonsense .
modi shah made the biggest mistake in not consulting you how to resolve the farmers agitation . you can expect a phone call from them anytime soon .
in this comment section i really understood stupidity definitely don't have limits . as long it cell and mootharakudukis gonna be there india is doom for sure . they don't have understanding capacity or tolerant capacity .. i never seen this kind of foolish people in my life .
it has been lost by media like u and the farmers who are protesting besides the paid parties .
amazing how pro farm law snippets are thrown into the mix - there is nothing wrong in the farm . laws ... removal of msp is a conjecture .
please sir be like as you were reporting earlier . it's seems u have lost the path
pls while speaking use pauses wherever necessary
if the farm laws are so good , why do the farmers are agitating ... if the farm laws are so good , why the government suggested for amendments ... if the farm laws are so good , why the government is offering it's suspension for one and half years .. how can you say that the laws passed in parliament without any discussion are so good ... if the bjp leaders have no courage to reach out to the people of punjab , haryana and west up to defend the farm laws , how good are these laws for the farmers ...
what a fool you are , this is obviously a bjp fanboy channel but why lie to bjp supporters ? there is zero benefit to farmers from these laws , they only exist to enrich corporations . the same corporations that fund the bjp . the second they're repealed the protest will end . modi and his goons are playing politics , but the farmers just want to get on with their lives . the hundreds of farmers who have died so far didn't give their lives for ' politics ' . this is not a game .
wonderful unbiased analysis . u are far far better than republic - a sold out channel to incompetent bjp
gupta ji even you have become a bhakt
5 mins in an confused as fuck
he sees nothing wrong with the laws . wow
i feel that this farm bill proposed by gov . needs some changes & amendments to imply that our most diligent & hardworking farmer brothers get their truly deserving rewards : 1 ) need to define the regulated framework where government will oversee & monitor the contract farming deal presented by private entity . 2 ) government need to formulate the law & create the framework which ensures that farmer should be funded with the promised amount as per the contract . 3 ) if any private company tries to backout from the promised price then need to frame laws to suspend their functioning license . such that way strict laws will protect our hardworking farmer community . farmers were , are & will be the foundational & core asset of indian economy . so need to focus on empowering & prospering our farming community to see the strong economy & growth of india on the global platform . jai jawan jai kisan
entire nation is with modi except few prestitite like you
farmer problems are very old problems . no government have taken any steps to resolve the problem . modi government is trying his best .
bakwaas , watch dhruv rathee s farmer bill video , real issue is mandi system is being implemented under private mandi system and not govt regulated , this system was tested before and it failed world over , farmers will lose voice with this bill .
but respect u for coming up with ur own opinion that farm laws r good ... respect
modi lost ? . ur own narrative ... he is winning without firing one bullet .. will all journos like u against him ... u r from old journalists that thrived by serving first family ..
idiot shekhar gupta . spreads lies and butters up the congrees
it's revealing one of the world's powerful mafia . a cunning mafia using the poor farmers as cover .
not agree on many points . there is no credibility of present government keeping the historical records in mind . even conceding to amendments simply means that there are faults in acts besides being unconstitutional and classic examples of colourable legislations . please read the provisions of the constitution .
kosher kosher kosher .. i feel like a jew after listening to the word so many times . big fan sir .. i am a protesting farner but i follow you because you're correct , laws ' can be ' beneficial .
if you claim that farm laws are do you think i that farmers are morons ?
the print , quint , wire , rndtv . rajdeep sar desai , havard fake proffessor are fake news roiters . boycott these with china and khangress .
real farmers are happy with new farm laws of india
you are a shameless and biased journalist . feel sorry to have seen you degenerating as you seem to embrace the famous proverb , enemies enemy is your friend
comedy piece sekhar gupta .. cry lot qnd apply burnol .. chinese journalists ... modiji is supreme commander of india
how much did modi govt pay you shekar to switch sides ? !
have we to suppose even the intellectuals like shekhar gupta have come to the conclusion that immorality in politics is not a bad thing , and a wicked party wining election after election through communal polarisation and hate mongering has to be meekly accepted as a normal thing without any attempt to protest against it ? in that case , this country is undoubtedly going to the dogs .
from the english lyceum : a tribute to an intrepid gentleman & scholar , shekhar gupta . sir , my humble contention , however acrid : you speak what you write , and for writing , you need strong grounding in english grammar and a stock of 2000 words that are recited by you every day . gesticulating of hands so frequently will abate considerably , and your talk will be more intimate . i am at your beck and call for a demonstration class for you and the members of your staff . the books exclusivity : 1 . what as an antecedent-relative pronoun . ( underlined at page no . 20 & 54 . ) 2 . g . c . whitworths three golden rules for using the articles in english . ( underlined at page no . 37 ) 3 . it as an anticipatory subject with noun phrases and noun clauses . ( underlined at page nos . 47 & 48 ) 4 . possessive adjectives vs . possessive pronouns . ( underlined at page no . 57 ) 5 . distributives ( each , every , either , neither ) . ( underlined at page no . 58 ) 6 . verb transitive with an indirect object and a direct object . ( underlined at page no . 61 ) 7 . factitive verbs . ( underlined at page no . 61 ) 8 . three times for past perfect tense . ( underlined at page no . 110 ) 9 . the fourth tense ( future in the past tense ) . ( underlined at page no . 112 )
another of godia ..
modi has never and never lost on farm laws , infact he has won all over
name of government in purchaser definition is missing . why ...
the other name for politics is , corporate . every corporate on being fulfilled with required stock , will try to escape , to enjoy upon the rolled stock for life . so , what more is needed to enjoy - " pleasures of power . " ? . * every thing is simple if you know it . cheers . *
nothing msp - in farmers bills ? outside apmc , its not necessary - its not ( deliberately ) mentioned .
lol , we all know print will fail as usual
mr shekhar gupta you are misleading now by putting this heading ' govt . lost " . will you please correct yourself now after the debate in rajya sabha and loksabha and the reply of pm ?
is he saying farm law's are going to benefit farmers ? because this contract farming happens in my village , we are not earning like crazy . we don't even get payments for months .
what are your views after pm reply in loksabha ... ? ? still you feel govt is lost ? ?
9 cr farmers in india . protestors are 1.25 lacs . print just lost the narrative
i agree with your opinion . but opinion ko facts mat boliye please .
print is nothing but andolanjeve as pm categorized them .. andolanjeve makes their living by doing protest . they are nothing but organized pr to protest , to pull crowd , its an organized industry . and these people are part of it . they even can't have a open debate on farm lawa
minecraft " " asmr " " pewdiepie " " music " " fortnite " " markiplier " youtube is a perfectly balanced game with no exploits . " runescape " " world of warcraft " " shadowlands " " dream " " mrbeast " " warzone " " faze clan " " 100 thieves " " call of duty " " pokemon " " pokemon cards " " card unboxing " " charizard " " they don't want you to know " " flat earth " " round earth " " triangle earth " " earth is not earth " " what even is earth if not earth omg government is lying to you " " minecraft " " asmr " " pewdiepie " " music " " fortnite " " markiplier " youtube is a perfectly balanced game with no exploits . " runescape " " world of warcraft " " shadowlands " " dream " " mrbeast " " warzone " " faze clan " " 100 thieves " " call of duty " " pokemon " " halo " " devil may cry " youtube is a perfectly balanced game with no exploits . cocomelon t series minecraft " " asmr " " pewdiepie " " music " " fortnite " " markiplier " youtube is a perfectly balanced game with no exploits . " runescape " " world of warcraft " " shadowlands " " dream " " mrbeast " " warzone " " faze clan " " 100 thieves " " call of duty " " pokemon " " pokemon cards " " card unboxing " " charizard " " they don't want you to know " " flat earth " " round earth " " triangle earth " " earth is not earth " " what even is earth if not earth omg government is lying to you " " minecraft " " asmr " " pewdiepie " " music " " fortnite " " markiplier " youtube is a perfectly balanced game with no exploits . " runescape " " world of warcraft " " shadowlands " " dream " " mrbeast " " warzone " " faze clan " " 100 thieves " " call of duty " " pokemon " " halo " " devil may cry " youtube is a perfectly balanced game with no exploits . cocomelon t series 24
this guy is a joke ...
govt says the agitation is by rich farmers . with agricultural land ceiling laws in all states , i do not see how there are rich farmers . will somebody explain why msp about which the govt . is willing to give a written assurance , cannot be given a statutory sanction .
agree with most points but still modi government will come out unscathed ...
india has followed populism since 1947 . if big reforms are not pushed now we have existential threat . so it's do or die .
what is democracy without politics . simple answer is pakistan .
modi government divided the people of india and yes modi will never pass the law and modi leave all hindus to suffer ? indian to suffer !
gupta sahab , all old is not gold . though you have become senior journalist unfortunately still you are raw . see , how modi is coming again after 2024 too . these people are making him hero again .
you claim farm laws are good for farmers . i'm a farmer and i don't find anything good in the law . declaration of msp is of no use unless the buyers are forced into not buying below msp . my corn crop fetched rs 12 per kg while msp is 17.5 . why doesn't the msp become law ? armchair analysis is not required .
put msp in the bill
if the laws are repealed , modi govt will learn its lesson that the indian constitution and india's federal structure cannot be kicked out of the window . we are not open to fascism and anarchy and single party system and dictatorship ... not necessarily in that order .
so mr gupta agrees that hoarding should be legalised ? is it so ? or was that a purely generic statement .
the print is khalistani favourite for a reason
modi has become mark of arrogance
politics is fine fun and frolic for those sitting in ac rooms and munching their choicest food . can they come out and put their foot in slush for food and then play games .
you are not a farmer . only farmers can tell what is good for them . you are repeating what the rulers tell as a parrot . unfortunate .
mr . shekhar gupta , you jumped the gun this time did you not ? you made your prophecy a bit early . " modi govt . has lost the battle " you said . after having watched mr . modi's very convincing speech in the parliament , we do not think so . there may come some minor adjustments to the law but there will be no withdrawal . any one who underestimates mr . modi has been rewarded with a red face in past and you have been too sir ! but there is no shame in being proven wrong by a able leader of the country who has a proper and correct agenda that has come in at the right moment in india's history . besides the biggest losers are the punjabi farmers and punjab as a state . after this rowdy agitation on the 26th jan , which industrialist will dare to open a factory in punjab ? while the rest of india is industrialising , punjab will be bypassed . they are already on a downhill spiral on agricultural profits and the only thing that could save them ( i . e . industry ) is not going to happen . i hope their chief minister is reading this . you just pushed punjab in to middle ages with the violent demonstration .
so , the very early introduction of democracy equally for all with equal value votes for all after independence and the consequent politics is the ill of everything . the smart , skilful , strong , ready for sacrifice , hard work etc . , may ensure power but not right government for development in politics of democracy .
indian govt must win the hearts of small and big farmers in all the states with very bright farming reform policies to make india rich of essential commodities in india and abroad too . in every states of india , the farmers are being looted by the market agents and the middlemen . farmers are not getting the really deserving supports from state govts and central govt , as per the records in the past . govts are ignoring the farmers rights always in every states . jai hind
so the rioters are playing politics with the life of farmers
really ? i think after the rajyasabha speech you need to analyse this topic again ...
99.99 % farmers are in support of farm laws it is fake brokers and there stooges who are looted weak farmers and fci
todays on going activities in our daily life , both good and bad is politics which tomorrow becomes history . this matters because today the politics is sidelined purposefully and business , religion is kept on the top and ofcourse development for the priveledged few .
real farmers are always in support of new laws , but the dalals are opposing this bill who were getting benefits from small farmers but after the implementation of the new laws the dalas will not get benefited from this that's why dakait is playing dirty politics .
whatever , present govt failed in communication . we all know , media and brokers misleading farmers , bringing villegers by force . govt to focus out of panjab and haryana and hand hold farmers of other states too
after a long time nine to see good news
rakesh tickait is desh drohi gaddar congressi chatukar ? ? ?
well done republic world for the covarage .
farmers are getting benefited by new bill .
truth always wins .
4:03 lol good point . take that khalistanis
send ndtv team qnd they will reverse the same news .
when rajasthan farmers do same work and happy with laws why fuss by punjab farmers under same congress style of working . will raghul baba set right punjab needs
this should be broadcast in entire nation so that everyone understands .
opposition parties are fighting a survival battle due to new farm laws which will expose and end their exploitation and loot of farmers across india
please stop politics on formers , we support new former bills
good to hear
central farm laws are pro laws not anti laws
this is a real work of a media
please share the positive stories of farm laws , so the protests will fizzle out automatically . everybody knows , who are protesting ! ! !
antinational hindus ndtv indiatoday uddhav thackeray sonia uddhav sena sharad pawar corrupt govt killing maharashtra people for 100crs
great news hope other also understand that these laws are option and not compulsion so that poor farmer can get out of vicious circle of aardti system
that is awesome ! that is progressive
excellent reporting : clear facts , concise and to the point . republic is really doing a good job .
let farmers of punjab and haryana sell their grains to private buyer as they don't want government laws .
i am a south indian from coimbatore and used to work in a bombay based organisation that , among other things worked on the issue of farmers aggregation . i have seen with my own eyes how farmers were looted by the agents under the mandi system . in kota , for eg , it was common for agents to fix two prices for a single lot of mustard , both of them explorative . the plight of farmers was unbearable . similar scenes were witnessed in states like up , mp etc . things were slightly better in maharashtra . though these happened about 15 years back , i knew for a fact nothing much has changed . the new laws are a great move by the government . however , much needs to be done through contact programs and awareness campaigns on a really massive scale . there are trusted ngos in rural india that will do this job for a small fee gladly . i wonder why this is not being done even while the agitation is going on . it is so easy to expose these opportunists !
great news ... i am happy for our farmers ... very soon they will grow stronger ... abhi sahi me annadatha kehlayenge ... jai kisan jai hind jai bharat
finally they using their brains to understand rather than protest
mr . anchor : i loved seeing a young woman farmer selling her products confidently . she would be inspiration .
superrrrr good ! thenga to khangress , maoist , khalistani , liberals ! ! !
i'm so happy to see peace and happiness and a sense of relief in the farmers faces . i'm sure one day the farmers only will teach the protestors in delhi a good lesson . well done rajasthan . you set a fine example .
no 1 pm of india ...
this is the reality !
kisan knows they are good .. its kisan neta n thier politic which will suffee
if farmers are realizing the benefits of the farm acts why are they not disassociating with the protesting farmers , who are not farmers at all
great news
well done republic team for showing truth
this village may home near .
the farmers do support the farm and are in the farm ... working and producing food for the nation . they are for india . god bless india with people of strength , character , honesty and integrity to come into power . may our nation prosper and grow .
where are other lutiens media . why they are not showing now the benefits that farmers are getting now . more videos from different parts of country should be shared for awareness ... pls upload more videos so that ordinary famers who were brain washed can come to streamline .
this is result that we will get frm other parts of our country .. hope other farmers who are on road understand .. nd this takait should be jailed for insulting our country's flag nd image of our country
this is correct position . but in punjab what is happening is that brokers or commission agents threaten the farmers and hence they will live in fears and loose income . it is their fate .
the colorful turban guy explained very well .. !
tank you republic bharat for showing ground reality it is a eye opener who are against new farm law's .
aum very good .. pradeep sharma pse give a copy of this report to the supreme court committee on farm laws . furthermore one copy to minister of agriculture . this report shames the farmers unions and middlemen . the farmers themselves are telling us they are very happy with the margins of profit they are making . god bless the bjpngovernment and the poor farmers
dmk will not fear anyone . but we will keep quiet when katcatheevu was gifted . when riad took place we gave 63 seats to congress . we kept quiet in cauvery issue bravely without raising voice against centre . we were observing mounavrat that is why we have not renewed cauveey accord . ai many times we kept quiet against centre without any fear .
all the farmers should think before they oppose new farm bill ( what kind of life that they are facing since 73 years of independence ) no minimal profit with loss in farming and lakhs of farmers sucides who unable to repay the loan's because of old law's this new farm bill will assure you with profit margin to all the farmers by cutting all the middle man & commission agents this is just a single point in it & go through all points in it you will come to know the reality as the bill is favor towards the farmers development
why the word kinchith which is sanskrit .
no need of feedback , they are very good laws . what's wrong in selling our agri products at our farm and to the best quoted buyers . we support farm laws
wah republic bharat ... good luck
this video must reach to every farmer ! those middlemen blocking the roads never wanted this independence to our farmers ! !
after 2 years it will be different
fantastic newspaper a true example of good reform
selling on his price with ease and close to their khalihan
wire ... will they print this ?
one day ok . one week ok . one month too ok . but going on dharna for months together not ok . no one is interested in dharna . even they forgot why they sat on dharna . tikait ka ticket cut gaya . khud apni gaadi ko palti laga diya . insurance companies , be careful . don't compensate for any damages . khel khatam .
it is the best solution for farmers n will show big results in the days to come when big corporates come to buy their produce
earlier even farmers from assam too supported the new laws . tikait and the team is trying to play politics for their selfish interest with the help of middlemen from punjab and haryana . hope the genuine farmers will realise this fact and support the new rules which will free them from the clutches of the middlemen .
wow very good every village shoud be mandi
fantastic news this should be translated in south indian languages and telecasted , so as to reach entire south india .
now slowly real farmers understand the benefit of form law . only khalisthani oppose the law
download our app - <url> follow dr gaurav garg on facebook - <url> follow dr gaurav garg on instagram - <url> join dr gaurav garg's telegram channel - <url> follow dr mahipal rathore on instagram - <url> follow dr mahipal rathore on facebook - <url> follow prashant mavani on facebook : <url> follow ankit agrawal on twitter : <url> follow ankit agrawal on facebook : <url> follow ankit agrawal on instagram : <url>
thank you so much sir wholeheartedly ! ! !
the way you explain
thanks sir
lol ... msp for vegetables ... rofl ... yeh kab tha
ndtv as you consider yourself national .. also go to other indian states .. for interview
as of now , cacp recommends msps of 23 commodities , which comprise 7 cereals ( paddy , wheat , maize , sorghum , pearl millet , barley and ragi ) , 5 pulses ( gram , tur , moong , urad , lentil ) , 7 oilseeds ( groundnut , rapeseed-mustard , soyabean , seasmum , sunflower , safflower , nigerseed ) , and 4 commercial crops ( copra , sugarcane , ... nov 25 , 2020
one more term for modi & india is doomed
this is a scene straight of the movie - " buddha in a traffic jam " .
99.50 % farmers have " welcomed the new farm bills " ... ! ! ! we are all aware of the fact that protests are not farmer's protest , but politicallysponsored chaos ... ala shaheen-bagh " .. it's a carefullymanufacturedconspiracy by the congress-jihadi-leftist-nexus against the modi govt .. ! ! ! the nefariousdesign of the congress-jihadi-leftist-nexus to gin-up farmers into launching protests against the govt needs to be exposed . the congress-jihadi-leftist-nexus has been instigating farmers under the garb of sikhism & guru govind singh to participate in these congress leftist sponsored protests . the congress & leftist roaches averse to the modi govt have been resorting to lies & propaganda to mislead farmers into believing that the 3 - farm-laws are against their interests . when some farmers died a naturaldeath , photos of the dead were circulated in far-off villages in punjab stating that they were martyred during the farmers protest in delhi in order to generate resentment against the modi government . the farmers are also fedlies that demonstrators are dying in the protest while the government is simply watching over . the propagandists are goading people into joining the protests in the name of sikhism & guru govind singh . those who oppose them are branded as enemies of the community & are threatened with banishment from the society and this is all happening under the pretext of farmers protests , sharma said . appeals are being made to sikh pride and guru govind singh to get farmers to participate in the protests . the jihadileftist organisations had been befooling farmers in villages to join the protests & when the lies about new farm bills did not stick , the leftists tried to enlist them for the protests by citing sikhism & guru govind singh . when farmers started to realize that the furore over the 3 - farm laws is unwarranted , the jihadi - leftist organisations started linking the protest to the sikh pride . comrade leaders even defrauded money from villagers to finance delhi protests . almost all the protesters in delhi are leftist supporters & cadres . farmers may have joined the protests but they were deceptively enlisted for the protests by appealing to sikh pride ..
shame on ndtv ... why didnt you do show on farmer suicide
1 . the three farm bills are already in place and working fine as of now and they are part of congress , bjp , ncf parties 2019 election manifesto . ex farmer minister of ncp and present congress chief minister of punjab also supported the same reforms in the past . now all oppositon parties change their stand and making farmers scape goat . 2 . post dialogue with farmers and govt , on december 9th clarified with 10 point amendment that all the doubts farmers posed and will be tabled in next session of parliament . but protesting farmers unions change stand after dec 9th and want full repeal . 3 . in 2019 farmers can't sell their produced rice / wheat / vegetables etc out side of the district or county and cant sell to any one outside of the apmc market yards / mandis and farmer has to pay 8.5 percent fees ( 3 % to market yard improvement , 3 % to district development , 2.5 % to licensed commision agents ) . in some markets they collect both from seller and buyer each 8.5 % . these new 2020 farm laws allows farmers to sell to any where in india to any one . no restriction . it is upto local government to charge needed cess or fees . 4 . in 2019 only 10 % of total agriculture produce ( mainly wheat and rice ) was bought by government agency fci ( food corporation of india as a stockpile for emergeny security ) . 85 % was purchased by private buyers . in 2019 only 15 % of produce of total agriculture was purchased at minimum support price ( msp ) and rest was purchased at lower price . till 2010 the minimum support price was lower than the international price of the goods . after 2010 the minimum support price was increased higher than international price and no exporter is buying at msp except govt agency and all godowns of fci agency are full with 4.5 trillion tonnes of wheat and rice . 5 . who is at loss due to this farm bills of 2020 are a . punjab state governments who charge 3 % cess for district developement will loose around 15000 millions ( 1500 crores ) indian rupees per year income . b . the punjab licensed commision agents ( who are mainly punjabi sikh jat caste landlords ) who get 2.5 % charge per transaction thro markets will loose 1000 crores ( 10000 million ) rupees per year only in punjab state . c . other than punjab and haryana no other state charge district fees and market cess and they charge only commision agent fees . some states there are no markets / mandis like in kerala ( since 1980 ) and bihar ( since 2008 ) . 6 . the funding for protest is happening by charging 500 rupees per farmer . 80 % farmers own only less than 2 hectres / 5 acre land . 7 . the foreign punjab seperatist / secissionist group sikh for justice announced 1 millon dollars as donation and indian banks stoped the distribution asking account holder to show fcra ( foreign control regulatory ) registrants for permission 8 . all want farm reforms . punjab and haryana farmers unions want to repeal and rest of indian country farmers are happy that they can sell anywhere . i think if central / union govt gives that 1500 crores to punjab govt per year and 1000 crore to punjab commision agents it will stop .
why should supreme court take up all cases involving executive actions ? better confine to constitutional issues .
modi stupid pm of india
the partition of india & punjab was not accepted by the panjabi community mainly sikh as large parts of punjab given to pakistan moreover most of sikh holy site were found in the pakistani side of punjab .. infact founder of sikh , sri gurunak saheb was born in pakistani side of panjab in 1966 sardar were on the street against cm bhargawa for seprate nation or atleast separate punjabi state with exclusively for sikh people . not only that they said we only want sikh cm in punjab otherwise we will riot .. again this is exactly what started to happened all the non sikh either kicked out or killed or converted into sikh and since then the cm of punjab were only a sikh ... as per khalistani movement , state of haryana and himachal pradesh will be merge with punjab and country will be called khalistan and amtrisar capital
supreme court is working under bjp government
these farmers have every right to protest theyve been commiting suicide due to laws that dont protect them
___ on what basis has supreme court stayed new farm laws ? ___what is wrong with new farm laws ? ___ when will supreme court order farmers to vacate blocked roads ? there are plenty of committe reports recommending new farm laws . its been happening from past 20 to 25 years . __ what was the need for this new committe ? all farmers groups have said , they reject supreme court intervention . __ what is the use of judgement , when it will be rejected ? the greatest tragedy is , courts are always correct / great / unquestionable / ultimate . __ why don't any one question courts ? it's all same clerical work running round and round repeatedly indefinitely . exactly like court procedures / adjournments . it says , it does not want blood . supreme court is heavely influenced by mobsters , rioters , criminals . it's not a fearless independent order .
i am from india.rss is a terrorist organisation " spread brain terror "
chief justice sharad arvind bobde is a bjp man he is playing a game so that the farmers will go back home
sc judgement is doubtful , indirectly it may be favoiring centre , farmers are protesting from many days and they are not joing back , to dilute and send them back sc might temporarily duspended . once farmers go back , again same will repeat . farmers should not go back until repeal of all laws .
this is about farmers so why you guys pointing it as only sikhs .
indian media is sold international media pls support farmer
cancel all three black laws
now indian court not original only wark governments
such a misdirecting headline ! !
the court is with corporates
what farmers representation said .. ? they won't participate in the committee meeting .. they won't respond to supreme court ? ? are they farmers or mobster ? also why only punjab has problems ?
modi ji is the best pm in the world , we support new farmer law
it has been halted , not suspended . please stop with your anti india propoganda
does al jehadi know what is new farmer law .
the only principle indian judiciary use is called " post retirement benefits from government "
fake news . don't you have lawyer who can read court orders . farm laws are not suspended . it's implementation is stayed till further order . they have formed a committee who will negotiate between govt . and farmers and submitte report within two months regarding the law then only court will decide on whether to give go ahead on implementation or not .
wrong decision by supreme court ...
cancel black farm laws completely and implement swaminathan commission report
modi is a shameless pm of india .
india supreme court is administrate by under bjp government
i don't understand is it legal to suspend any act by supreme court ? just for information
bjp has cursed whole of india . shame on modi nearly 60 farmers lost their life for ego of bjp goverment . people need to wake up b4 it's to late .
well done supreme court of india , we the poor people of india who depends on farming really needs to bring down this controversial farm laws
what about the citizenship act ?
modi govt lost against the farmers ache din aa gaye
good decisions of sc
supreme court and indian government played game to set back farmer protest
is it a shameful fake republican country from centuries and now it can be seen
so nice
china when democracy ... will be like india
terrorist state of india
become like china my eight points : 1 . one child policy 2 . clean the rivers 3 . thorium reactors 4 . gene drives 5 . hsr / sbuways 6 . control religion with registration and text editing 7 . social credit system 8 . only keep the top three languages .
you are barkingmore ( bjp ) for your amount
india today is bjp channel
india today ... totally pro-bjp ... can't understand difference between india today and republic tv .. this media getting rotten
next , brahmins and thakurs will be on the roads .
sc will invoke civil war . if it interferes
pl invite pro unions in next meeting on 15th jan .
yes what happened to some of them who went on hunger protest ? ? are they still on it or quietly pushing in chappati into their throats ? ? if they are , the authorities should monitor their health conditions .
indian kisan union should come in front of the media .
it's wto issue
agrararian economy weighed valued below industrialized economies why ?
she is baseless
first one thing formers lone waivers
how many agricultur products how msp how purchase land corported
boycott bjp party
boycott bjp party boycott pm modi government boycott bjp party boycott pm modi government boycott bjp party boycott pm modi government boycott bjp party boycott pm modi government boycott bjp party
boycott bjp party boycott pm modi government boycott bjp party boycott pm modi government
boycott bjp party boycott pm modi government boycott bjp party boycott pm modi government boycott bjp party boycott pm modi government boycott bjp party boycott pm modi
boycott bjp party boycott pm modi government boycott bjp party boycott pm modi government
wow she mastered how to troll for 3 minutes
why onions prices are increasing ? and : i dont know coz i am not eating onions . why car maker has lower car sales ? and : coz more people are using uber .
even though bjp hire a mr president to sign the bill without reading it godi media
haha she need to learn financial accounting from class 11th
better modi must back again to sell tea at railway stations and this lady to concentrate on making tasty pickles .
ok so she will drag fakery this weekend through rajdeep . occupy tv channels ( 90 % owned by ambani and sons ) before parliament .
the interviewer seems to be a kindergarten student ! when the teacher narrates the fairy tales he attentively and silently listening to ...
she will say that farm bills are act of god
they are one who forced modi to introduce these bills to gain advantage in indias market . india today should bring facts rather than doing this dump reporting
biden is a third rated bastard .. his opinion is not needed . what farmers wish we indians support only that . all bastards in usa and nobody knows who is father to whom .
biden administration does not support this get your facts straight and stop tweaking news
food price will become like us food price . barely 2 % farmers exists in us today , rest are all owned by corporates .
us never backed the farm laws . i understand that your english is not that good . so , i would request you to read their statement again with a dictionary this time or maybe you can hire someone who can translate it for you . actually in digital india , google translate is also a good option . hope it helps !
bjp's own paid channel india today groups
who cares what us thinks about india an outsider cannot decide our faith . it's like your mother is being slapped by your neighbors and you cannot do anything about it .
let india handle it with fair governance so that the farmers can reap better benefits and deserving economic gains compared to the poor deals and happenings currently . who is us to advise india on what to do when they have proven beyond any doubt recently that they cant even put their house in order on matters that are handled more efficiently , effectively and peacefully in india .
the u . s didn't back the black farm law . who are you fooling here ? not us . maybe andbhakts and your employer . let's see how many bhakts got triggered .
he never said such thing watch dhruvs latest video
well , the fact is that usa has similar laws there , so how can they oppose it . they began with big farms and have much new history as compared to india where farms get divided with every generation since long . farming is not a main occupation in usa while in india it is . usa has always been advocate of corporatism . usa and many other countries are seeking their own benefits in these farm laws as it would effect international trade . usa would get opportunities to invest in indian farms which is again benefit for them at the stake of small and already poor farmers . so usa would support farm laws for their own benefits . again , usa have big farmers owning large lands while india has many small farmers , over that , usa has way less population and unemployment as compared to india so if someone cant do farming there , they can either survive on welfare benefits or have another job . but for the farmers of our country , where would they go without farming ... we already have a huge rate of unemployment . dont forget , exploitation by corporates would be widespread .
no they haven't fake news . us supports protest . modi has acted as a totalitarian and should be removed and jailed .
biden should also have mentioned that us doles 40 billion dollars to agro giants as subsidy for food security for americans and agro giants ... and that is exactly the indian corporates want ...
fake news ... us supports farmers fundamental rights to protest
in the meanwhile , agricultural scientists , agricultural economists , the imf , the us govt , back farmers ' laws as important reformation , we have farmer mia who has already grown her conscience in field , to be farmer rihanna , antarctic farmer greta , and finger farmer swara , opposing the law .
india tv stop twisting the facts and making it appear that biden administration is backing the farm laws . biden administration only encourages a dialogue between farmers and the government to resolve this issue .
lol like i dont know how to read us note .
misreporting by all mainstream media
vultures coming to get thier part
this is fake news
joe biden's remark is very welcomed . after all he is democrat and understands very well what is democracy .
this is fake news .
who is giving these shits to you now world is supporting farmers i m sad to say that what is indian amry doing having priceless tag
we need to stick to the facts . the statement from the us clearly stated " in general " . they did not clearly indicate if they supported or were against the farm laws .
fake news
such an illiterate news channel . for god's sake read the entire article it's in english you fool lady . they said " in general , they support private sector investment for consideration .. " . they support democracy more . india today , integrity sold !
yeh news fake hai . he did not support farm laws if you read the whole dialog , which is this " we recognize that peaceful protests are a hallmark of any thriving democracy , and note that the indian supreme court has stated the same . we encourage that any differences between the parties be resolved through dialogue . in general , the united states welcomes steps that would improve the efficiency of india's markets and attract greater private sector investment "
ok .. so now the intervention of outside forces is allowed ? when they say its bad , then its " propaganda " & compromises our sovereignty . but when they say its beneficial , then its the truth .
thanks biden , you people understand the farm laws and it importance , but few corrupt political leader are opposing it for their political gains .
when you are in a swimming pool and your underwear falls off and floats away .. that is the situation the fake farmers and indian liberals including congress party and communists ( cpim ) are in right now ... they are sitting there and crying for someone to bring them their lost underwear . of course they will not get out of the pool anytime soon , because they will expose themselves .
us also backs restoration of interest you godi media
bad news for one ex-indiatoday journo
the idea is simple , even if you are bringing the most important revolution that changes india , if people dont want it , we dont want it
what is the problem with farm laws . i dont understand . is all this protest just political ?
this is fake news there is no source of this . i researched there is nothing like that its only fake new spread by bhakts
joe biden is a sanghi .. trending comment u fools look at the situation of farmers in us who entirely depends on govt subsidies .. of course they support laws which are already implemented in their country
i know not only ambani adani their master rothschild and rockfeller also involved in this farm laws
libranduo ko samjao ko wto mein deal fail hone ka ek reason msp tha , us aur europe chahte the ki unke food export bade aur indian government artificially msp dhwara price badha rahi hain . woh toh balki khush honge
yeah they want to get a slice of the market and dont care about the farmers
biden bhai you betrayed the librandoo's of our nation now they need azaaadi from you a well trained team from jnu with a dapli is on the way to us
then why this reforms failed in america ? you pay $ 60000 usa dollars to ever farmer depend on the land every year to cover up the loss as subsidy ... would modi pay off any big subsidy ? he knows how to take out instead giving them ...
camcha and libarandus now biden is a bjp and rss agent
anti-india leftists & their nexus : papa aisha mat karo .
le liberandu : biden is a sanghi . he was modis long lost brother from kumbh mela ..
when twitter baned trump and want to impeach him.where is findsmentsl right
these farmers are protesting against 3 controversial laws that were hushed through parliament in the pandemic , without consultation of the farmers . the laws are taking away the livelihood and legal rights of the farmers in the name of ' reforms ' by giving the pm's fellow gujrati corporate giants , authority to control agriculture . the present pm has already sold various public assets to these corporates . this will push the prices up of crop in the future which will be beyond the reach of the ordinary indian . these farmers are feeding millions free of charge through gurdwaras , langars when disasters occur worldwide , or at protests as we see it on youtube . a lot of protestors and freelance journalists are going missing . the police have arrested many by fabricating charges . it is being falsely reported that these protestors are terrorists . these farmers have sons in the army and police , guarding the dangerous indian borders , so these rich people can sleep at night . the present pm is gujrati . gujratis tradionally do not have soldiers that sacrifice their lives for india . farmers are intelligent , honest , hardworking , truthful people that trusted and voted for the bjp government , but now realise that they have given platform to an elected dictator . bjp , since it's election have implemented anti muslim laws , caused divisions on the ground of religion and is now portraying the sikhs as an anti national element . this has outraged the sikhs worldwide who have fought for the independence of india from mugals and british . the actions of the pm are fiercely contested by the public to the extent that the government have used tear gas , batons , barbed wired and concrete barriers to silence the protest . there are more barricades at the protests than at the borders of china . this has got attention worldwide so now the government is trying to defend its actions . it is not rocket science to understand that when controversial laws are forced on the public , it will cause outrage .
now pappu ke pille will say biden is also a bhakt
joe biden is planted by rss jai shree ram
librandus starts protesting against joe biden
why cant the us come to india and negotiate with the farmers . they should know the anarchy of 26th jan and talk . to negotiate with the middlemen is very difficult as they are very adament for the fear of loosing their income . they should mind their own business instead of poking their nose in other countrie " s affairs . they have no business to comment on india . us is a bunch of hard core selfish politicians
we support farmers and stand with farmers.down down new farm laws .
lies as usual from this channel
he is from rss
only terrorist are opposing the farm laws in india .
american president is also bakht pure world mai bakht ho rhe hai ..
indian farmers are facing so many problems during their protest shame on bjp , delhi police , godi media and many bollywood stars
usa government is sanghi , modi ( ambani nd adani ) has bought biden
but congressi obey only pornmaker or pakistani statement .
not literally enjoyed this vedio instead us should look at it's own farmers who are enjoying large subsidies also us farmers owns large farms
india is the biggest market for us . of course they will want to improve the ease of business . question is if this is in interest of indian farmers or not .
how much pain they will give to chamche
nris especially the sikh nri made this folly . did they actually think that all world will come down on india because our parliament passes a domestic law ? frankly we indians cant tolerate foreign interference in our matters be it foreign personlities or their govt . now us administration themselves supported the law . and thanks to the reckless attitude of redfort riot team govt wont give a single concession and indian citizens wont support their protest
outsiders should not interfere in domestic issues .
yes this farm laws help us to loot indian farmers . so they'll support modi .
farmers are protesting against corporates ... u . s has the most corporates ... then what do you expect ?
nobody has right to talk about india's internal matter .
why are you so happy idiots , a capitalist country would be naturally happy for a law that benefits corporates
why did they suspend president trump twitter and facebook accounts ? start practicing before you preach others .
the rich punjabi farmers have to become richer and send their kids to kanada at the expense of other farmers . let other farmers suicide :'(
not farmers , only farmers from punjab are protesting ... trains are shut down due to covid ... middlemen and mandis are removed to eradicate overlap of prices ... msp is intact ... so what's the problem ... laws are getting unified for farmers across the country ... punjabi farmers are one if the wealthiest in the country and these laws since getti g unified and streamlined will remove access from manipulating prices . these farmers want all cases against crop burning to retrieved , however crop burning is the major source or one of the source of pollution in delhi . this is hypocrisy at the highest level , now you understand why are we still called as third world country . we have laws , rules , government but everyone wants what fits their pocket .. the punjabi protestors are going to bring a wave of covid and maje things worse for the healthcare system of the country . but do they care , no , all they care about is hooliganism . such a sad state for the country .
because thry are not farmers
don't brand it as farmers .. say farmers of punjab haryana
correction : punjabi farmers are opposing this law .
i'm farmer from andhra , i have mango garder & also we cultivate rice , cane , peanuts based on seasonal . before bill we sell mangos to local mandis or local factories owned by stats politicians they all syndicate they fixprice also not give money immediately after this bill i can sell my product to other state mandi people's where i get profit . i strongly support this bill
im stilll confused why farmers are protesting for middlemen ?
it's crazy how the richest farmers in india , are having the most issues keep grinding , laws will remain in place !
repeal the farm laws in punjab only , and let's see them difference after remaining states will get benefit or not after a year
farm bills are totally against farmers and poor farmers are not educated they can't understand the real problem that why other states are not coming forward but all are supporting panjabies . .. farmers are tagged as anti nationals .. canadian president can understand farmers problems but modi can't .
these laws actually benefit the small farmers because they need not pay mandi tax and commission and it will also benefit the consumers as they can buy it at low price . farmers need to diversify the crops because fci has too much surplus of wheat , rice and sugar which pretty much rotting in the godown and contract farming might allow this but govt needs to set up a board to overlook the contracts to avoid one sided contract from corporates , which has big legal team . mandi's won't go away because of liberalisation of agriculture sector since govt has to buy produce at msp from farmers for ration shops , so people need not to worry .
farmers have fears but govt failed to address those fears ... it has become practice in india to hate corporates but remember those are the one who pay taxes and provide employment opportunities
real farmers from all over india must stage a demonstration in favor of the pro-farmer farm bill .
farmers are right . such farm law has been already failed in usa
see . it's all believe believe believe . even i will support anybody if they say " in this bill in this page no . this point is not good " . but that was not the case . i will like to support the new farm bill . being critical is okay but cannot be always negative about everything .
i saw toi ( times of india ) article which says the new farm bill is 2nd green revolution . i think the farm bill is good compared to previous ones . but our government is still not good in conversing with the opposition's target points before any protest . we saw this even in anti caa although caa was essential .
they are not farmers they are the middle man .
i think you didn't properly give details of 1 first law . farmer have options either to sell products in apmcs or outside the apmcs . if farmers don't like to sell outside than they can sell in apmcs . if they want they can sell outside apmcs too . and farmers also got freedom to sell outside the state . 3rd law i didn't like government should not have given permission to stock products .
punjab farmers stance and vision is flawed
instead of why not supporting crux should make a video why these laws are necessary for growth of agriculture sector development
i just want to tell other people who are saying that farmers are brainwashed , there are thousands of farmers who are protesring , it cant be possible to brainwash thousands of people . so stop commenting under video while sitting on comfortable couch . if farmers dont want these bills then why govt . want to apply it . ?
these farmer leaders not yet read the bills thoroughly , thats why they are protesting , apmc and msp system will be same as before , bill has given the option to sell outside of the apmc and get involve in contractual farming . govt will regulate the prices if it crosses limits . some of the political parties are taking advantage of this protest .
i agreed bjps two farm bill which are 1 . framer can sell their products directly to buyer with their own price fix , this make better income to formers 2 . farmers can make contract with pvt / corporate sectors to sell their products , this make big scale formers get financial / technical / agricultural support from pvt / corporate . but i disagree 3 . relaxation in essential commodities act should be reconsidered since it may cause to price hike by stockiest which will impact to common peoples .
wtf ? what is the logic here ? these farmers due to middlemen used to get low prices for their crops . now they oppose eradication of middlemen .
something is fishy with punjab farmers , they got brainwashed . if farmers use this laws properly they will be extremely helpful .
looks like protest are all on assumed extrapolations and not on ground realities of the three bills . similar thing was seen in caa protests .
can someone explain what is the actual issue of the farmer ? ( no political comments , want to understand the real issue of farmers ) ..
yeh to apna political ullu sidha kar rahe he.future ka dar he jabki inhone law me clear kaha ki msp ni hati he.bc mc future to wase bhi global warming se andhkar me he .
because they're uneducated ...
there are other things behind the mask . edit : " not sikhs "
better question is - why farmers from punjab are protesting ? when punjab government has rejected farm laws .
this protest is completely baseless rather is based on very futile arguments .. the opposition and certain people are just creating propaganda on these progressive laws to potray modi govt in bad light . oppose a few things we can understand .. but opposing everything we can't understand .. please explain to these farmers and my humble request to all people is don't fall for this propaganda and please support these progressive laws .. jai jawan jai kisan
khaiistanis in canada and uk have been pushing this agenda for years
the laws is in favour of farmers . who is behind the scene ?
why farmers are opposing ? ? ans - becoz they are being fooled by different political parties that these laws are against them
modi says new laws are as pure as ganga river lol . other promises from modi gov were as follows : 15lakhs per account he said he will make petrol price eqaul to diesel , now both are avg 80 . i think i don't want say anything about the economy anyway . now he say in words that msp is promised , enough of his fake promises . there is no msp in direct contracts , no gov intervention in direct contracts . poor farmers who don't even know how to read or write , they won't understand the complications in every contract . when direct contracts gets approval , no buyers will go to mandis , thus end of mandis and apmc above all they have ammended the essential commodities act and don't explain why . there are no limitations in stocking essential commodities anymore , so next time if onion prices rise to 500 , you'll have to buy it for 500 , cause whoever controls the supply , can hoard it and decide at what price these essential commodities have to be sold .
don't piss off the one who handles your food
the central and bjp government in punjab has failed in guiding the brainwashed farmers .
since 2014 everytime , congress initiates a political confusion among people and pit civilians against union govt for reasons that are minimal there is this whole opposition lot coming forward and making normal life of others distressing .
channel like ndtv and such are fuelling a lot to the protests
u call them farmer no i don't i call them khalistanis & one more then if u have the guts then plz atleast try once yo kill modi then we will show u who the hell we indians are ...
they want to become kalistan
not protestors just bunch of brainwashed people .
do people really think this farms law is good or bad if that law is so unkind protest must be really big as 3 in 10 people in india is farmer
these same narratives were given during liberalisation of 1991 and fdi act in 2010 . people were up in arms saying corporates will engulf small local traders . we can all see the results of those decisions
the old system is as it is , there can be protests if the old system is not working for them .
i support farmers . and that's why i support these laws .
only panjabis ? some big forces are behind this , govt should investigate and put them in jail
#oceanoffacts nice ..
there are 29 states in our republic , , , all has farmers ! ! cut the bullshit
thanks for this video crux ! ! really appreciate it !
punjab farmers subsidies from central government are higher than india's average farmers annual income . now we can see that how much disproportionate in terms of annual earning income between punjab farmers and rest part of the country's farmers . and i firmly believe these bills are gonna burgeoning the income of all farmers irrespective of their geographical belonging .
summary : coz they illiterates and don't understand how the economy works .
mr nalin kohli has no emotional feeling or respect for any farmer . these bjp leaders think they own this world and take any decisions . we sure can smell dictatorship .
bjp wants to bring corporate and take over punjab but very discretly .
punjab pm are congress are making rich and richer and not thhinking og their farmer
what is bjp upto
why cant india issue medical health card with prepaid rs 5000 atleast free of cost , to all indian citizens staying in india
thank you very much for your valuable explaining
prali jlane pyee 1cr ka jurmana contract farming mai wapari kissan ki fasal pyee credit lyee sakta hai or bhi clos hai pehlyee khud jaankari hasil kro fr vidio bnao
thanks sir
tum to bjp ke ananndh bhagat ho or bjp ke chamche bhi ho tum to bjp ki bhasa bol rahe ho
you do not what you are talking . you said if the price outside mandi is less than mandi will finish . totally absurd . do not spread lies and rumours .
agr monopoly create hua to private company to kuch v rate fix kr skte h kya y aam log k liye she h ? or agr private company suru m strategy bnake loss seh kr km krne lge tb to hme kuch din k liye bhut psnd ayga but in future kya ?
! ! ! ! ! ! * * * ? * * ? * * ? * * ? * * ? * * ? * * ? * : * ? * * ? * , * ? * ... * ? * * ? * * ? * , * ? * * * * * * * * * * _ ? ? ? _ : * . ! * _ , , - ! _ ( 1 ) 130 - ! ( 2 ) cbi , ed , it , nia sc , ec , cag , ! ( 3 ) , 22 , ! ( 4 ) , ! ( 5 ) ! ( 6 ) . ! ( 7 ) , ! (8 ) ! ( 9 ) ( 10 ) ( 11 ) _ , , , , - - - .. ! ! _ ...
jesi aap se umid thi wesi smja nhi paaye brother
, , , thank you
very nice brother salute to this
you have very good information about the krishi bill
very easily explained u sir thanks
yes right
bill se pahle b only 6 % kisan hi market me bechte the . baki sab bahr bechte the . gehu rice ye essential hai , chai wale ko ye samjha nhi jo iso ko bahr kiya
thanks for wide explanation . as far i think these farmers reforms bills will not effect badly on farmers . . so these protests are being carried out by some middle men like commission agents and hijacked by politics and antisocial elements . . nothing else . . if someone feels some gray areas of the bills it can be resolved by peaceful process by central government and farmers . . i agree with your concerns about 3rd law about special commodity it can be further define by taking stringent steps like enactment of law stronger more . .
, , ? ! , essential commodities act ,
friend this is matter speek openly not side the matter
stunning sir ... fab explanation
very nice explain
what's about msp ?
avnish bais 28/09 / 2020
28 september is correct answer
b . k . nayak has given 27th september 2020 in the book , now in this situation , who would we consider to be correct .
sir part two bhi bataye plz
28th september
kuch kuch questions bahut basic hote hai unko na kraye
i thank you from the core of my heart
15th ka ans ) sep . 28 2020
28th september
in that bil one is there contract farming due to that our land will go to ambani hand
70 % right hai
maine kisan bill bht youtube channel pr dekha pr sbse ache se samjh mje ab aya .
in support farmer
jhoota
shir nee he
excellent it cell has done good job
bill bhut hi acha ha
est india company hojaiga firche
i am a fermar narendra modi is the diegester prime minister
ssla toke dekhe chashi mone hoyna
please see the entry of 33 of concurrent list ... which is master to other state lists matter in the case of production trade commerce , etc
news porte jane motha mota meye ... you have to watch ajtak .
thanks ...
tmc neta der khub loss hoye jabe to ei bill pass hole
above 60 % farmer er nijer naam e land er dolil ba porcha nai.sob baba thakurdar naam e ache.tader ki hobe ? papars chara to r kotha hobe na .
singur ar lokjon bujhe giyeche . ... nano ... car ... r kichu blte hbe ki ... jvbe nano k tariye unemployment bariyeche seta singur basi kno wb puro bujhte prche
farmer emnite i bahudin banchito . dalal ra thakiye jachhe
bill a onek khamti ache .
we completely protest this bill against central law
tar mane abar ambani adani chas korte mathe nambe r amra hobe vag chasi.suyor voktogulor kopale jeno dukho gulo age ase
put your valuable comment up here * share * * this * * video *
i need this bill
govt . bills , policy and ' sarkari yojna ' mane prokolpo guli niye video upload korle valo hoy . i hope , i shall get to see the expected videos bro . thanks .
bhai you need to improve your communication skills to become a success youtuber .
thanks
your words are not convincing to sound .. cant make understand things properly ... say too much for small thing to understand
report writing er video ta send koro plz
nice but not good
too much fumbling ...
reports chi
informative video #commerce_bangla
report writing required
english class ar hoyche na keno
chor hai sale dalle bj6 wale
biased explanation far from facts
very nice explanations
<url> is link par bill hain
if msp is so good for our kissan then why do they commit suicide ? msp was there all along . kissan are being misinformed by left and all opponent parties
kishan bielme kay burai hea sale gaddar cogrrs deshaddhi party cogrrs muradabad
bjp should do these things before passing any bill taki jab koi bill pass ho tho jhut failane walon ki chale hi na
our great pm is looking after the farmers for their welfare ... but would request the pm to look after the senior citizens too .. since long they r requesting the hm n pm to increase the epfo pension for the senior citizens too so that they could also spend the rest of their life peacfully ... pls forward this request ..
only commission agents n non . kisaan pareshaan hain .
* * , ? ..   ..   ..   .. ? ' ' .. , ppe , , ? , - - - * . ( 29/09 / 2020 ) * * please support my channel for spreading my views . *
* news digest to start the day ( 29 sep 2020 , tuesday ) 5 minutes read - updated at 0650hrs ist * * world : 33,542 , 559cases , recovery 24,871 , 789 ( 74 % ); active 7,664 , 680 ( 23 % ); 1,006 , 090death ( 3.00 % ) * _india : 6,143 , 019 cases , recovery 5,098 , 573 (8 3 % ); active 948,095 ( 15 % ); 96,351 deaths ( 1.57 % ) _ ipl : royal challengers bengaluru keep calm as kishan-pollard storm , win super over vs mumbai indians * _astrosat , india's first multi-wavelength astronomical observatory completes 5 years of mapping stars , galaxies in space _ * _rescuers dig through ahmedabad's trash dump for 12 - yr-old " rag picker " buried for the past 2 days _ * protest against farm laws : opposition steps up nationwide protest , kerala mp to knock on apex court * covid : bjp leader uma bharti admitted to aiims in rishikesh ; odisha deputy speaker , 11 mla test + ve _global covid - 19 data analysis indicates every 250th person on the planet been infected by the virus _ * 400 staffers of puri's jagannath temple have tested + ve for covid - 19 ; 9 succumbed to virus ; 16 treated * top us health experts : new adviser scott atlas giving trump misleading / incorrect info on coronavirus _covid - 19 : 10,000 fine for those do not self-isolate or breach quarantine regime comes into force in uk_ * pusa decomposer : 4 capsules , rs 20 ; help ready land for sowing of the next crop w / o stubble burning * defence ministry clears purchase of 72,000 assault rifles from us ; approves arms purchase of 2,290 cr _def min scraps offset clause in ( inter-govt / single vendor ) rafale-like deals in aftermath of cag report _ * india , denmark elevate ties to green strategic partnership , pm modi calls for resilient supply chains * eye on china , india goes for heron tech upgrade , missile-firing weaponised mq - 9b sky guardian drone _top lashkar commander , involved in major attacks + 1 terrorist , gunned down in kashmirs samboora _ * make realistic budget estimates , ministries told over unused funds issue ; 4.72 lakh cr unspent in 2019 * tata could soon take on bezos & ambani in epic e-com fight ; bringing in financial or strategic investors _microsoft ups the ante in 5g war , unveils new cloud platform for telecom operators ; to use ai for ops _ * nhai withdraws tot - 4 as it tests recent policy changes for monetising road assets ; no reserve price * telcos : spectrum available in 3300-3600 mid-band for 5g grossly inadequate ; want 80mhz per telco _railways may charge rs 10 - rs 35 user fees ( ac higher prices ) in fares for using redeveloped stations _ * death count rises in armenia , azerbaijan clashes despite calls for calm ; total military losses to 84 * no more ladies and gentlemen : japan airlines embraces gender neutral greetings ; would study more _china holds simultaneous military drills in 4 seas , again ; 2nd time in 2 months amid regional tensions _ * researchers have confirmed the presence of one large saltwater lake , which was discovered two years ago , and also found three more lakes hidden under the surface of mars * spains top court rules to remove catalan chief from office over banner that called for the release of imprisoned separatist leaders , was displayed on a public building ahead of 2019 general election _uk to create 4 - month stockpiles of protective equipment for health , social care workers _ * us : new fires erupted in famed napa-sonoma wine region , in far northern californias shasta county * world athletics paves way for inclusion of ' innovative ' formats at olympics , world championships todays word - * zinciferous * - bearing zinc's this message was automatically generated by gmail logo download on android and ios app store google play store install
true is strictly prohibited for anyone who wants to do it
modi ji you are so great sabse best ho aap
please please
all rights very nice video
rss congress badal bjp derewale policewale judge sab harami ha
... please suscribe my channel <url>
kissans bacho bjp bhajo desh bacho , dictatorship nahi chaley gi bills vapis ho key rehey gey . hariyanna ate punjab mil ke chalo
oppose all bills , bjp making india weak .
s.bhagat singh ji please come back india needs u ... please plz god send him back listen our prayers
dadeba good spich brother
you are doing well for people awareness ...
boycott modi and bjp
twitter par sabko hashtag chalana chahiye farmers ke liye
mind begs the question : if hitlers methods reused by a pm / govt pass evil laws sinisterly build concentration camps nazism reborn , no ?
thank you so much sir , ,
superbly explained
information ? ( ) apmc msp msp ? , hoarding information
you are ignoring the main reason of protest , this is msp , and permission of unlimited storage , which will promote the black market
i am with indian farmers
i agree
you are right sepking
we're with farmer
poonam pandit is a rental girl of rakesh thagait.tumhara rent only 500 / rs.hai.you are crying for rent.nothing more .
bhut ache poonm ji
poonam gi always good speech , and all indian like him in real ,
satish chaudhary advocate up meerut ph no 9837106645 poonam pandth ph no
poonam pandit i proud of you
right
where is mask ? ? ? mask ? ? ? shame on this mentality . may god bless her
hy freind bhupendre chouhan mp . . very good
sir gsssb head clerk exam language will be in gujrati or english language will also available
great video sir 22 sacha
thanks sir
very very very nice sir ..
mam aap ne contents aacha se samjya issue to bhut bda tha but short information me samjya aap ne iske liye thanks
yo hai masla ... good informative video
congress main lagta hai iss se sab darte hain
what is the full form of i n c . ? before independence _ indian national congress . after independence _ indira national congress . now _ italian national congress .
it is good step of farmers
yes they deserve it
excellent . this is what should be done wherever political parties have not kept the promise
bahot khub . aisa hee hona chahiye . in congress walo pe itne case daal deni chahiye ki aage se jhuth bolne ke pahle sou baar soche .
congress zero seats next election
pull them in to jai let them face cnciquence of india law jai hind
right decision . pohele aicha nehi kia ( kisan / other ) . issiliye mitha batuse publicko bhorkakor aaroha hai . i support m . p . kisan .
congress party chor hai
dhokhebaaj pappu wa kutta kamal nath ko tihad jail turant bhej dena chahiye ye mullu ki party h vote paane ke baad ayaash karte h wa desh ka dhan lootane ka naya naya tarika dhudte rahte h . ab ye kutta pappu ek chaprasi ke aukaat bhi nahi rakhata h chala mungeri lal hasin sapne paalkar ki p m banunga madharchod saala pappu mulla .
congress is a curse on india . friends have a look on congress history ... in 1885 british officer mr . h . o . houm collector of itava , north province ( u . p . ) established congress party to stop next 1857 freedom movement by political leadership in india . in 1946-47 congress party accepted partition of india with desparate to rule over india at any cost . in 1948 kashmir war , congress party stop wining indian army over looser pakistan army and lost half kashmir . in 1962 india china war , congress party lost half laddakh due to demilitarization of indian army . in 1972 winner india in indo-pak war 1971 , congress party signed on shimla agreement and can not free p . o . k . from looser pakistan army and free pow 93,000 pakistan soldiers . friends now what more to explain to expose about traitor congress party .
you stop fake news stop your chanel you only give support godi media ok
congress is a liar .
rahul , wake up now . public is not blind and deaf . they can see the clear picture.they are not wearing coloured glasses you are giving them , any more .
what other parties deserve ? no party keeps promises done before election . all r jumla
no use nothing going to happen what happen to herald case rajive , gandhi foundation wadra land , they made big fraud case gandhi family but no action till yet better solution is bharat mukt congress
they will stop cheating voters only when these congis will be summoned by court and that news as dhokhadhari is covered by press - social media extensively .
the people who lodged the cases against the congress leaders are belong to a particular political party whose main aim to given the bad name of opposite parties . its only political strands only .
cagras mupt india chaheya
put them behind the bar
sir really wonderful thanks heartily for exposing the reality of congress jay bharat mata ki jay .
darun vabe explain korechen .. clearly bujhte parlm . thanku .
khub clear but sadharon manusher opor chap bridhi pabe r farera r o barolok hobe ..
darun hoiche krisi act r bangla te khobor kora very very good
well explained ... make more videos ...
kindly include opposite views also . every one was supporting the bill . it does not provide a holistic approach to the topic discussed . thank you !
good analysis sir
which online platform is the best for upsc cse 2021 preparation , please give your valuable feedback on experience based
thank u
rstv pr bhi ab viswash nhi rha
listening to smt alka bhargav & her opening speech depicts lack of knowledge ... rata rataya thoughts project kar rahi hai .
who is here to understand this bill after recent kisan aandolan in delhi ..
playlist main ye aad nahi ho rahe h veshesh program v ? ?
language is very hard please make in simple also
good analysis ! ! !
sorry , inspired by govt
? anyway thanks rstv
no ways for farmers .
very good discussion .
bas rumour jo hai vo opposition party na kra hai bills ke bare me , or kisan pehle hi samajhdar nahi tha or ab vo exploit ho rha hai political parties ke dwara
great reform agriculture to improve the export and improvement of also inter economic develops and processing industrial increase to better future employment in rural secter
up , , other
so they want farmers to negotiate with ambani and adani by themselves . govt is expecting that farmers with 1,2 acres of land can negotiate with ambani , adani and farmers are expected to read and understand contracts of contract farming and then our pm says he cares for farmers !
how will state govt will be able to sustain ? centre is not paying gst and now they want to remove other revenues also ? what is happening in india ? is their any democracy left ? where is our federal structure going ? agriculture is a state subject then why there are not being asked ? why govt wants to force these bills on farmers when no one is accepting it in this form ? shame on these people who know nothing about farming but giving their advices like anything .
guys msp is for only 23 items in india.please read beforehand making comments.milk has no msp still people get it cheaper price due to competition and before 1956 there were no msp in all items , at that time we were feeding whole india + british . if one needs solutions with same rules we could have secured it in 50 years if not we need changes . how can any private player come for storage if there were not allowed for storage . why one travels in red bus instead of roadways because we find its services more competitive and nice and while in karnataka we use govt buses bcz they are good . you can buy a coke of any company but a farmer cannot sell where he wants . please read the bill rather than just commenting only . there r 2 points for msp 1 ) learn indian economy first.if msp is made compulsory for private player too inflation wd haywire in india 2 ) govt cannot enforce private players to buy at msp how can govt decide what a private person to buy at a price he decides , if yes than farmers wd farm only for those crops which are having msp and other would not be sown than there would be huge supply and not equal demand.same has happened in soyabeen etc . govt shud focus on production side of farming instead of supply side try to provide irrigation facilities.reduce effects of climate change on farmers . insurance has been provided by this government but shud be implemented to larger extend there is a clause in bill that farmers and co-operate cannot make a deal on land of farmers whatever may be the circumstances.they can only make a deal on what is grown on land . people say that cooperate would take advantage of farmers ; how can they there is no demand problem in india ; if farmers don't like one deal he can opt for other . if i don't like amul milk i can buy parag i can buy chitale same is with selling . guys please read beforehand and make comments then . private players are not entering storage sector why ! ! ! please check how much wastage of food is happening due to non storage after fssai purchase . government doesn't have that much money to build 100000 storages in india with good facilities . govt purchases raw material at msp and 40 % of it go waste.this is not me telling its 2014-15 report under some agriculture commision . i dp not remember the name now . sorry for such a long comment as it needed to be . there can be some lacuna in bills but to say that its against farmers that's far from facts . let farmers get what they want and deserve
very good discussion . sir in future episodes of your show if possible please invite experts who are not directly associated with government and have a slight different viewpoints . it would help to understand concerns and negative points better and give an opportunity to other speakers to clarify the concerns . thank you .
if msp is not going away , then add a clause that anyone purchasing below msp will be penalised . if not , then that means that govt wants to close fci in some coming time and this is the start .
punjab and haryana should then get the royalties on food as other states are getting on petrol and other minerals such as gujarat and assam from ongc , etc .
though the debate is informative but overshadowed the negative impact of bills like 1 ) why govt has not added msp in any clause 2 ) future of markets as hoarding is made legal 3 ) how it will overcheck the capitalist exploitation of farmers 4 ) why not first food processing units in-country should me be made competitive and increase productivity .. please try to call an expert who is not associated with any govt . institutions and subsidiaries.any leader from farmer organization would be appreciated if called on debate thank you .
msp should be added , it may be beneficial for farmers . no traders will be able to blackmail farmers
upsc 2020 and uppcs 2020 pre exam clear karne ke important tips ke liye contact me . 7565981418
bakwas .. reality se dur charcha ..
god bless you
very informative video
onek kichu new information pelam thanks for sharing .
informative and helpful video ...
good information
very informative video
video content ta khub valo laglo thanks for sharing this video
thanks for sharing this information
onek information pelam
very informative video
thanks for sharing
very helpful
very helpful thank you
thanks for sharing this
very helpful and informative video
nice infothnx for sharing
very helpful
good info , thanx for sharing ...
very helpful information . kept it up
very informative video .
baah khub informative video
very informative video
it is really helpful vedio thanks for the update
good information
very helpful vedio
really very helpful video
very helpful video
very informative video for all
very nice & informative video
all useful information
all useful information .. this will help to understand the bill
thanks for sharing this
thanks for sharing
thanks for all information
very informative video . it will help farmers .
very helpful video thank for sharing
really very helpful content , , keep sharing more
very informative video .. thanks for sharing ..
onk information pai apnar video theke thank u
very beautiful information regarding farmers
nice informations
very informative video .. thank alot for sharing
vry informative vdo ...
very easily understand thanks a lot
informative video
good information
darun information dilen
very helpful information
very helpful information
helpful information
very helpful and informative video
good information
dada ... 1947 time pora 2020 luke amar government e farmar karone eku e nokorile , val facility nidile , hai karone farmer e suicide kore ... agor govt . teacher'or salary asile 300 atiya govt . teacher'or salary start hoi 30,000 ( approx . ) pora ... kintu farmer 1947 ji income asile daily basis'ot ... example - 50 rupees mani lou daily income farmer'or ... atiyau 50 rupees e hoi ase ... hai karone farmer e suicide kore ... jodi hosake government e farmer karone kiba koribo bisarise jodi msp ( minimum support price ) fix korok ... aaitu government'e nokore ...
make a video on the top of the acgricultural masses brother .. ,
good deliberation.elimination of middle man's meddle to squeeze the farmers.pan is the main crux of the issue which has become mandatory to be recorded in the sale bill of the purchasers . by the farmer as only true griculturist are exempted from paying income tax but not the purchaser ie pseudo farmers by dint of section 2 + 1a ) read with section 10 ( 1 ) of the income tax act 1961.so pc cidamborom is helping the agitating farmers as he is deprived of availing income tax exemption after introduction of these 3 acts .
good for your information but 3rd act is not suitable
thanks
muthote aikhon dekh privatization hobo aru common citizen billa hobo . lahe ke . thike ase aru vote diok . aibar fala bah bhorabo .
dada nice information thanks . but 3 rd act to usefull huwa nai farmer r karone
for america click below #kamal_m_online
right
knowledgeable video , keep it up
good demonstration
dada apunar mote aai 2 o ata masterstroke as like as demonetization and gst
one sided news
rule of bjp : divide and rule
desh ka number one dushman aur chutia he congress aur rahul khan .
anti farmers bill h , not chamcha bjp supporter
rahul bol yojna bill lani chahiye , balki without knowledge sirf anti-modi ya fir regret any bill from bjp ..
don't pay attention to commission congress
krisher veedheyak will become game changer for indian farmers and farm sector .
sir yeh sab poltic ho rahi hai
true information and zero politics very good sir
nice explanation
nice information
well explanation ..
its greatly
right
see this 14:33
where is gus subsidy
good luck bahut acha
please elaborate more on third law .
narration is amazing.keepit up .
gormtrong
good explanation
nice sir
nice class sir ji
hame bhaut accha laga
sir daily class lo
hlw.didi .. i have a question ? bolchi didi law ki over all english language ar opor porano hoy .. naki english language and bengali language dutoy thake .. please amak jodi reply koro to amar khub valo hoy .. please
well explained mam
good research
thanks dude ... thanks ... couldn't find it anywhere else ...
i am not understand the 3rd bill , please describe the bill deeply
very bad
thanks sir
#sai__he__hain__na___right
this is very bad for our nation and poor farmers
brother , the protest is that , when the companies will enter the markets , they will pay very high prices to the farmers and this will lead to shut down of mandi system in 4-5 years , after that , the game begins , just like jio ... farmers will have no choice but to sell their crops to these players who will exploit them and takeover them .
i suspect some big conspiracy under the name of farmers ... some frustrated ppl want to defame the govt
msp was never ever made mandatory by any previous govt ... then why farmers demanding d same now
second point of resign of food processing minister was coz internal politics of punjab ...
as corona pandemic was an emergency situation ... so first point of passing the bill as ordinances was justified here ...
let the states manage their own agriculture affairs as envisaged in constitution .
| | krishi bill protest 2020 | mobilenews 24 .
or kitne subcibe ho gye tumhare
very helpful content
<url> must join telegram channel
thank you sir nice assignment for exam
you won't get more than 20 marks if examiner is unbiased , you know why ? it's because this essay hasn't touched actual problem .
nyc channel for us sir ..
sir bracket mein hum jo likhein vo usi box mein likhe jisme usse pehle ka word likha hai ya phir new box mein likhein bracket wala word ? ? plz bataiyega
hlo sir .. can we use this essay in sbi po also ? ? ?
you must menyion about jamakhori in this scheme
ek doubt hai ssc cgl t3 ke regarding . sir me signature me apna naam likhta hun clear visible hota hai " vivek " to jab answer sheet me apna sign krunga to ufm to nahi hoga .
thankyou sir
best channel for tier 3 preparation ... thank you sir
sir m following only ur essays for my cgl mains .. bcz of simple language .. and in word limit
thanks
shame on you khattar khattar chautala bjp government murdabad ?
shame stop sedition charges
rss run bjp govt want to divide people on religious lines . their atrocities on muslims , christians and now against sikhs . inspite of the rights guaranteed in the constitution .
for the time sedition should be imposed on bjp for harassing the 70 % public of its county linked with agriculture .
salute to kissan warriors who are struggling for survival of 70 % population of their country linked with agriculture .
now days judiciary become a joke
we love our farmers
long live our farmers bjp murdabad
indian is democracy
suffering in mind body soul n spirit , come to god n he will give u rest if u believe he died 4 u n rose again on 3rd day . c bible in google . , .
shoot thes useless people
why sedation cases against everyone and everybody except for ppl from ruling party and tbeir supporters . ?
indian should perpetually thanks to britishers for such a antique piece of law , the same law that helped british india to rule india .
our country is deeply divided into more and more ruthless factions having completely opposite views . i am really afraid for our generation ! ! ! one must notice the camps of pro farmers and against farmers in several news forums . it's cut throat hate levels . i am growing anxiety related to men in ours society . my father was right that bjp would be catastrophic for our country !
meanwhile china and pakistan devoloping their country ..
bjp is the nation . talking against bjp is sedition
no farmers . illegal crowd in covid period . in the name of farmers
excellent ! ! these anti nationals must be shot down ...
criminal netaas ambition , it is not for long . are they in power till their lost breath , not at all , but farmers community will be there to feed us .
theyre terrorists disrupting peoples life for last 8 months and trying to arm-twist the govt . theyre not farmers else they would be busy farming . moreover govt has made it clear that farm laws wont be repealed .
is all indian people's , new please stop this violence and of game please
farmers are our last hope now
police and govt are absolute disastrous in haryana
wow to farmers anna data bi bjp ke liye terrorist ho gae hai .. wo anna ugata hai bjp ke khilaf kuch bola ya protest kiya to uspe sedition case terrorist case lagega ... ye h bjp ka respect farmers ko and bina puche bole 3 laws leke aa jao jo amiro ke liye faidemand hai garib farmers ko gulam banana and uske liye kuch bolo to tum terrorist sedition case wow ye bjp and bjp suporters ka asli chehra ...
modi has turned into a literal hitler . you disagree with bjp you become a deshdrohi ! !
bjp should change it's name to sdp - sedition janata party
wow man ! now we have completely understood why this bjp wants to bring sedition law first and for most these bjp goons should be arrested using sedition
the people who attacked others cars and beat them are not farmers , they are hooligans and they belong to just one place which is prison ..
before 1947 british now bjp
" farmers " lol do you seriously believe people are fools ?
now farmers are terrorists ? wah modi wah
bjp has completely failed our nation , chaos everywhere ..
it's the start of end of bjp
i didn't know bjp means country , that any attack on bjp leader signifies sedition .
indian govt against it's own people ...
welcome all to hindu rashtara
is sc sleeping or what . sc had allowed farmers protest . how can they arrest
pilgrims gathering is banned due to spread of covid . what about the protest
farmers have become deshdrohis and rss have become deshbhakts ... issse bada joke to maine nahi suna ..
sedition case against farmers ? ? incredible india . this is like we are under colonial rule . what the he'll ? time to teach this govt . a lesson .
bjp is now bigger than india . a bjp pm can say that indians were ashamed of showing an indian passport . but you can't criticize bjp
sedition for assault , even after the recent sc / cji's observation that these outdated british laws should be repealed ? !
haryana government is mocking supreme court !
they should have not attacked rather they should have used chappal to beat them .
we don't need farmers . we can grow our own food at home !
its about time our farmers started fighting back this government is not going to listen to them we have made our farmers suffer enough
jai jawan , jai kisaan ! ! ! sedition ? ? ? again ? ? ? laws , laws and more laws , still there is a permanent , systematic , systems failure . doesn't matter , aur achche din , 2024 me aayenge .
librals : farmers have right to kill ministers .
tod phod nahi karna chahiye tha . also does using force mean using violence and being disrespectful ?
bjp end is near
by doing such things farmers are not earning any goodwill from the public . common people are affected by such blockades
shame on such ips
rip bjp
his father rakesh sinha is in rss and a old farmer got killed by lathi smash on his head repeated by police
i'm from bangladesh i hate india police capital panisment high court
dismiss ias officer seen in video immediately from his post and then dismiss him from central government after thorough departmental disciplinary enquiry
is it taliban government
can farmers stop the work and how can we eat ?
as a muslim i fully support modi for 2024 .
this strike is worse for the indian economy which hit so many people
the congress is still speaking from hq , how many issues you need to wake up from slumber , the idiotic leadership in states is fighting for power the central leadership is sleeping , it seems we have part time opposition which dies not like to go on roads and streets , they do politics through social media , if after what happened in haryana today you cannot lead an agitation , protest for the resignation of haryana government , dismissal of home minister and filing cases against the dm , cm and hm of goi than forget being an alternate , in haryana you have 35 mla , a leader in hudda , surjewala , in punjab you have government with sidhu as pcc chief , on hp you are main opposition , in uttrakhand you are main opposition , in up you can command support ... but you have to get on streets , learn from gandhi , nehru how they used every opportunity to start a mass agitation ... get out from your homes , comfort zones ... organize , publicize , criticise and demand resignation and arrest ... in up cag has given you an issue bigger than fodder scam .. this is request please listen and seize your moment in history ...
cudos to dm and police for ensuring our right right roam freely they have no right to block roads 1:59 dada re , mummy re
stop calling this idiots farmers they are professional goons ..
death of democracy
police misbehaving because of bjp instructions spooling the very concept of protecting the common people who are paying their salaries instead of bjp prime minister bonds
tum news walo sbse bade dalle ho india me bjp ..
great job police force .
yeh action pahle lena chaiye tha
good action by police
taliban government v ehna to vadia shame on you haryana gov
shame ... is this how sdm speaks ? ?
they are not farmers they are paid politicians
even mahatma gandhi was beaten up by the british during his protests.battle speech before beating up the " farmers " is regrettable .
farmers are graveyard for bjp , that is why they are trying every possible way to dipress their voice . get ready to face the heat !
there should be zero tolerance for highway blockade .. there are other way to show ur displeasure .. why making life worse for common man who want to commute for business .
does law allow policemen to hit on head ?
ye to hona hi tha . bc daily road block kroge . to pele hi jaoge . waise se bhi agricultural se desh nhi chalta .. they are barely contributing 12-13 % only .. so u can not block entire 87 % percent for your stupid demand .
police should have some shame getting paid by the tax payer and still beating farmers who produce food .
protest is fine , but that doesn't mean others will affect for it .
there is no difference between a farmer , a soldier and a dog in poor india
worst than afghanistan
lol , agar yeh brutal ha toh , west bengal wala toh deadly thaa ... uskoo kyu nahi kraa cover ? ?
farmers should not be attacked
these police and politician should starve to death
fascist government we are living under ... this is brutally condemnable ..
kindly block road of modi whichever he takes and let him feel the nightmare
who give them power to block the national highway . ?
shameless govt and spineless police
excess of anything is bad for health or country like protest . so police has done tremendous job . these farmers don't think about other people who get stuck in traffic or inconvenience caused to other people . they can protest in front of bjp leaders houses that would be good idea .
* police should stand down . let the public face the farmer protesters , leaders & politicians who are protesting , disrupting traffic , creating ruckus ... violence etc.let public feel the brunt , they will then take action against these fools and support the police *
it's an embarrassment to humanity . cruel act by government against farmers .
this officer should put in to jail to use violence or who ever gave him order to use force against protesters . every one have right to protest according to the law of any country
all the police officers involved in this act of violence should be terminated with immediate effect
sdm ordering crush the heads of farmers , how is this legal ? he should be put behind bars immediately
farmers are poor soul , don't do anything wrong to them , dear police .
* why should police be caught in this trap set by the politicians police should stand down . let the farmers & politicians protesting disrupt service & clash with public . let public feel the brunt . public will be upset and take action against protestors *
we want immediate resigned from tha c . m . of harayana
they are the enemy of farmers
all farmer killed by police , who will do agriculture in future
rather than praying to animal we better pray for farmer to get good health and good crops to save nation and help us free from malnutrition
* only muslim countries & champions - turkey , pakistan .. muslim brotherhood & oic should contribute their resources if required to stabalize this country & welcome them to their country as refugees * * non muslim nations should not send in any troops and get trapped in current situation where outcome narrated will be muslim vs non-muslim . as muslims will only support muslim - - - chin been a new friend of taliban can send in troops & give unsustainable loans *
why the police against the farmers they are gods for us but bjp treating them as waste
* people have the right to free movement---no one should deliberately disrupt the livelihood and movement of people---the farmer's protest is just that . to create problems---he and his kind should be punished to the maximum so that people do not adopt such actions---can we go infront of their family homes and protest , create ruckus and disrupt their movement for long period of time ? if yes , public should do the same to these so call paid fake leaders *
bjp government are doing wrong , this is indian farmers not terrorist
bjp is antinational and it must be disbanded
at the end of the day max welfare of farmers , environment should be the goal if their land goes shoot ambani , adani's office .
they tried to malign by claiming khli support , nxl support so that no body join the righteous agitation , who ever comes forward they use same tactics , anarchy never worksout , yhey themselves give examples , now look at them .
like , veer-zaara , story for jrntr sir , in youtube , type , kondeti productions
ha bhe haryana bhe hoge , congress k toh vha bhe hoge kuch
m living in pak but ours forefathers mean my father's father mean dada abu migrated from the haryana , jmalpur and my mother's father from nigana . my mother's mother mean my nani maa migrated from rotak city .. we are almost 7 millions haryanvi living in pakistan punjab andd sindh provinces
the problem is that protesters are farmers but the protest organizers and kisan union are politically affiliated to cpim aap and congress theses urban naxals are trying to hijack protest for their own propoganda that's why you would see that anti caa protests wali dadi
modi has shown his true colors and his days are numbered . no food should be served to all bjp people for as long as they will not repeal the laws ! let's see the impact on them !
we are not protesters .
the bane of this country is not it's illiterate population . it is the educated population whose degree is not worth the piece of paper it is written on , but it pontificates on everything under the sun . and oh , their bleeding hearts , aren't they the epitome of empathy and kindness ? ! never mind that their crocodile tears , are blurring their vision . again and again , some unruly and stubborn group of people , holds the entire nation ransom to have its way and it is applauded . selfishness in this nation , is a celebrated virtue if you belong to certain spectrums of the society which can be hijacked for political causes . all this why ? because the well meaning people would rather cling to an emotional humdrum and be conveniently lazy about reading and thinking . india bleeds with a thousand cuts , one ill-intentioned rebellion at a time . # * farmbills 2020 * # * farmerprotest *
so what happened ? i get the farmers are worried about the new laws and how it will affect their life . did modi not have a dialogue with some farmers association before doing this ?
only ndtv i showing everything doesn't matter negative or positive it shows everything unlike modi success who only show things which are good for bjp
are they from pakistan ? ... unfortunately indian minister are unaware of their respect feilds problems .. why govmt want to impose bill if farmers are not willing and who is actual beneficiaries ?
138 crore , people of indians are eating daily food because of farmer day & night effort and hardship . should the pm and cm's sensible to that ? no concerns by government so far
love to all farmers from pakistan
jai kisan take back these farmers laws which only gonna benefits big corporates .
y this government to kill our farmer .. agriculture ... if it government continuosly do .. india is soonly see the more dead bodies in all over the country .. becoz agriculture is our essential ...
jatt . dalit . haryana kisan . india farmer r . same . we give vote to . bjp . they . use us . trust . is . problems . we . fight with . congress . about 50 . years . bjp . same drama . we . request . our . prime minister . media . water levels go down . please sir . we dalit farmers . if u stay in mandi . for months . and nobody care . for your . rice and wheat . think about if we grow vegetables . price like zero . we . b . farmers . send next generation to . europe or north americas . drama . dont help every time .
nobody should claim that haryana farmers hold a brain . when it comes to farm bill , congress politics is all farmers understand .
south indian is like other country to modi we did not get any benefits
congress rulled farmer and rest . lolzz . punjab haryana border , up border area , rajashthan boarder area have problem . rest 26 state farmer no peoblem . funny . all anti modi farmer party like caa nrc , medal returning gang gathered now in name of farmer . congress , aap , akali , communist , even unknown faces together . that old woman of caa also there . lolzz last time pfa was there and now khalistani . funny . stop giving any help to farmer , they dont pay any taxes . look at them , all their leader look millionnaire
bjp people top to bottom ready tell lies haryana bjp cm is also not exceptional
very soon they will say pakistan is behind this ... they distroyed us .
whear is my 15 lack
fun fact : for last 7 years under fucking modi the nation's growth falls but his beard grows well
even the east india company did not divide this much . wah !
annahazare ... one man protested media's gave most imparts now formers protest but indian media's sleeping too
indian punjab is for punjabis : haryanvis , biharis and not sikhs ... we sikhs are a separate qoum . lahore is our home . forget the 5 takht , but never forgetguru nanak's nankana and lahore in pakistan ... how many times will we have to beaten on our head to understand ? sant bhindranwale ji clearly said " sikhs are not hindus ... sikhs are a vakhri quom " lahore is our home . forget the 5 takht , but never forget guru nanak's nankana and lahore in pakistan . historically , only these two are our spiritual homes and homeland .
most trusted news channel ...
modi got big alliance with election commission , so he no need to worry
already destroyed economy . now focusing on agriculture
haryana kam h as expect toh pb
farmer is farmer irrespective from which state they come and serve with one motive to feed the country
choose a pm who have a heart
we support farmers
probably mr . khattar havent read the history well and do not know the fact that haryana was a part of punjab itself ... now that haryana is a different state doesn't mean that the farmers will divide their outlook unlike bjp government wants .. !
full support to farmers protest from yamunanagar ( united states of haryana )
such political leaders must be shown the door of exit
it's duty of public ... to help farmers ... not government public must support farmers
go back and do your farming so stop protesting
lol wait for another pulwama attack in india so they can divert your attention again . bc tum logo ka wese sahi chutia kaata hai modi .
i am very happy to see our democracy is thriving , power democracy is being shown to govt
pm wants to make his friends richest in the world ,
they are indians they are not from pakistan remember that modi ji these crappy dirty politics of yours will not work these time ..
bjp is worst party in india
people will still vote bjp because ram madir will ready by 2022 koch samjhe kittne bhi againt ko na ho bevacufe hoge log i respect your temple getting built but never lose to there ideology . this will continue in name of lie . election is in 2022
ndtv is famous for bjp ruled anti government news ... recently ndtv owners are caught in gambling of indian stock market ... where people's money have been cheated by ndtv promoters ... ndtv promoters should be hanged by indian judiciary ... they are fraud ...
wow so fake
two choice 1st support them 2nd die hungary
my ancestors are from tamil nadu . but we are in haryana from past 3 generation . i proudly describe myself as haryanavi.jay haryana ! jai hind !
great quotes ndtv ! it was great to hear from farmers .
most of them r not even farmers ... they r just stupid protestors from khangress
if you have been feed today pls support farmers
amitt shaji and peacock bhayya is busy with election campaign for hyderabad municipality . such a cheap national leader's we have .
khattar is a gutter .
khattar is tatoo of the highest level
a million thanks to the guy who made this video .
they have no humanity
good . crack the nuts . good for the people .
if they will do same thing u call them terrorists
the officer is actually correct . don't know what ndtv has caught the officer for the officer is liable to do legal work he is not there to be a messiah .
inspired by dyer
the president of india must be very proud of these type of civil servants .
orders coming from mha directly
law said first leg than head
when a cracked head says to crack others head ...
sdm must be a nice guy , the real culprits our politicians , if these officials dont follow their orders then they are transferred .
where is human rights ? are these civil servents ... ye insan kehlane k layak nhi hai ese log ... pta nhi kaise kaise chutite hmare system m aa gye hai
kya baat mr.sdm itna drre hue ho system se ki morality mar gyi apki
at least now the police are given the power to crack the heads of these terrorists ! ! ! its good
where in our so-called constitution and laws do this sdm have rights to order breaking heads .. are our legal experts sleeping or looking the other way .. if justice is not provided then obviously nature would ensure that justice will be delivered forcefully in their own way ... see corona as great leveller .. what about masks .. no is fining this officer as he is probably violating covid protocol .. now i see he is not normal citizen then i suppose he is exempt ..
just to seek favours and fill the treasuries modi is selling the whole country to these two corporates . kitna commission paya hein is deal mein . na kaavoonga na khaane dhoonga . is he not ashamed of his heinous crimes ? utterly disgusting . jo saththar saal mein nahin hua modi rule mein dekhne ko mil raha hein . ithni berehmi . look at their age ? insaan hein ya raakshas
shameless officar ,
he shall be dismissed
it looks like military coup can turn the table and save the country now . the way bjp is administering is worst . it is a fact that india no more has democracy . it totally a dictatorship . furthermore , a bjp mp varun gandhi says in his tweet : this must be a edited video . what a joke .
i feel this is taken out of context
we've got two options to deal with the this scoundrel . send him to afghanistan or hand him over to the protesting crowd . he needs to be reminded that he is serving the people and not our master in any sense of the word .
modi ... amit sha ... yogi ... eat cow dung for their meals and not rice
waah re collector sahab
how are these people selected ?
modi made india go behind by 15 years
these are the top bureaucrats that our upsc chooses to serve people
thanks ndtv for exposing these kind of goons .
high quality nonsense .
that's insane ! can't enforce law with a thug mentality .
farmers are lifeline of any nation .. bjp leadership is filled with ego , hatred , but time will teach them a lesson .. history has so many such leaders .. but who remembers them now ...
fire him ! ! then hand him over to the crowd
while godi media is focusing on some other country to divert the issue ..
after watching this video superior police to his subordinates : chilla chilla ka sabko scheme bata de
court aise officer ko voluntary retire hi kardey , only court have power to do so
saffron taliban at its best ! !
the best governance we ever had . we need bjp at least 20 more years . india will gets its glory back . jai hind . ji shri ram
rss leader directing his terror group
incredible india ! democratic nation indeed
sab k vikas kro accha din income double for farmers before schedule time of 2022
india is not democratic it's just hindu rashtra only dictatorship of hindutv for all minority no justice no safety no security no development
shameful for mankind
thats why i hate burocratic jobs . u think u r the boss but u r the pawn
jungle raj , world is spitting on india
this is draconian rule . general dyer
wow ... this nation is evolving day by day with hatred .
cheers to haryana police working for the people
and they called it india has democracy
all police officers be like yes sir ok sir
he have to face the consequences becz of his strong direction .
that officer is absolutely right and i support police because anyone can make comments on police very easily and about its role but when u stand at the place of police u will realise their responsibility
this is indian safron taliban , more dangerous than afghanistan taliban andhbhakt keep talking about other countries . first make safe india for its own citizens , then offer citizenship to other countries .
horrible
dm has full right to force law and order . these handful of so called farmers are creating anarchy on streets from last many months , sponsored by congress and other political parties . 98 % of farmers in india are happy with farms laws apart from punjabi sikh , handful of haryanavi jats and up jats sponsored by rakesh tikiat who fought mla election from ajit singh party and lost his deposit .
taliban government hai yeh
taliban government
gunde hi hire kar lete ... oh acha woh hi toh hai ... sorry my mistake
this country is slowly turning into a hell .
wow ... as expected
democracy slowly becoming jungle rule
shane shame on bjp
he needs to resign
where is his written action paper what he talked about .. can someone ask ?
chemical engineering wala .. 2017 me pass out ho kar 4 saal mei public admin kia jane .. kash koi indian independence struggle ka koi paper hota tu yeh log attempt hi na karte .. now these people tell how to live ..
this policemen is related to rss . rss is common enemy of people of india .
no wrong statement by sdm .. sdm's statement is better than tikait
probably he is corrupt , any idea how much does a corrupt sdm earns per month ? ? ?
democracy ? dus the sdm know he eats food produced by farmers anndata !
well ordered sdm and well implemented police dissent can never be allowed to take form of violence waiting to see rakesh tikait being beaten the same way
simply british rule is followed by now
should have refrased the words , change in approach and plan execution ( there are different methods he could have used to get his point across ) most importantly the meeting should have been indoors and should have consulted someone
if the farmers are not crossing the line , this is unjustified . i do not know what the farmers did in this case ... but also , as a matter of principal i hate when protestors stop being peaceful and riot .
its a political order from high table
in this country all these so called human right activists are busy shouting for rapist , murders and militants . but when it comes to police brutality against farmers and teachers , everyone go silent !
barbaric action against its citizens
before we blame this officer .. everyone should be aware that he is following the orders from seniors and politicians indirectly cm itself .
these are not farmers these are dacoits
in india anyone with even a bit of power thinks they can get away with anything and they usually do ... this is no way to treat anyone and people are applauding him for what he did . that tells us the state of this country and the directions we are going in .
what more to expect from indian police : pets of ministers . don't know how to handle crowd protests and holding rank of sdm indian police .
major gaurav arya , , , hello , where ru ? listen please ? ? ? kisan aikta tehreek will soon turn into khalistan tahreek , you'll trying to break pakistan into pieces but it seems what ever modi govt . is doing is going against them ...
inc is calling out bjp on farmer laws and this incident while 1984 sikh riots happened bcoz of them , ofc they never had army brought in :)
indias evolution took a u turn after 2014
the problem of bjp govt.in indian politics is an unfortunate one , the laders are uneducated and think themselves higher than anyone else ! common people suffer !
just wait and watch ..
they were asked to not cross the barricade , while protesting , but wo sunte kaha h ... ! ! !
last time , farmers had did something for police force and now it's the return ! !
sdm - the dog
sdm sahab salute . this out of syllabus treatment of this andolonjeevi was long overdue . anybody disrupting citizens life needs the same playbook . thank you .
this is gift for farmer by government
correct action
he is just doing his duty main culprit is government
the magistrate at least doesnt have humanity , and coming to the police fully loaded with shit in brain ...
proud of him , there is a limit to patience
? 28 highways ? ? ? ? ? ? very sad and very bad
harayana government .. bjp .. manohar lal .. will cost you this action dear ..
most highways around delhi are blocked in some way or the other , yesterday while coming back from jaipur we suffered unnecessarily due to farmer blockade of flyover , to be honest i cursed and cussed them . causing others to suffer for ur rights is no way to protest against a law . if i had a lathi i wud have beaten them myself .
this is a great example of duty with full honesty
he should be fired and charged for uttering threats , his orders led to so many peaceful protestors to be injured . he is unfit to be in that position . he should be in jail .
inheritor of dyer : break heads
congress and frme aukat mai raho warne tumhe logo lashe beccha di ghai samje
full support to sdm , beat the so called " fake farmers " . need more civil servants like them
sdm has the power to do whatever required for maintaining law and order , if so called farmer create violence then reply will be given in violence . he has said right
this type of decisions force youths to take action toward true democracy ... like & .
the tears and pain of the innocent will never go wasted karma will strike back . power is not forever .
# we support him ..
haryana hc should take sou moto action
stupid music as always
sdm did absolutely right . real farmers are on crop field . those who gathered there were all political parties goons .
suppressing any kind of dissent in the world largest democracy supports sanjay raut's statement ...
the mainstream media is not showing the opposition at all .. so many people never come to know about such incidents .. jai ho modiji ..
farmers should stop producing agriculture products , , india will thrive and then government will realise .
farmers are being used by thier so called leaders as sacrifice . real farmers have already exposed tiket and the likes of their political ambintions . why is no news channel reporting on that ? why was khalistan flag hoisted on red fort ? who is supporting such separatists ? questions need to be asked why were police officers attaked and barricades broken by so called " farmers " since nov this protests have been ongoing who is funding them with air conditioned tents for tiket and dancebar like atmosphere ? thr pictures are out so ht show both sifes of the coin and please stop your biased shit .
these superiors are real criminals , they are giving hard orders and harrassing all people including subordinates , inferiors
he should be immediately removed from his post .
case to banta
his father rakesh sinha is in rss and a old farmer got killed by lathi smash on his head repeated by police
when good marks in ethics has been overpowered by bjp
i support the sdm shut up liberals one day stand in his situation u knew the pressure
he is just a puppet
terr-orist so called farmers .
papu n kejruddin still see this fake farmers protest as an opportunity to defame modiji ...
simple this guy donot cares about farmers , he is sitting here as he is being funded by s . f . j and congress , if he is real farmer then from where he is getting fund for sex , alchohol at night ? .
got fed up with the farmers protest . what are they up to ? changing it to political issue . nut in the brain .
dakait is in full swing lol .
good news
this dumb protesters are reason for the spread of covid in haryana border villages
farmers should weapons call defenders and be proud on that
i thought these guys said covid is a a rumor spread by the government to keep them away from the protests . these guys shouldn't stop now . they should go to the protests straight away .
indians are unique people . odisha , one of india's poorest state , shooed away a $ 12 billion investment from posco . the company waited for 10 years but the govt failed to procure land for them . the nandigram story is well known . these laws are already on hold and it is unlikely that the govt would touch them again .
bahut shi aur mare ... covidiots ..
why are rest of the indian farmers not protesting ? reforms are for the whole country ! until farmers from maharashtra , mp , up etc join them these farm protest will fail .
sir , those who are agitating against the agricultural acts , are the commission agents of panjab and haryana.the agitation is not for the true agriculturists .
media is also responsible to these farmer idiots and their destroying their own nation .
ironically , vested interests of handful of individuals ( rich farmers ) are causing pain and suffering for millions ( ordinary people ) .
instead of blaming the doctors and central government , why don't you people blame it on yourself . they can come back to protest provided that they are all alive .
* who is responsible ? govt or the covidiots ( farmers themselves ) ? *
* who is responsible govt or citizens ? * * - trashing front liners ( doctors , nurses , cops .. ) * * - throwing dead bodies into river * * - covidiot not wearing mask , no social distancing * * - hoarding medical gases & medicines *
so they are actually observing this current scenario ...
most probably it will be the cause of third wave
* why should police be caught in this trap set by the politicians police should stand down . let the farmers & politicians protesting clash with public . let public feel the brunt . public will be upset and take action against protestors *
* people have the right to free movement---no one should deliberately disrupt the livelihood and movement of people---the farmer's protest is just that . to create problems---they and their kind should be punished to the maximum so that people do not adopt such actions---can we go infront of their family homes and protest , create ruckus and disrupt their movement for long period of time ? if yes , public should do the same to these so call paid fake leaders *
evaree annu protect cheyande
people are jobless in punjab and haryana brainless too
i sent message to modi on linkedin . he did not reply .
farmers don't need our sympathy . they need our respect & we owe them that respect : - maharshi actor mahesh babu
bhagao ab in logo ko emotional fool bhout bna liya in fake farmers and fake agendas ne inko kaho act read kr ke aye saheenbagh part 2 china , pak funded drama khalistani or naxal cocktail ke sath mudde nakli hai matter govt . or india ko destroy krne ka hai . need to get up india ppl kick them out , delhi ko phir se aag lagani hai caa , jase
abp news look beter and clean after this makeover in fonts and strips . good
some viewers said this is state issue is this correct ?
farmers protest ki coverage ke liye thank you
viewers give like r dislike your farmers fight for their livelihood modi govt axploit them for their corporates think & support farmers & ask your mps to withdraw the farm bills , we , , farmers don't want , , ,
one day they will pay for this remember
jhoot bol rhe o tusi
phn choda dekha video kithe fathar mare
best c . m after yogi ji . salute to khattar saab ! saala bjp ke leaders strong hain bhai . yeh baat maan ni padegi .
chill down my friends ! ! let the law take it's due course . umpire's decision final decision . lol yaar aam admi pareshan hai in farmers se . yeh baat samajh lo babuya . you tube ki support koi support nahin hai . people of haryana requested khattar saab ko take care of these farmers else they were threating to take on the farmers themselves . no one will tell this but that's truth .
khattar should be jailed with his family
sdmkarnal ayushsinha sheer abuse of his power . how could you give such ruthless orders , where you are openly asking the police to lathi charge on head .
no stones were thrown
police are using lathis on farmer and u r saying 10 police officer are injured are u serious . there is the video before this in which ias officer is commanding to smash the head of farmer . shame on you
juth juth juth
top level useless cm all time
shame on you bjp ... & police
jhutha police jhutha sarkar ... shame on police
support and salute for this brave work and journalism chaukidar chore hai evm hatao bjp rss godse ki aulad bhagao desh bachao bjp rss sold india modi maut ka saudagar amit shah tadipar aditya nath terrorist are spreading terror root out of the country and send to pakistan bycott ambani adani lala ramdev products bjp rss ke sc st obc ke piththu mps bidhayako ki kutai save constitution and democracy jai jawan jai kishan jai mazadur jai sambidhan
sham on you
fantastic news indeed and jaihind really appreciated
the police had been patient for almost a year . the goon farmers got what they richly deserved , better late than never .
ye to toll par lathicharge hua ha ye kh rha ha city ki taraf jaa rhe the
what about sdm comment ?
shame on you
don't call them farmers . they are paid gundaas of opposition . they r not protesting but disturbing economy and functioning of state govt .
shame to you
bad job police and government and rss
shoot at sight needed
why is the government not doing away with the new laws where farmers are against it ? ?
same of u police
whatever he is saying did not comes with proof . on the other side dm orders and lathicharge on sitting people . is on cameras . bhai duty to sab krte he par apna sameer beach ke ye ye banda kar rha he
these farmer's are now becoming very egotistical , rude and arrogant also . i myself had experienced their threats to my life , my family and my personal property on 2 separate occasions in punjab . farmer's have become what they are opposing ' tanashah ' . if they are getting beaten i think these idiots deserve it now . i don't support them anymore .
farmers : for the next one year produce only what you need for your family , nothing extra to sell . we will see these educated city based bhakts who is now supporting attacks against farmers , will come crying for you help .
the farmers were asking for their rights . why were they hit so badly ? the bjp is selling the nation's railways and roadways to adani and ambani . why no action against them ?
please stop advertising fascists voices
slaves , can u buy oil with inr ?
farmers are thr real heroes to hell with this govt its time to show them the true meaning of democracy and power of the common man
as usual indian police's same cinematic reasoning . shame on haryana police .
if government does not listen to farmers and do violent lathi charge against farmers , this will be outcome . what kind of government is this ? which hurt its own people .
we are eating the farmers effects government should understand i praised my farmers i love them let's god save them i think the government are eating---f
as per the 3 farm laws , the ultimate administrative authority to listen farmers complaints is the sdm ... now you know and crystal clear what the sdm s will do to please their political and corporate masters ...
farmers never start anything police start everything hit on head stupid
don't trust a word coming out from a person who starts the statement " i going to tell you some truth "
police are so corrupt and telling lies so money .
pm silent . he'll give promotion to the ias officer and the police . that's his strategy .
so far they have been doing peaceful protests but these morons don't care so farmers had to take next step of blocking highways
in sab ko maro jo road jaam kar rahe .. ye sab kisan nahi china funded communist hai , ye hamare industry and farmer ko nuksan pohancha rahe hai supply chain band kar ke
these farmers are good example of terrorism
those police involved should be terminated ...
you are s liar . there were no stones at all . khattar , you will be shown your place soon for your lies .
any form of indiscipline should b dealt firmly
why is the pm not listening to the people . why is he making a mockery of the democracy .
mr . adgp be ready to pack your bags to go home telling lies .
1:11 this is unfair one side is having lathis & guns and the other side none to defend themselves . law should allow anyone to defend oneself if threatened .
ye police kis ka kha ke ye wardi pehente hai ? neta ka police hai toh change their designation to political party police , doesn't seems like these are ips or ias . because ips ias is for the people . mc neta ka paltu pilla bane firo . bolo jaihind
this the bjp real colour . bjp and modi wants to ear huge profits by their supporters corporate companies like adani , ambani and etc . example apples for rs . 12 / - per kg from the farmers and companies given free hand by the bjp to sell to citizens for minimum price of rs . 200 / - maximum to extend for their huge profits to give the party fund to the pet political party . this present bjp , ambani and adani modern india . citizens blood is squeezed by the bjp government .
shame on these police fellows you are meant to serve the people . not abuse and harass them .
police department should be given independent powers ... i mean they should be liberated from the ruling party grip . now police seem to be the gondas of the ruling party
jhuthe log ... farmers are duing great job ...
ha ab ye suno govt servant tathya bta rhey or hum maan bhi lengy
farmers are our back bone and bread winners . god save them from these devilish pm and it's ministers .
it's a shame for the cm and adgp telling such a big lie as we all have had how the police officer has told it's subordinates , " break the skuls who ever crossing this line " . it is a shame for the country and even the world that we indians have made mistakes in giving the ruling power to such an arrogant pm like modi and his political party bjp . he is going to realize what's the mistakes he is committing day by day by looting the people of india and hard earned tax payers money . god save this country from these evil hands and devilish pm ...
protesting against state machinery if need be is democracy . thoo on khattar , this cop navdeep and the sdm karnal ayush . shame on them . killing those who they have an both to serve and protect .
they all are telling lies against farmers , chi chi bjp government
bjp knows how to buy people and how to play the blame game !
the police officer is telling a big lie
shame on the adgp ! !
farmers should sell their grains to the public directly either physically or even online ... only if they get their rate which should be twice the msp .. all problem will be solved
khatter is full of shit ... bjprss ko bhagavo desh ko bachavo ... #kisanektazindabaad
so far farmers never resorted to violence . as always there could be some infiltrators from the other side who have deliberately created a tense situation , then acting saint , which a kind of modus operandi adopted over many decades
sadly the people in power are sleeping
it is sad . murder of democratic right , targeting head and life of farmers is unbelievable . politician like cm of haryana , seems to be nonsense . shame on him .
our farmers are feeding the nation not the currupted government , people have to defend themselves against the government gundas beating our farmers . fight until death for the truth you lord god will fight for you . he will destroy all the corrupt from top to bottom , you will look and see how the wicked are punished you will search for them but you ' want find , even their descendant will be wiped out india has terrorist in the parliament , terrorizing its people and farmers .
the stand of sardar gurnam singh chaduni is commendable that is , the whole present political system of our democratic & secular country may be said responsible for harassing the kissans . so that a new party namely all india kissan-mazdoor party should be made by agriculture people for flushing out corporated based politicians by democratic votes .
why anchor is shouting ?
are we going back to british rule
always with farmers ... govt can change farmers don't ...
new high for bjp . beat the blind students
once
wonder how the host will feel if tomorrow police beat the media anchors with sticks . you can imagine the outrage . a nation where a 20 year old policeman is beating a 60 year old farmer to make local politician happy . the nation has lost its soul now , nothing left , to save . in our times we used to touch the feet of older people especially farmers and military , cant even think of even making eye contact with these people . but today indian youth has no soul or principle , brought up by a mother that taught for money do anything . my parents would have died in shame if they saw me hitting a older person .
can you imagine a chief minister of a large state openly discussing that beating of farmers is necessary . what is next beating military people . the nation has lost its soul to few goons , while rest of the public is neutral or neutral . imagine a son of a farmer in police is seen beating a old farmer violently , and the nation is not outraged , while the host is more interested to tell farmers to keep taking the beating and dont respond .
i think modi needs to declare no more elections in future to convince indians that democracy is gone two years ago . that will stop the struggle of indians fighting these atrocities and make corruption more efficient and return nation to some growth path .
it was matter of time when a nation with so much corruption at all levels was going to move to the open corrupt system with oligarchs and autocrats with single dictator at top .
nexus of corrupt police , criminal politicians and now even corrupt ias shows its best for all indians to lay low until the modi dictatorship is fully implemented and you figure out where you belong . congratulations first superpower with dictatorship , something russia couldnt pull off , while china continues towards implementing democracy .
if ambani and adani and others have already made the payment through election bonds to bjp and modi i am sure they are frustrated with the delay in implementation . when you buy corruption you expect it to be efficient . so sad you know end is near when the criminals stop following there commitments .
she is so disrespectful towards the farmers guarantee if adani or his type was being interviewed she would be very respectful , but at farmers she talks over them like she is talking to 3 year olds . i guess money matters in media
while indians youth is watching indian idol and media not showing the atrocities against the farmers since there owners are the one that will benefit with the new law implemented . how long can farmers take a beating without responding
intention of the administration shold be to disperse people not kill them
dropti chose wrong words and caused mahabhart
jitna atyachaar india mein kisanon , mahilaon , ladkiyon , students , adivasiyon , minorities , dalit , activists , true journalists aur aam admi ke virud corruption ke naam per horaha hay ... uska matr 1 % bhi afghanistan mein is iswaqt nahi horaha hay ... shame on nazi gov't ... shame on hitlers , shame on sanghi parivaar ... godi aur modi media asal muddon se tawajjuh hatane keliye ab taliban ki rat lagaker baithe hain ... public feels that gov't is 100 times more brutal and corrupt against public than taliban in afghanistan ...
i salute to the farmers those who are part of the nonviolent movement of farmer's . , .. i am condemning the violent behaviour of the administration ... cm must take responsibility for this hateful procedure and resign
mamata is the most corrupt & dishonest politician of bengal
farm laws are central laws . why are they protesting against haryana government ? clearly they want to do politics in haryana . also , there must be investigation of the dead man with postmortem rather than false narratives like farmer protest . also , bandh is unconstitutional as per the supreme court .
bjp lost its credibility to be in power . they should submit resignation at the earliest to save their balance support . otherwise people should shooed them away from power .
we oppose of the bjp government black rules and false promises
kisan andolan against congress in punjab but ndtv won't show that .. fake farmers murdabad
aysha des he mera
these terror backed ... strikes ... never get support ... ndtv need to stop this nonsense
nice discussion as always .
support farmers for their legitimate demands and rights
oh god last british rule has return back through modi bjp government n state too plz god save our peaceful country india democracy from this evil bjp government n party
but those instructions were enforced .
now it is high time for the government to listen to the masses . nobody wants to see a repetition of such violence on the streets .
if he is defending sdm that shows there were clear orders from cm and then virtually this cm is virtually admitting by saying that strictness was necessary . now the question arises : who is responsible for escalating the situation to this extent ? why option the farmers have in the given situation when you continue to insult them by using highly objectionable and disparaging remarks against them and have been trying to malign them by making misuse and abuse of the power in your hand and for the last more than 9 months you have been keeping silent and not addressing and redressing their issues and are wanting to suppress their voice by using force which is not in consonance with the traits of the democracy . as regards patience , it is the farmers which are displaying patience and not this government . unfortunate situation is also that judiciary is also virtually allowing this government to do so by not taking cognisance of the matter when the government is bent upon thrusting upon the farmers the three illegally passed laws being unconstitutional and passed against the provisions of the constitution without following the due process of laws and also against the federal structure of the constitution.whatever is happening in the country is not in the interest of the democracy .
these brainless farmers must be kicked out . put them behind the bars .
no farmers no food
no farmers no food
no farmers no food
no farmers no food
no farmers no food
no farmers no food
congress mouthpiece - news channel of the most non relevant political party
shame to modi & khatter for this coward act.their days are numbered .
choro ka virodh hona chahiye or jor se hona chahiye , we are with farmers .
where is the bollywood variant
bjp is cancer to india
break the protesters ' legs .
spreading corona by fake farmers . and . terrorists . should be punished . jai modi sarkaar
modi s illiterate minister ? what can you make of such news ? how much lower standards can this shameless government set ?
boycott bjp ... pm ji where r u ...
it's covid facility .. enemies of this country . gundas
rss bjp are targetting farmers with gun brutually to smash the protest
shame on these guys for attacking their own people , and failure to save people from this sickness .
arrest the farmers leaders rakesh and his gongs for violations of the lockdown and spreading the virus.its a shame that this leaders are creating massive chaos and are part of a plot to destabilize india.this farmers leaders shd be charged for treason against india .
support from telangana for beloved farmers we are feeling pain & grief
farmers shld stop selling food to govt , then let's see how the govt beggers come to knees . farmers shld stop produce and grow only for their food , only then all the luxuries will come to street for food and realize buildings won't feed them .
yhi to chahiye tha ... vishvguru bn gye ... jo corona se bachenge unko modi maar denge
this shows us that what goona be the results of the haryana elections
why is there an event held ? and why did they organise the protest now safety and security should be number one priority
let the election come . bangal will repeat and these nafrati chintuss will be mocked to
invest $ 100 in bitcoin and receive a good profit of $ 720 before friday 21st of may . it's real
the police wants to stay at home lockdown because pandemic problem india fallow the protocol this virus is seriously
fake love fake democracy fake nationalism and even a fake prime minister
thank you ndtv - that covers all the sensitive issues in india . one of the only real media of india
now indian peoples ready to change lies govt totally falure
modi caste system : govt : israel farmers : palestine .
shameless government
the people who speak on camera don't know anything bout the laws in the village no body heard them .
modi never meet farmers as his status come down .
my heart is with the farmers
my dear hindhus this sick government is your responsibility only , we have no roll in this ,
atleast some channels showing the truth of our nation
can someone reply me what happened i am student and i want to learn
i want my india back ...
ab kaha he bhakts who say why only punjab farmer's are protesting .
bjp failed in everything they touched . caa failed , farm reforms failed , international relations failed , economy failed the list goes on .
next election idk what will happen ?
there apprehensions and concerns are valid ... i feel bad for media and everyone is trying to portray them as anti nationals ..
bjp should have not mess with farmers .
it's clearly written that no transaction will include land deals stop spreading such facts
govt is still shocked at the fact the farmers are more intelligent than them
farmers for public.not for corporates
farmers should stop farming for all people just start feeding own family then people will know the power of farmer
another truth , this is not just farm bill which will spoil farmers and people linked to farmers . i have also learned that govt can go down to any level and use any platform to spoil the peacefull protest .
but , what this rajiv dixit is saying is not even in the law passed . no land taking over , no limiting of grain stocking for the one growing it .
all countries are going or making developed still indian gov makes india like ancient periods atleast people give the ruling power to some educated people
these blockaders have to pay for damages . ?
farmer laws are good . only rich farmers are cornering everything
there must be some corrupted people from punjab and haryana aligned with bjp
we want justice in indian
show them in the elections ... , ! ! !
may allah protect our farmers and ease their life
bjp govt . is an utter failure in every field related to the economic condition of the country and its citizen . it is acting as a broker for few corporates .
modi is one and 9nly broker no family
funny , am not seeing any bjp supporter here
the bjp government seems to be very egotistic . there is no harm in rescinding a decision and accepting the popular verdict with humility . but that will never happen .
thanks for your solidarity of public and actor and actress and sports person . please help one another regardless of caste and religion and language and race . i stand with farmers rights . long live the farmer . farmers nonviolent protest against bill . govt should listen to farmers . please scarp new farmer law . no farmers and no food
please rulers of india listen . run the country peacefully . if not please get down .
and khalistani sikhs in us have vandalised a mahatma gandhi statue and cursing india , is this the demand they want by in shaming father of nation , shame ! !
great sikhs there are real warriors
block all highways and boycott all ambani and adani products . make them return to as farmers
bycot jio , relaince
naxalite misleading people
whoever controls the media controls the mind . - jim morrison .
how are our farmers going to lose lands and opportunities , can anyone here explain me ?
* and they say punjab haryan only , abe protest me jaake dekho kerala or northeast tak se log aate hai *
rich farmers of a particular state .
this is an act with mostly rights and one wrong , they say peasants will stay peasants physically and mentally
bjp is going to wrosen indias condition in every aspect
0:32 farmers name is rajiv dixit unbelievable
i salute and bow before formers to support them
it is right time for all indian to united along with farmers to protest against privatsation.pls look at the price rise for food and in fuel to all commodities.corpoate companies are become rich and hardworking people become poor under bjp leadership . farmers has open the eyes of others.this is wake up call ...
y this bullshit politicians are forcing the farmer to follow the bill , if they don't want it , it shows there is something wrong in this , we are heading towards something big , hope our farmers get what they want , thanks quint atleast ur showing correct video , not like godi dalal media .
i support new act for agriculture
modi government should be impeached immediately
agriculture has always been the most underperforming sector of the economy , employing more than 60 % of the country's population and producing only 18 % of the gdp . thus , it makes agricultural reforms imperative . sooner or later we have to remove msp , focus on large scale farming and prices driven by the forces of supply and demand .
nope bjp is with farmers and poor people .. ye dalle 100 200 log hi kisaan hai desh me . kisaan ke account me paise aate hain ab faslon ke ... congress ke pet me keede ho gaye ye dekh kar .. or khalistani suar ka pata laga desh ko ..
the 3 farm act do not affect msp at all ( which in any case is an admin decision ) . therefore , one can conclude that these farmers are protesting out of fear and apprehension rather than facts ; which means that their gullibility has been exploited by vested interests ( farmer leaders , agents and political opposition parties ) .
some ppl think they understand the farm bills better than farmers themselves .
good job quint we whr u r from bangladeshi media .. try ur best ..
tight slap on the faces of the govt and godi media
i dnt knw bt someof the farmers like dixig .. has not read the law .. he is speaking anything
we stand with farmers . jai kisan .
* * kindly support me * * myself barnali adhikary a private tutor from hooghly , wb , india , i live with my mother . my father had passed away , i am having no siblings , i have lost all of my tutions due to lockdown situation & being the only earning member of the family , going through extreme financial crisis , having no other sources of help ... my mother , a home maker , is suffering from chronic diabetes & high bp along with kidney problems , can't afford to continue with her treatment & can't buy urgent medicines for her , also unable to buy groceries and vegetables to sustain the daily needs to survive , hence requesting earnestly for your kind support urgently , don't make obnoxious comments kindly and it's not any scam or fraudulence at all . a little bit of contribution could save our lives , hence contribute as per your capability .. ( contribute whatever you can via google pay / phonepe / paytm number .. 9163429620 , ... upi id .. 9163429620 <user> or 9163429620 <user> ) , or , ( barnali adhikary state bank of india sahaganj branch ( 2115 ) savings account no . 3957016634 3 ifsc code .. sbin 0002115 ) people who sincerely want to contribute can call or sms on 9163429620 ... my regards to all ...
bjp works for corporate people not for common people
peheli baat toh comment section waalo ne agar ache se three farm bill pade hotthe toh kuch bhi anti bjp comment karke nahi baithe ! ! dusri baat yeh khalistani hai isliye chu bolraha hai hum nahi hai hum nahi and all - - jab farmers suicide kar rahe the tab kaha teh yeh chu log .. yeh dalal log hai mandi ka ab mandi ka business bandh hojayage aur garib farmers kush rahege yeh inko bardaas nahi horaha hai ... sikh community bar bar ke london , canada jarahe hai saalo baaki ka 27 states ke farmer kyu virodh nahi kar rahe hai - - tum mandi bachane ke chakkar mein protest karne lage aur yeh congress , isi , khalistan desh todne waalo ne ache logo ko milne waala saara acha bill ka virodh kar rhe ho .. sharam karo be ... good that we are protesting against bills nowadays in india becuase of bjp otherwise they wont protest of 2 g scam , commonwealth games scam , adarsh housing scam , augusta westland scam , poddar scam , sharadha chit fund scam , national hearld scam and yes where were u all when land mafia looted .. sabke sabke chor ke dongar hai yeh log .. we are from farming family and we love bills - we get opportunities to choose between direct market , apmc and msp + with contracts on our own language + soil card + insurance for crop .. we are happy with bjp ... please dont give our country to papu gang and all the looters like lalu , mamta , and bharath tere tukde tukde gang .. from quint to scoopwhoop and all nonsense media house are funded by such criminals .. laal bath sirf ambulance aur police ko allowed hai - - is policy se surgical strike tak , abrogation of 370 se triple talaq tak , ram mandir se new farm bill tak - bjp if for people ... we support bjp - - fuck you fake mandi owners in the name of farmers ...
congress is most idiot party ?
funny anchor ... paid media ... they can sell our nation for single penny ... we have many states in india only panjab and congress ruled states have problem ...
police boht galt kar rahi hai
unfortunately agitators / farmers have not produced any point against farmers in agricultural reform bills hitherto . contrary to agitators opinions many new opportunities in these bills . despite it government is regularly discussing the farmers for their input and proposals . government is genuenally keen to support farmers but some interest groups misleading / confusing relentlessly to farmers and others about these bills and on other farmers issues in their own trivial interest .
thnq sir for coverage
farmers are under attack by police .. shame on indian government
what are three issues any one in short form in 3 sentences
agar sab kuch pehle jo tha thik tha to kisan suicide kiun kar rahe the ..
still the protest is going on but godi media shows nothing ... just wanted views at that time now have forgotten
1 - there is no legal assurance of msp . , how can we rely on oral assurance of pm when they refused to give compensation to state of gst even when its legal entity 2 - new farm laws says private can make directly contact with farmers , why the term msp is not added 3 - private player have to pay tax not the farmers to procure crops which is used to build rural infrastructure , 4-85 \ % farmers in punjab & 85 % in haryana gets msp in haryana on wheat & rice , instead government should bring law so that crops enlisted should be procured on msp ! ! ! 5 - even kisan wing of rss is opposing three bills 6 farmers r on roads inspite of corona , there must br reason 7 - this model has miserably failed in state of bihar so they came to punjab to do labour 8 - europe gives 100 billion dollars to farmer , 400 farmers committ suicide every year in rafeal france , still they r unsuccessful as they have models which r coming in india above all , its shame to support these farm bills
why the hell this chanels never show something good , still busy doing politics .
selective imposition of income tax on non farmers including handicapped non farmers and selective billing , in punjab , of electricity charges on non vote banks including handicapped punjabis , are modern day version of jazia.why blame only medieval rulers ?
all freebies , subsidies , tax exemptions meant for the small / marginal farmers are usurped by the rich / super rich farmers . nri owners of agricultural land in punjab who have not set foot in india for years , bribe patwaris and show themselves as ' khud kasht ' - i . e . actual tillers , in the revenue records . such nris and others then take free electricity etc benefits
farmers feed us not like modi ji , ambaani and adaani who want to attain top positions to fulfill their worldy desires . modi govt is suppressing their voice if farmers are saying they don't want this law then why government have passed it . today they need our support . jai jawaan jai kissan
suna hai reliance outlet pe andolan ho rha hai
people of haryana and punjab , ye bill sirf kisano ko kamzoor nahi karega balki in rajeyo ki arthvayevstha ko khokhla kardega . agar kisan ke pas kharach karne ko paisa nahi hoga to shahar main vayapaar kaise hoga . please i request everyone whether businessman , student , private employee to protest this bill as at the end of the day it will impact everyone .
jis ke pass 20 acres zameen hai woh rehri pe wheat beeche ge .
ndtv is the only best news channel
no news channel is showing the news of punjab ... ndtv is best of all ... baki sab bikk gye
i am farmer . act is beneficial to farmers . i am getting ten thousand by selling my crop . now i get more . pls read farmers act and come here to comment . being farmer i say only middle men , mandi brokers are going for strike . being farmer it is i will decide to whom i will sell my crop and at what price , like a businessmen who decides price and place of marketing .
he is happy to give anti modi news
we are with our punjabi brothers ...
thank you so much sir and whole team of ndtv for reporting this issue because other national media is not so active on this issue .
to die with hunger than with fake covid
sirf kch states me toh kissan dharna de rhe hai , i request other states to do so ! ! this is first step towards privatization did you noticed jio krisshi was launched 2 months ago .. they will collb with monsato and gmo seed companies . they will feed us bad food with chemicals and everything . onces we fall sick due to these bad food . they will make another scheme to implement health insurance like in the usa and make profit out of it . karl marx onces said , if you want to committe suicide than the capitalist will sell you the rope . what will happen to modi , nothing he will retire and be happy ever after.he will built a new parliament building by this term and his legacy will remain forever . most people have short memory and will forget his mis advantures and mall governace . the democratic values in the meantime will be mostly eroded . the manner in which the farmer bill was passed in the rajay sabha was absolutely disgusting . i knew they can stoop so low . now wait and watch what more gonna happen .. bjp know how to copy something demonatizaion was not their plan it was created by congress gst bill was onces created by congress and this farmers bill is taken from u . s check this model in u . s how it works over their even american can't handel this and and farmer suicide ratio is rapidly increasing their . we expect it will work here this is india .. we lost trust in govt and media
everthing is fake in india country ... only farmer nd army officer r real .. nd after watching this video from ndtv .. i respect this news chnel . as compare to othe fake media chnl
shame on false propaganda from the rich and exploitative farmer brokers
voice of the people ? india is democracy ? what a joke this is dictatorship they just do as they wish without listening to it's people
farmers are not angry mandi people are . farmers are poor , they are more than happy with this ordinance .
as a punjabi farmer i fully back up haryana farmers . kangana ranaut is opportunist . she will kiss bjp feet and will do anything to get a ticket .
respect for you sir ... you bring out real issues of country .. unlike other fake news anchors
modi is behaving like mugal emperor and british ! ! ! and our indian media is sold out to modi bjp rss ... ! !
now they arresting muslims in the name of uapa ... the amit has made the nia to have super power on everyone ... and they say hindu life are in danger .. but actually who is doing terrorist activities it is just bjp by broking masjid and building temples .
bullshit .. ! ! emotional news without facts .. ! !
now they selling farmers to corporate ... bcz they know only theses few media will report these news
sare chore hai
real true man mr . ravish kumar
indian government is fool . modi is unhealthy for india .
to all the readers oppose bjp rss as much as you can but please stop being toxic against sanatan dharma / hinduism . i don't know why but people think they are looking cool while making fun of hinduism if you look closely none of religion is perfect in its purest form we evolve day by day and so our religion . as far as i know hinduism is one of the most elastic religion in world ( i am not criticising any other religion ) . instead of drinking the poison of hate . be peaceful tolerant and love everyone . om shanti / amen .
there is no right to speak truth , why the police is taking strict action . they have right ... they are also humans ... like others ...
uppsc and upsc wale ese news se door rhe or sirf fact ko dekhe or padhe and decide kare these types of people's misleading every one ... go and learn good and bad ..
sir satyapal is a truthful man . he is still in the hearts of goans . he should be the head of all the departments . a salute to you sir . long live sir .
this is game plan ... ek sir fodey dusra malaham lagye
jai hind sir great
congress party got bullets fired on kissan andolan under rakesh tikaits father led protest . congress party crying using this ndtv . they will stop road traffic and tease the public & not get beaten ? ? ? satyapal malik is talking like congress spokesperson & against his own party !
he has given 50 thousand posts in jk
this man is not greedy for his governor seat . hats off sir
no action has been taken so far -
sry to say , most of the indian people were brainwashed , they still vote for jumla party . sad reality
ban evm break evm save indian democracy from criminals
all governors in other states should follow his foot steps .
the stand of sardar gurnam singh chaduni is commendable that is , the whole present political system of our democratic & secular country may be said responsible for harassing the kissans . so that a new party namely all india kissan-mazdoor party should be made by agriculture people for flushing out corporated based politicians by democratic votes .
salute to governor meghalaya
good report
anti bjp channel
ayush sinha is like modern day general dyer who opened lathi charge .
shame on bjp government
love farmers # condemn inhumane act of sdm ayush sinha
jaisa naam vaisa hai kaam i like the way you opined freely without any hesitation took side of farmers ... salute sir .
this governor is a people governor . he was in goa n always with the goan people . since he was against the government anti people laws . he has been transferred . but the people of goa will always be remembered him . thank you your excellency n god bless you .
go back bjp government from india
because of his bravenss , he was taken out of kashmir
solute to mr governor
this governor is too good even in goa he handled very well , but in goa ruling govt immediately transferred him . malik saab hats off .
j eh kithay day lok baaghi ho haye ta'n teesi day ber jharhan gay .. jidda'n kharhku lehr vaari hoya c . ( if the people of this area become baghi , then people at the helm of power will have to pay a huge price ) ..
satpal malik you are great we know you as governer jk i from kargil ladakh
the police are instructed to break the heads of the poor farmers who came to voice their rights through protest . instructions given not to let one farmer escape . attack and make sure you break their heads , dont let anyone escape . thats exactly what the police did . how lawless can the evil government be . how cruel can they be . what level of evil can they go to . how much more hurt and pain do they want to shower on their people . its heartbreaking to see for the past few years the intimidation and injustice showered on the people of bharat . its harnakhas doing it all again . vishnu will come to kill these few harnakhas that are ruling bharat . its not long to wait .
the only governors in india whos speaking the truth and have the guts to speak the truth . all governors wanna please their master in order to keep their positions but not this governor he know his dignity , salute to him
sdm gaves wrong order he must say shoot him jai hind
sorry governor you are absolutely wrong . i am with the sdm .
how does one justify such treacherous sdm defecating his position , calling out such brutality against citizens , still being paid tax payers money to sustain him in his employment ? may god judge him .
very courageous and fair statement by the governor meghallya
in most corrupted , polluted infected communal anti farmer country in the world , god jesus died 4 ur sins n arose frm tomb on the 3rd day , trust him u r sure in heaven . c easter in google ..
they only want to portray sikhs in the wrong light and give sikhs a bad name , similar to what doordarshan did in 1984 ! ! ! why havent they showed up protesters ? ?
why dont you correct your caption and say " the sikh farmers are being targeted left right and center , we know the truth , this is 2020 , god bless cell phones ! !
clearly , the government has no shame , no humanity & no morals .
govt . call water canons to wash farmer's tractor ... ab delhi door nahi ...
the media will never cover the full story ... just the clash ... never the pains of the farmers , old , young , men , women , every farmer is there ... who likes to be violently splashed with cold water in winters ? ? ? not me ! ! not these farmers ! ! these are poor people who just realised their power and right in unity ... ! ! may god help them fulfilling their noble ... purpose ! !
we support our farmers ... they are food givers ... we all should support them ...
madam its not interesting .
bjp must read history before messing with punjab
" the ignorance of the oppressed is strength of the oppressor " - a . r bernard
mind begs the question : if a pm / government build concentration camps pass evil laws sinisterly nazism rebirth , no ?
farmers asked for water to fight drought and they gave them this way
now they will know power of common people .
itni force aur power pakistan , china pe lagate na to hamare jawan saheed na hote
govt . is done very sad things with farmers ... rip democracy
only congress ruled states protesting ? is it really a farmers problem or congress misguiding these people ?
bjpj mindwash techniques & hiding techniques can fail here as every indian's father or grandfather was a farmer ? ? ?
kim jong modi is a dictator
shame on bjp government
bad government ...
is india still a democratic country , if it's citizens have no right to protest peacefully or to go their capital to get their voices heard . shameful .
oh no . i feel bad for them . they cant even protest on their own land
dont sell any thing to adani or ambani , store and sell it when rate are better .
meanwhile godi media : they are terrorists
modi and amitshah should be sentenced to prison for farmers and soldiers death
bjp will be wiped out soon as people / citizen's have now realised the truth / such ... stop evm soon bjp will start running with chadi's down ... chaukidar + tadepar + yogi paisa khaye hum teen hamare teen ambani + adani + lalla ramdev ... paisa diya chaukidar + tadepar ko ... desh ko bech ke barbad kar diya ... ban / stop evm in india soon then bjp will start running with chadi ... bjp will be wiped out soon as people / citizen's have now realised the truth / such ... chaukidar + tadeepar hum do hamare teen ambani + adani + lalla ramdev se ... paisa khaya chaukidar + tadepar + yogi ... isiliye bjp bagav desh bachao ... jai jawan jai kissan jai bhart jai maharashtra
sab pareshan hai modi sarkar se government employees , farmers , students
they have been paid by politicians to destroy their own crops . real farmer will never do something of this sort .
a real farmer doesn't do this type of protest . this is all political parties scam about face farmer
governor shab , all are yours , just like yours family members , help them
all these political dramas are fine but when will we sikhs become brave enough to admit the truth that our gurughar our home is not indian punjab , and that we belong to lahore in pakistan , which is the kingdom of maharaja ranjit singh , who was our forefather known as the lion of punjab ( sher-e-punjab ) . nankana is the birthplace of guru nanak the founder of sikhism . so , for how long will our homeland keep calling us ? ? ? come on brave brothers let us move back home to lahore , pakistan . forget india . lets go our real , historical , guru-granted home : lahore , pakistan . raj karega khalsa . i repeat , brave sikh brothers , let us never forget that the real home of sikhs granted by our guru and the capital of sher-e punjab is lahore and not india . indian punjab belongs to punjabi , bihari , madrasi and all indians but lahore belongs to sikhs alone .
governor satyapal malik was a very straight forward personality . always support the truth . god bless u satyapalji .
right sir
great governor
satya pal malik ji honourable governor is trespassing in some other state which should be condemned . sorry he is acting like a loose cannon . is he a governor sahab or a petty poltician ... something brewing up there .
crush their skulls ... they are not farmers .. just political motivators
* ll professions are equally important ... farmers is just like another profession . there is no need to put them on a pedestal . some people quote them as andh datta & that without farmers there will be no food . and as such must support them . what if there were no doctors , nurses , frontliners ; many would hv died during this pandemic what if there were no jawans , police & security personal ; there would be anarchy . what if there were no bankers , money lender ... ; there would financial system will collapse . etc , etc ... bottom line everyone is *
we pay our highest tributes to the participants of kisan andolan in karnal , haryana . may god protect them with his mercy and grace . they are fighting and struggling for their fundamental rights . may god bless them with dignified success . praying for all kissan andolan participants , wherever they are struggling in india . watching from new york , u . s . a .
thanks ndtv for bringing us comments from meghalya chief minister . watching from new york , u . s . a .
long-live satyapal malik . sir we feel proud of you . greetings from new york , u . s . a .
this honorable man has spine may u live a long healthy life sir
your excellency , you are a true leader of india .
cbi should keep watching on bjp leaders so that they may not run out from india after sailing the govt sectors & property to 2 private corporators .
baap h baap ... sdm h ... koi governor ni .. hdaiyan tuti well done by haryana police first time ..
absolutely truth khttar is just trying to make the protest violent
very right governor sir .
this old man is gone mad .
has he ever read sc judgement on blocking of roads for agitation . he means to say that cm and all ministers should stop work and sit in their homes . he should first resign from the post he is holding and then open his trap
great person ! ! malik ji you really deserves our praises
the governor malik requires requires a sale of the nation for standing with right .
very courageous and fair statement of the governor meghalyaa
left hand is beating and right hand has come to sympathize .
very straight statement of honble satya pal malik ji .
well he is the governor
no governor is expected to involve in politics
andbahkt khana bolenge roti thode goon khate hai
great to hear this from a governer ! hope a few more come out and speak against this brutality !
salute u sir atleast you are only person who condemned on wrong
good comments by honourable governor
governer sahib bohat achhe bole insanyet zinda he
he has dare to speak the truth and stand for it .
thanks for your solidarity of public and actor and actress and sports person . please help one another regardless of caste and religion and language and race . i stand with farmers rights . long live the farmer . farmers nonviolent protest against bill . govt should listen to farmers . please scarp new farmer law . no farmers and no food
it's time we protect our nation from these propagandists and leave no mercies coz security of the nation comes prior to anything . it's time to crush the anti-national movements that comes in the way of national integration . sar katta sakte hai lekin sar jhukka sakte nhi . apne azadi ko hum hargiz gawa sakte nhi . inn pakistanis pelluwos ko hum chutki mei mitta jayeinge . inki kya aukat kih hamare iss mahan bharat desh ki buri nazar se dekhe , jo nazar humare mahaan desh pe uthne se pehele se hi bushk jaye . it's time govt . leave no stones unturned to protect the nation from these enemies of the nation . wake up fellow country men , it's time to save the nation .
i support my annadata . boycott godi media bollywood shit actors adani ambani products .
really sad situation ... so much suffering ... in this weather and horrible conditions ...
modi-shah working for corporates
ye hindu nahi kaale angrez hian hoshiyar ho jawo hindu muslim ke naam par loot rahe hian evm hat jaaye chale jayenge abhi nambar sabka aayega ek ek kar ke
thank god , the opposition is scared and , are still silent and not demanding the pm and hm to step down ..
petrol price please ? has the govt built 100 smart cities ? where is the bullet train ? when m i getting 15lakhs in my account ? where the swiz bank black account punished ? what did govt did with the return of black money ? is govt providing 2croces of job every year ? what happened to make in india initiative ? why skill india became kill india ? why is gdp - 23 ( minus 23 ) how many countries have invested in india ? what happened to farmers , why r they protesting ? did we bring back poker and cok ? will now china leave assam to us ? how many new universities , colleges , schools , govt hospitals , railway track were brought into existence ? what happened to bsnl ? where is bjp chor vijay malya , that gujarathi merchant nirav modi were they punished ? what is indian rupee value in world ? did petrol price come down ? have the roads been developed ? how many new roads were built by bjp ? did indian defense improve ? can india now dare to challenge china and beat pakistan and china ? answer is a big no no ... what bjp did ? destroyed india more than china and pakistan could to get do ... shamless bjp
dumb farmers
from when did we start asking for permission to protest in india ! ! !
like chakka jaam this was flop as well railway said negligible effect of railroko for this protest dumb protest based on lies and misleading information now it's a joke
modi want import candian / auatralian / american agricultures.dal/ rice'wheat ... amabani ready to import
what is 4 hours going to achieve , it shows a lack of commitment . . trains in india are over 4 hours late anyway :d
full support to farmers demand of msp .
this is matter of govt and farmers there is no need to distrub normal citizen of india , what we have done , govt is calling for discussion on farmer law but they are not going ,
can anyone tell - can punjab government legalise msp in their state ?
repeal those laws save farmers dont crush village economy
they are not farmers . actually they are terrorist .
don't obstruct common people , they didn't made the laws . we support farmers but only common man is getting hindered , ministers are still unaffected .
capitalization of market is needed ... leftist are a problem of india even their communist father china's economy is a capitalize economy
this is no protest . this is terrorism .
<url> tribute to farmers
it's like fighting behind the women really congo my administration #kisanektazindabad
i stand with farmers
govt cannot suppress the voice of farmers jai jawan jai mazdoor kisan
they are not from haryana . they are from punjab , just roaming around everywhere and protest . they are abusing in pind punjabi . the punjabi community in haryana is a business community and the punjabi they speak is different .
lallantop social media innocents murder plan 2021 from lahore
long live revolution
corporates ,
third wave is coming
purush kishan he thy to phir mahila police q thi wahan
it appears that now police and administration is worse than that of the english .
we stand with farmers forever
no food no farmers
halla bole ... with farmers
they are goons in the dress of farmers .
we were slave not to the british but to the own policemen who were indians but had joined british duty . they had sold their conscience . we lost many leaders to those soldiers . jalia wala bagh happened because our indians in british uniforms fired at us , though they could oppose .
lalantop kitna me bika . up violence par ek reporting nahi . india ko afganistan banane me jut gaye hai log . media isme supportive hai .
vampanthi ko maro gnd tod toh inhein vampanthi dallo
nice information
all information is fake that u gave farmers will become slaves in their fields that the people of our nation will be slave . all in the end we all are below poverty line than live your life with 15000 salary with 300 kg per vegetables . thankyou
punjabi kisan andolan sirf dalal log chala rahe hai . they dont care if maharashtra or karnataka kissan does suicide . desh adolan dekhaney key liye yeh naam adani-ambani ka ley rahe hai . asli issue par facts nahi rakh rahe .. kaanooon wapas lene to humney sansaad nahi bheja parliaments ko na ? ? ? its their job and we want this law to be strictly followed . india need to move on to the next level and compete with other countries like bangladesh , china which sell better fabrics , clothes and cheaper than india . ho sakta hai yeh punjabi kisaan adolan is funded by china + pakistan to stop india's growth .
<url> importance of food and farmers .
its a protest of the people not any government or political party .
comment section full of congress lovers
useful information for today's situations better understanding
bhai kuch accha bhe bta dete ... bss bkchodi krke chl diye ... #shame on indian media #
south mein bhi virodh ho raha hai
rip narender singh tomar
plz support my we are farmers . from punjab
r u crazy ... every state is doing ...
west bengal mai v protest ho raha hai
because we know what is happening here adani start his godowns in punjab we are blind followers of modi
it looks like that lallantop seen news from aaj tak republic india and other godi media
indian media is stuck on weed thats why they are not talking about farmers . but actually protests are erupting in all parts of the country
<url> watch this video you'll know why we're protesting
baagi jamidar official song <url>
punjab haryana me log active h agriculture me d thora political matter bhi h .
farmers in european union , usa , canada etc.receive billions of dollars every year in subsidies from their respective governments . i request the lallantop to make a video on this topic , quoting actual figures .
farmer r angry everywhere just wait and watch
you have wrong information ... 1 - without mandi there is no payment security 2 - the rate of crops are down after that ordinance ( wheat rate this year is 1400 as compared to 1800 last year this month
kagana be like : these farmers are terrorist as they are protesting against our beloved pm modi
inferior government of india
* ll professions are equally important ... farmers is just like another profession . there is no need to put them on a pedestal . some people quote them as andh datta & that without farmers there will be no food . and as such must support them . what if there were no doctors , nurses , frontliners ; many would hv died during this pandemic what if there were no jawans , police & security personal ; there would be anarchy . what if there were no bankers , money lender ... ; there would financial system will collapse . etc , etc ... bottom line everyone is *
they r not farmer .. now farmer in doing their job . they r anti social
haryana govt no less than taliban . this sdm should be suspended
how a such responsible person could give this sort of order . they are just farmers sahab # not terrorist .
first police used language and force . khatar gutter liar . this is not the first d . m . at a marriage recently in uttar pradesh the d . m . misbehaved with the common people
news channels are insulting farmers . why you says farmers to gundas .
very good action by police .
dismiss the ias
all congress paid agents not farmers farzi kisan andolan
who has given order to dm ...
lathi charge hogaya ... bhadiya hai ... bohot din se pending tha farmers time waste kar rahe the bihot din se ...
ayushsinha ( sdm karnal ) sheer abuse of his power . how could you give such ruthless orders , where you are openly asking the police to lathi charge on head . a civil servant should be like a bridge between the government and the farmers .
this bjp govt . has no right to continue as govt .
shame of bjp govt .
this bjp govt . should be dismiss
filed case against this culprit police
protester are congress party worker
satyamev jayate annadatas families of shaheeds and soldiers vijayi bhav jai jawan jai kisan jai hind
cm should apologise and resign immediately . barbaric
who protesters are not a farmer they're congress party person . the formers list should be taken how participate in the strick . real formers can not do strick long time . all protesters list should taken and find real formers .
they are paid coolies not farmers maintenned by opposition
shame on this magistrate for such behaviour . haryana government has become shameless backing such action .
let pray for farmers recovery soon
fell bad for those poor farmers beaten up only because they got trapped by their fake leader dakait ! ! who has some poltical agenda ! !
god how sick r these farmers and their protesting good god indians can u people grow a patriotic spine
there will be famine if it continues ... so govt must do something soon .. hi , sowing of grains is about to start soon
it is clear police is supports bjp paid rss goons
good more farmers have come forward happy to see them united
what d hell is going on in this country realy feeling sad for these farmers i request more an more people please living close by come to help our farmers .
our farmers need more support ... all farmers across india shud join protesting farmers
show farmers beaten by police to death
ndtv u r the worst channel give fake news . shame on you
pakistan wants n this chaddi goberment is making it happen .. wah modishahrss wah
so shameful on our delhi police ! ! ! shame on delhi police ! like seriously ! ? ?
pm and hm are not capable to run india , they should resign
if farmers fail , it will be end of democracy .
amit shah is violating human rights by stopping drinking water
this is not violence ... this is one sided attack to single guy ... protesters remain in peace ...
i don't respect delhi police ... but many are bound to there duties so we understand there pain and the higher officials ka kehna hi kya h padhe likhe toppers h ye ... ab bezzati nhi ho rhi ? ? andh bhakts 2 meters door pan thoke comments me apne man ki gandagi na failaye ...
shame on india ... i am ashamed that i have ever called myself an india
police , hand in glove with goons
will he cry for 350 police men injury because of his provoking speech . so far he has not spoken about this . crying for his personal glory to enter polictics .
india is now divided into two types of people , one wants freedom and the other wants slavery to corporates .
shame on pm modi messed up whole country
without knowing advantage . nobody has right to stop this law . nobody have no right to block or comment about this law . if you like go for contract - if not - don't block for other farmers - who may be intrested after reading advantage - or already doing - with agitation . - it is a crime
now delhi police dont need to file case on those locals . or anyone else dont want to say this needs to stop .
all this is because adani and ambani want to make more money and make every starve
luckily this police man escaped from this bjp goondas . police allowed these rss / bjp goondas thinking that they will not attack them . only if police also attacked then only amit shah could put the blame on congress and rahul . this is the same plan they adopted during north east delhi riots by attacking hindus , hindu's houses , hindu's run school and hindu temple also . then only people could be easily fooled and play " blame game on muslims or sikhs " . this is the strategy and attack plan from " gujarat model ' modi and amit shah are familiar with . at delhi they have manoj tiwary , kapil mishra and anurag thakur to execute such violence and riots . they will arrange locally and from haryana and u . p . from where m . l . khattar and yogi will arrange goons from rss , bajrangdal and vhp .
when you beat unarmed farmers mercilessly there is bound to be a backlash ! ! ! why so surprised ! ! !
police joining mob , pathetic
all the party who support the farmers need to show them and support coming from home farmers they dont to be deserve this torture
police are with them goons . farmers they need to prepared of anything .
this is what modi wants.alas !
modi underestimated sikhs power , no talks will work . only solution khalistan .
how can the group of 200 people reach their without being stopped by the police ? this is the same police who protects the rapist !
good if he really did it to the cop god be with farmers
one more pulwama type conspiracy , modi hy tu mumkin hy , kill all those bjp-rss goons , if dalli police also killed nobody can blame farmers , its now or never , get rid of bjp-rss
police man kinda deserves it .
don't politicize with group of community
our prime minister is a shame to india !
where is lokpal bill
this is the police that use to protect rape accused and now clashing with farmers who are asking for justice
when 50 police man beat u what will u do in self defence ...
oh my goodness ... the pm of india does not want to have a haircut and trimming of his beard he is waiting from his ' baba ' to give him indication when it can be done or he is missing trump
bjp destroying democracy in this country
ndtv bhakts showing sympathy fo farmer but no one till now said a good word about that injured police man instead they are blaming police man ! ! wahh randitv bhakts
many farmers are seriously injured and one is even shot dead by police
time to remove modi by force
pak is happy to c this ... fight india fight ... good
* bjp = congress . * * support arvind kejriwal , kanhaiya kumar . * * save nation . *
its sad and heartbreaking .
show the full clip where sikh defended himself with sword . he was lynched on camera .
bjp has been giving knickerwalas police jobs since 2014 . police force is now almost full of 50 % sanghis .
we must tell godi media sponsors to stop sponsoring fascists false narrative godi media channels . otherwise , we the people will stop buying products which appear on godi media . this is the only way to stop divisive forces who are running propaganda through media . we can't fund our own destruction by buying those products .
they are not locals they are rss goons attacking the farmers
president is really big shame to this country biased towards bjp
actual truth is that , delhi police was not there to protect farmers but were escorting bjp / rss sanghi goons . sanghi goons were beating farmers alongside police . when farmers try to retaliate against sanghi goons then police come in their defence .
why our president can't even give a speech without a hand written speech .. i really miss sir apj abdul kalam
ndtv gives true news hats of to you .
11 percent growth because if fell down to 21 percent
those goons attacked farmers
godi media is a shame to india worldwide . 21st century disaster .
i cried when all state cops beat that sikh hero and they say nothing to gundas
why is this law required ... who asked for it ... it is directing corporates to oppress farmers ...
cm khattar does not remember in democracy people have universsl right to protest . government is only by the people for the people .
take the farm laws back .. drama is enough
protest solutions .. change protest krna bnta ... funding chal rhi hai bs election kosis . yogi developmental kr issue me latak .. hmare india me yhi 6 me elections .. one nation one election kyu ni krte ho .
to protect humanity every state autonomy for not corruption we will form a new country united-states-of-india
a good leader does not do what others want him to do , he does what is right .
farm laws need serious modifications
farmer's hota toh sunta na farmers ha thodai voilance krna walo ko farmes ka nam mat dijya ya farmer's ke hi disrespect ha
water crisis is enough reason to make any big amendment . can't take it lightly .
now if bjp withdraw the laws it will set the example of a weak government that doesn't deserve to rule india
bjp should not repeal farm law , it will lose its hardcore supporters
librandus please tell farmers that these farm laws are manifestation of farm bill 2003 made by congress party . hypocrisy ki bhi sima hoti hai yarr .
believe me this farm bill will changed the entire hell system of agriculture . this thing oppostion knows and thats why they are opposing it . please support kisan bills .
panchayat election soon
u are not khattar u are khatara so shut ur mouth and get ur propaganda inside ur party .
ispe bharosha karna impossible hai ye wahi aadmi hai jisne kuch din phle bola tha ek din me 2 lakh vaccine use mat karo fast vaccination mat karo bjp has most uneducated ministers who flood people from last 5 years
all khap or jat community people protect against bjp jjp govt . rather than .. all msp above purchase done in last two season ... how a comman man purchase has been done on govt or farmer based .. common man always remain papu in this case
ohh really , those r not even farmers .. the real farmers r in their field , working hard , and earning lot more than they use to earn previously , they r thanking the new farm laws .. if they r farmers , they r not working in the field , protesting 24/7 , for 200 days , how they r getting money . how they r feeding their families ... i'll say you how ... they r soldiers of congress party , they have been manipulated and are paid by congress ...
now it's a special backwards class people agenda ... because they don't want non jat cm in haryana ... for coming years .. only jat cm.can silent them ... it's a truth of haryana history ... last 60 years .. if such incidents happened with such manner my be they never protect against govt for a single days .
the most useless leader after modiji
khattar tone has changed , looks like election is coming .
farmers protest is based on fear and rumours .
come on yeah once covid is almost down here comes farmers in politics i don't know is govt trying to hide something big always there's some issues for media no calm days
good to have such cm in haryana . talking to the point .
i was against the farm laws till govt agreed for amendment
before lagooing no one in chaiwallahs tapri is listening , after the lagoo , they will go deaf , dumb and blind , morcha kar raha hai , karney do , hak hai inlogoka
impossible to trust a guy who says vaccine shortage is due to fast vaccination
in these farm laws one thing is clear that is why people of india vote for this is what we are thinking from last few years the vote bank of icici and construction industry in a row and they have best bowling in a row and they have best bowling in a row and they have best actor for his country if you don't like his movies then you are not good leaders our next pm should be a good competion for indian restaurant and the world you have so much sympathy and the world you have so much sympathy for sreesanth behaviour
sensible things to say
i call this ambush and bullying indian farmers
1 . the three farm bills are already in place and working fine as of now and they are part of congress , bjp , ncf parties 2019 election manifesto . ex farmer minister of ncp and present congress chief minister of punjab also supported the same reforms in the past . now all oppositon parties change their stand and making farmers scape goat . 2 . post dialogue with farmers and govt , on december 9th clarified with 10 point amendment that all the doubts farmers posed and will be tabled in next session of parliament . but protesting farmers unions change stand after dec 9th and want full repeal . 3 . in 2019 farmers can't sell their produced rice / wheat / vegetables etc out side of the district or county and cant sell to any one outside of the apmc market yards / mandis and farmer has to pay 8.5 percent fees ( 3 % to market yard improvement , 3 % to district development , 2.5 % to licensed commision agents ) . in some markets they collect both from seller and buyer each 8.5 % . these new 2020 farm laws allows farmers to sell to any where in india to any one . no restriction . it is upto local government to charge needed cess or fees . 4 . in 2019 only 10 % of total agriculture produce ( mainly wheat and rice ) was bought by government agency fci ( food corporation of india as a stockpile for emergeny security ) . 85 % was purchased by private buyers . in 2019 only 15 % of produce of total agriculture was purchased at minimum support price ( msp ) and rest was purchased at lower price . till 2010 the minimum support price was lower than the international price of the goods . after 2010 the minimum support price was increased higher than international price and no exporter is buying at msp except govt agency and all godowns of fci agency are full with 4.5 trillion tonnes of wheat and rice . 5 . who is at loss due to this farm bills of 2020 are a . punjab state governments who charge 3 % cess for district developement will loose around 15000 millions ( 1500 crores ) indian rupees per year income . b . the punjab licensed commision agents ( who are mainly punjabi sikh jat caste landlords ) who get 2.5 % charge per transaction thro markets will loose 1000 crores ( 10000 million ) rupees per year only in punjab state . c . other than punjab and haryana no other state charge district fees and market cess and they charge only commision agent fees . some states there are no markets / mandis like in kerala ( since 1980 ) and bihar ( since 2008 ) . 6 . the funding for protest is happening by charging 500 rupees per farmer . 80 % farmers own only less than 2 hectres / 5 acre land . 7 . the foreign punjab seperatist / secissionist group sikh for justice announced 1 millon dollars as donation and indian banks stoped the distribution asking account holder to show fcra ( foreign control regulatory ) registrants for permission 8 . all want farm reforms . punjab and haryana farmers unions want to repeal and rest of indian country farmers are happy that they can sell anywhere . i think if central / union govt gives that 1500 crores to punjab govt per year and 1000 crore to punjab commision agents it will stop .
so peaceful by so-called farmers aka khalistanis .
we have to demand resignation of mp s government false then bill will be false some body have to voice against resignation of mp s and also mlas
vwe have to know that anti-farmer sentiment was being spread among people for decades . it is not a new phenomenon . the very gruse against farmers emanates from the bureaucrats . these bureaucrats claim that farmers do not pay taxes . and government officials have been paying taxes compulsorily because their salaries are paid publicly . now let us see what farmers pay to the government . farmers pay rs . 16,600 crore tax annually on purchase of pesticides . rs . 3800 crore on purchase of fertilizers . rs . 4,500 crore on purchase of tractors . total of these taxes works out to rs . 24,500 crore per anum . in addition farmers pay about rs . 10,000 crore on purchase of farm implements such as pumpsets , micro irrigation systems etc . then it can be seen that about rs . 35,000 core is paid to the exchequers of states and central govt annually . whereas central govt had been subsidizing farm sector to the tune of rs . 1,20 , 000 crore only . in addition respective states waive off farm loans to the tune of rs . 200,000 annually . and it is interesting to note that on an average india provides $ 48 (= rs . 3600 / - ) per farmer as agricultural subsidy annually . where as america provides $ 7000 ( = rs . 5,25 , 000 / - ) subsidy per farmer . total subsidy by indian governments is rs . 3,20 , 000 crore (= $ 42 billion ) . surprisingly indian government garners $ 40 billion annually from farm exports . usa provides $ 132 billion (= rs . 9,63 , 600 crore ) to its farmers annually . usa also gets income from farm exports to the tune of $ 132 billion annually.usa provides $ 132 billion (= rs . 9,63 , 600 crore ) to its farmers annually . value of farm produce in india and the usa are same in dollar terms - $ 130 billions . by the way let us also know how much other countries subsidize their agriculture . china $ 212 billion , indonesia : $ 28 billion , japan : $ 65 billion . from this information we can easily understand why grains in international markets are cheaper when compared to that of india . heavy agricultural subsidies by usa and other countries is the main reason for less production costs in other countries . instead of increasing farm subsidies india is trying to handover agricultural lands to foreign companies who have lots of advantages like subsidies from their governments . and also availability of loans at zero interest .
support modi and lock up the mob !
why dont people understand it that mitrooo was the biggest mistake
khalistan is only solution for punjab ,
right thing to do with khattar . full support
today is the dirtiest government in the world . the bjp government should shoot humans
this treatment awaits modi .
bjp the most undemocratic political party in the world . now khattar faater have started to sense that his seat is in danger and trying everything to save his own images and projecting as pro farmers .
thanks to ndtv and india today for offtracking farmer and brainwashing them negatively against govt .
for more information ... visit my channel . a successor for all media
once a legend said modi is a gift for pakistan , he will destroy india with his own hands
great bjp
are they reallly a farmers it is all orchestrated
terrorists are really very active in this country ... those who ransacked the venue should have been shot dead
vaccination or any medication main purpose is to control the disease and protection against disease . before it gets rolled out in public , scientific experts make sure it has no harsh side effects and its efficacy is maximum possible about 95 % or more . then its tried on small group of people to see how effective it is and changed and adjusted if required . why no agriculture experts and stake holders are not consulted before launching these 3 new farm laws . commission of agriculture of cost & pricing a govt department ( cacp ) issue msp for 23 essential crops since last many decades , why govt of india not making msp as law for implementation . why this loop hole for exploitation ? why forcefully and without consultation of stake holders these 3 new laws pushed by bjp modi govt . will you take any vaccination or medication which is just prepared by governing political party in consultation with corporate family friends ? just because bjp and modi govt saying its good ? why agricultural experts and stake holders not involved to deliver good farm reform while keeping benefits of farmers in mind . 70 % population is linked with agriculture , and protesting since june 2020 , why govt is forcefully want to inject this 3 new farm bill medication to 70 % population of indias farmer , where farmers saying we dont need it . farmers saying if govt really wanted to do something then should make long awaited msp as law for 23 essential crops as per cacp govt department .
bjp is about to finish soon . its the beginning
sorry cm too little to late
if farmers are not allowed then to whom he was going to tell benifits of farm law ?
very good response for present failure government
brokers protest upi screams
this is anarchy . as a cm of a state , he has the right to reach out to his people and explain the benefits . in this situation , the modi govt is taking the correct approach . this debate should go to sc . let sc announce an expert committee . let the farm laws be reviewed by all farm unions , across india & other stakeholders , within 6 months . based on the recommendation , the gov will bring an amendment to the existing law or re-introduce a new bill .
modi messed up with wrong ppl ... farmers
to hell with the cm of haryana
it seems the protesting farmers are clueless and don't have the authority to decide . the power to decide lies else where .
why r they are co cruel
bjp government down down
end time is near to bjp government
in kashmir they use ak47 against locals
the modi-led bjp government is in a dictatorship , with pro-pm organizations , especially adani and ambani , ruining the country .
beginning of winning ...
indian provinces should have more powers than the central government for india to stabilize politically .
all of this must start across india bjp led modi government's is the most undemocratic government's in the last 73 years .
hmmm .. this is what happens when you don't read the chapters of revolution in you class ... then again did they even go to class ... when people rise empires crumble ...
when democracy treats as in a dictator ideology the public take stand there own .
no single video from zee
indian govt is a terrorist racist govt of the rss bjp
unite , speak up against injustice , unemployment , rights . save democracy save constitution . live for humanity help needy . jai bharat jai hind jai kisaan jai jawanthankyou very much for showing on ground reality of governance . request government to build more hospitals for better health system .
it was not panchayat , it was paid bjp workers brought from outside of the village . people in punjab nd haryana , don't let uninvited people enter in their villages .
great next time feku pm should be kicked out .
the ballot and our wallet are the two most powerful weapons we ever have to bring down the enemy buy and support local businesses , products and produce only . buy from your local small shops . tell your family and friends ... jai bhim ! ! ! jai kisan ! ! ! jai kisan ! ! ! jai kisan ! ! !
farm protest is a world wide grass roots movement and has turned into revolution in india . every one knows these 3 black bills for ambani / adani and will increase ultimately food prices for every one and make farmers into labour anybody labeling farmers is a anti_nationalist
only one solution .. khalistan zindabad
this is stupid , i mean there are similar laws in south even before the farm bills were introduced , and we dont have an issue . what the heck is wrong with these few states
o my god pardon me for voting bjp in last elections on the promise of badal now , supporting the kissans i have disconnected my own home cable connection to stop listening aungraje , godi media and anti-farmers channels on tv .
when justice is on your side no one can stop you support farmers
these are anarchists . time for calling their bluff . farm laws are just an alibi . aim is to undermine the very nation .
the people should learn from this and think before election instead of selling the votes for money
why is government not realising the popular movement ? what a stupidity ! what an ego !
mr khachhar never uttered a single world that deserved him to be chief minister . he is most absurd person in politics when centre abolished article 370 ; his reaction was " now hariyanwi can go get a kashmiri women . it tell me he has no respect for women , whether they are at home or elsewhere in country . to protesting farmers he said they are khalistanis , and he is still cm .
now cm will not attend any events nor he will go for any events
i think bengal should cancel rally fr bjp
should bring every mp every mla .. out of there house . how do they come prior to elections .. with folding hands .. now time to break there hands
it is purely organized fake farmers protests by oppositions and traitors who are using mob violence in protest to repealed farm bill completely which wrong in democratic nation . it is not possible to pass any law or bill to benefit everyone in big democracy . same goes with this bill as well it can be not beneficial for smaller groups for small groups benefit cant harm majority benefits
why using teargas to farmers in a so called democratic country ?
farmers are backbone of india . why the govt doing this to them .
it is waste of oxygen
the best that has happened is this lathicharge ( that was overdue for more than 9 months ) of shameless rowdy farmers .
so you can destroy public property , block highways for months , rip the national flag from red fort - no less - , beat the law enforecment ; all in the name of " protests " . if this is not anarchy , what is ? !
17 same photo same person reporter calling it many what a hypocrisy .
jisne order diya iska khanna band kar do aur kheti karwao tab pata chalega the dismal condition of farmers in our country who are 58 % of the indian population
shame to say india is a democracy today ! why no criminal case charged against the criminal officer ?
wonder who gave the police the order to lathi charge the farmers
this police show is india democratic
next time think before vote .
finally after 1 year ... taken some action by govt ...
the republic taliban of india .
very shameful
govt wants to give the farmers land to their rich friends . .. ambani nd so on ..
" crack open the skulls of protesters , " the officer ! whither , and whither have abandoned decency , civilisation , courtesy , etiquette , public decorum , ... and such once everyone's characteristics ! some time ago an ias slapped a boy and hurled his mobile onto the road , yet another time , an officer barges into some wedding function and ... my god , have we bid ' alvida ' to our proud civilisation ? should baaboos toe the line of netaas ? regardless of the tense situation and unruly protesters , such stern instructions to the police could invariably force in the untoward happenings .
well deserved . indiscipline and disrupting has to b tackled this way . if the protests r undertaken in a peaceful , civilised way there is no issue
another massacre like jallian wala bag
remove is pant on the street .. let farmers see him like a thief
what crap
shameless officials . ... speaking so brutally to do brutality openly without any fear or restrictions ... they themself have no fear of the law they are supposed to implement
wow what a great democratic country india is ... such a shame to that ias officer ... is he serving to his country or politicians ...
jab ye job laga hoga to he must have said that he is a farmers son and aage jo ager ye election ladega to bolega that he is s farmers son.baki bich me jiski lathi uski bhes
these farji famers must be beaten up properly put then in jail bloody bastards
i dont like bad khattar nd haryana police is also very bad nd shamless guys in police , they dont care about farmers , now election are near so plz give ur vote to best nd kind heart person , who save our country
british raj officials ? or indipendent indian officials ?
this idiot officer needs promotion and money no humanity left in indian police and government proud to be sikh jai jawan jai kisan
good it's better all the police across the country become shameless ... we need to clear the roads blocked by those calling themselves farmers when they aren't ...
hit them hard
bjp using taliban style of force to silent people .
this officer means
not only in meghalaya .. the whole country police .. is terrorist ..
appreciate you guys for the genuine journalism , shame on govt
cruel government this needs to be changed . the district magistrate needs to be suspended
people who feed us are beaten and all rapists and murders are given x or y security . remember most of the people sitting in parliament are criminals .
ruthless fellows , they have forgotten that what ever they eat comes from our farmers , this is achee din , and gift for electing this fascist govt
haryana muncipal polls will decide if farmer laws are designed to benefit bjp or farmers .
so good to finally see the people responsible for 26 jan debacle finally being punished !
on field reports say up has already swung . bjp already know it . if this monetization pipeline nonsense doesn't work , ' 24 is gone as well . modi and shah will not be going back to gujrat on their two feet if they keep angering public like this .
very good addmistrative action
very bad treatment with farmers
this ias officer forgets he is public servant and his salary comes from public taxes and the food that he eats with his family comes from the farmers toils . shame on a educated ias officer who talks like a goonda . there are better ways to control crowd .
who will make these beurocrates realize that they are appointed to serve the people of nation ! !
even patience has a limit . what this stupid modi govt is trying to do has surpassed everything . it seems even judiciary is staggering to express itself on many issues of the govt . the only available mode is people's movement to resist the evils .
it is long overdue that all like-minded
i am sure , andhbhakts will even support this like savarkar supported british !
breaking the skull of farmers is like break the skull of your father who toils for you the people are watching you ...
wake up modi government or the day citizens decide no government can remain how capable the leader is ...
these are not farmers ... dacoits ..
boycott bjp akalis and congress
absolute power corrupts absolutely
first of all these are not farmers they are paid actors . farmers are actually the one who are waiting for to their crop get cultivated these are two face bitches
national highway block karna kisi bhi country main aloud nahi hai ye toh 9 months se chal raha hai
librandus and muslim donot want to go to afganistan .. thy are working on project to convert bharat into afganistan ..
does anyone now the name of the guy 3:06 in white shirt ?
shape of things to come ?
where are all the bjp people now ?
the jehadists , looking at this video - these people are gundas and should treat people peacefully . the jehadists looking at kashmiri sepratists - these people are fighting for a cause so its alright to do this
upsc ranked no . 7 what good is education , if this is what becomes of them . the goons he serves today , will one day won't hesitate to burn him & his family alive for their petty politics . what institutions will he knock & plead to for help then .
the police are instructed to break the heads of the poor farmers who came to voice their rights through protest . instructions given not to let one farmer escape . attack and make sure you break their heads , dont let anyone escape . thats exactly what the police did . how lawless can the evil government be . how cruel can they be . what level of evil can they go to . how much more hurt and pain do they want to shower on their people . its heartbreaking to see for the past few years the intimidation and injustice showered on the people of bharat . its harnakhas doing it all again . vishnu will come to kill these few harnakhas that are ruling bharat . its not long to wait .
shame on haryana police
how many crores kick back has indian prime minister , home minster and haryana sdm have got from their unlawful fathers adani & ambani for this brutal attack .
bjp rss is taliban of india
dose this magistrate not know of war crimes ( peaceful protesters in india in this case ) in the hague even the nazis general ( the magistrate giving the orders in this case ) and nazis soldiers ( the police in this case ) were bought there for thire crimes after nazis rule in germany .
good job , don't allow to block the national highways .
this is start of downfall of bjp . take my words ..
the congress is still speaking from hq , how many issues you need to wake up from slumber , the idiotic leadership in states is fighting for power the central leadership is sleeping , it seems we have part time opposition which dies not like to go on roads and streets , they do politics through social media , if after what happened in haryana today you cannot lead an agitation , protest for the resignation of haryana government , dismissal of home minister and filing cases against the dm , cm and hm of goi than forget being an alternate , in haryana you have 35 mla , a leader in hudda , surjewala , in punjab you have government with sidhu as pcc chief , on hp you are main opposition , in uttrakhand you are main opposition , in up you can command support ... but you have to get on streets , learn from gandhi , nehru how they used every opportunity to start a mass agitation ... get out from your homes , comfort zones ... organize , publicize , criticise and demand resignation and arrest ... in up cag has given you an issue bigger than fodder scam .. this is request please listen and seize your moment in history ...
quite shocking . ias fellow openly talking like dictator / british .
beating farmers is like beating your wn father its a very shameful act ...
this collector should be punished
arrogance at its peak
what about ambulance and emergency cases need to pass through toll ?
very good action by the govt . and police , these idle goons in the name of farmer protesters , needs to get lessons
somebody handover rocket launcher to this sdm so instead of hurting the farmers he can kill them at once ... we expect sensitivity towards people if you are civil servent but using of excessive force on unarmed civilians is horrible they are farmers not criminals ... this govt is so scared of mass public outrage that they can go to any extreme the day is not too far when you will see every person giving dharna in road because of price rise , unemployment , exploitation
dm should be fired / suspended . sala ethics bech kagaya .
today typical example to supress people voice just like communalism in china even dm today said .. sar phod do if protestor comes forward .. in future they may say .. . goli maar do .. this sdm does not deserve to be public servant .. why he forget his oath that we people of india not enemies .. mera bharat mahan 100 me se 99 baiman
this is how you study ethics for upsc to become an ias and order to break skull .
communists and congress party creating havoc in the country spreading lies and hatred .. amrinder is a traitor
few groups of farmers protesting doesn't represent a broader representation of farmers of the nation . this indicates that farmer's are happy with the new law .
death of democracy
its not just about farmer laws . protest is for human rights ! ! basics constitutional rights ! ! the right to say " no " and not be raped by the corporate elite of india ! ! only in the world's largest fake democracy the citizens don't have any right ! ! the right to protest is an after thought and only puppets " gandhi " are allowed to protest peacefully
deuteronomy 31:6 and 33:27 , " be strong and of a good courage , fear not , nor be afraid of them : for the lord thy god , he it is that doth go with thee ; he will not fail thee , nor forsake thee . the eternal god is thy refuge , and underneath are the everlasting arms : and he shall thrust out the enemy from before thee ; and shall say , destroy them . " romans 12:19 , " dearly beloved , avenge not yourselves , but rather give place unto wrath : for it is written , vengeance is mine ; i will repay , saith the lord . " revelation 14:7 , " saying with a loud voice , fear god , and give glory to him ; for the hour of his judgment is come : and worship him that made heaven , and earth , and the sea , and the fountains of waters . " revelation 6:15- 17 , " and the kings of the earth , and the great men , and the rich men , and the chief captains , and the mighty men , and every bondman , and every free man , hid themselves in the dens and in the rocks of the mountains ; and said to the mountains and rocks , fall on us , and hide us from the face of him that sitteth on the throne , and from the wrath of the lamb : for the great day of his wrath is come ; and who shall be able to stand ?
if haryana and center has problem with punjab build a wall with punjab.punjabis are ready
only ndtv showing news of protest on the other hand the other main stream media busy in chakring modi govt
shameful haryana govt and haryana police
mind begs the question : if a pm refuses to face peoples questions , gives only speeches , monologues , sign of - democracy , dictatorship ?
haryana govt against freedom of movement
go for it stand up for your riots farmers are awaking
covid is only for protesters not for election rallies ..
bjp ruled states are trying to suppress the voice of the farmers , is it ?
bjp's new level of haramipan .. now you are not allowed to go anywhere without modi g's permission .. plzz vote bjp again and again plzzzzzzzzz ...
what bjp is doing very cruel .. they will pay for there mistake .
we're still doing the ps5 giveaway ! all you have to do is be subscribed ! !
jo udghatan ho rahe he online karo
from same #aajtak #dalalmedia shame on you . it so simple for you to say it just a prevention act arre khul ke bolo batao that they are not farmers apni ashliyt dikha do
bhot achhe
kattar sala chor chor
you will not live stream it on main stream media you only edit it with photo
shame on bjp
farmer protest is still going on ... para hi nhi tha ... covid protocol toroge to police pitegi hi ... na ki chummi degi
cm ke program me 500 se jyada people aaye the tab corona nhi tha kya ? ?
well done haryana police do right work.sidha goli mero in kutto ki .
police should attack them from behind ..
kisano pr lathi nhi golo chlni chaie ... kyunki wo kisan hain hi nhi ... bc kisano ka naam leke saare congress wale aur jaat apno rajniti kr rhe hain ... kitne beshrm ho tum lallantop walon ... kya ghtiya biased title diya hai ... 20 police wale ghayal hain , jisme 5 women hain ... aur tum in gundo ki trfdari kr rhe ho
kisan k hakk k liye pucho tooh lathi charge , vaccine k liye pucho tooh jail . #achedinn
police wale music
ayush sinha kaha gya .. why not talk to him directly . kissan should go to ayush house and sort out with him .. he is public's servant after all .
excellent channel , always should be honest and impartial
like , veer-zaara , story for jrntr sir , in youtube , type , kondeti productions
completely wrong reporting by ndtv shameful
very gud reporting
i have largely supported the policies of this government . i even support the new farm laws . though it requires a little bit of tweaking . but labelling our farmers to traitors is the biggest disservice anyone can do . they are our anna dattas . there place will always be at the top .
thanks to modi-bjp , plenty of food fun and drinks .. punjabis are partying not protesting . no farmer suicides or deaths or bailouts or subsidies ... no bank losses , no economic impacts . before farm laws : dalal is king after new farm laws : farmer is king
india need to muslim regime again . otherwise this beautiful country will be divided soon . indian rss hindus are asian israel ..
what privates are and further corporates in farming , that could be total devastation . now a days more advertising could be seen towards attractive farm machines and tools for that kishans the farm labourers were taking care from time , so hereafter farmers had to bear the added cost of farm equipments and farm labourers enroll to workouts with monthly bill paid to gyms . where those fools taking this nation to ? ?
words are remoured as only punjab farmers affected and so into protests . further a party leader claiming as their farmers not into this . again pushing as only rich j_t farmers are doing and poor farmers not . later on , no other state farmers are protesting only it is punjab haryana . why cannot straight the way tell as no farmers protests happening actually anywhere . whole nation is happy laughing in joy . come on ! time has come to do it and things get cleared once for all .
dear farmers please stay in delhi for few more weeks . you can enjoy a warm winter in delhi now misguided and motivated protestors please protest for better regulation of the farm sector rather than asking govt to revoke the acts . do you guys want to be marginalized and at the mercy of political middlemen forever ? that land which you have for farming belongs to the country and not just to you . so , to increase the output on a nationwide scale , fragmented pieces need to be brought together and cultivated en masse farmers individually borrowing loans for cultivation is stupid when corporate farming organizations can borrow loan for cheaper , in large scale and also relieve farmera of the debt burden
come nation come together , throw this ppl out of power
this govt is of ghodse & not of gandhiji ...
thank you ndtv for reporting . good know that your not biased channel .
ndtv is making bjp more powerful thank you ndtv
101 % pok kartarpur sahib gurdwara 15 , , , , , 56 % 1947 44 % , 1 1984 8 1984 operation blue star 31 1984 2 1984 1 november 4 3 2 21 1991 , 56 % , ( ) , , ( ) ( ) , 1947   1947 , ( 56 % 56 % ) - 100 % 56 % - ...  ... lllll
" its their divide and rule policy " , hit it in the bulls eye , haryana farmers should know that all other farmers and people are with them , not with the industrialist and corporates and govts .
sath mat chorna kisan bhaiyo , ek juth ho
2014 , ' ' - , 10 % - . , , - , - . , , ...   .. ' ' " " - . , , , , aiims , iit , isro , cbi , raw , bsnl , mtnl , ntpc , power grid , ongc , , , . , , , . , , , , , . 30 40 % 13 % - . , , . , 2014 . ,
are paji koi nahi jo khalistani bol rahe he vo apne bap ki aulad nahi he . vo khud pakistani aur china agent he . we are with you my farmers brother
how can any government not think about development of country . its shame to be called country men when you sell your country and just think of power . this land will stay here only people will die protect the land
people of india needs to wake up and support kisaan . bjp and rss destroyed india ... evm nikalo desh bachao ..
come what may ... laws are not going to be taken back
ndtv you are doing great job for supporting farmers . i appreciate your channel
like , veer-zaara , story for jrntr sir , in youtube , type , kondeti productions
guys .. news update tamilnadu farmers are on their way to delhi to take part in this protest
i bet 90 % farmers from all over india gathered if no pandemics
may i know reporter's name he is doing great job
if this amount of security forces were at the border to support soldiers , then china wouldn't have attacked .
this reporter is too good , he know how to ask
farmers now it is high time don't settle less than swaminathan report ! ! !
this govt is following the path of british instead of gandhiji ...
this is the worst government after indira gandhi government
it's appalling that there is more military power to crush protests and dissent than there is to protect at lac against china .
just before elections this so called farmers moved to haryana . wow .
congress it cell
he is the son of rss affiliated bjp rajya sabha mp . so what do you expect from him to do . janta sabak sikha degi aa gaya kisi din gaaon mein .
ias interview - if such situation come , i will ask police to consider max restraint . will talk to the leaders of protestors , use non lethal ways like water cannon etc etc reality - sar fod do .. hahaha ... sar fod do that's how aspirants deceive interview panel . good case study to introspect for upsc ..
aisha to britishers krte the khair
a tho modi ke accha din
e tho hitlar komovad government
yehi china hota toh helicopter se goli chal gayi hoti
sdm sir is becoming my hero
i trust me this devil sdm will be saved by his bjp aka's
why dont he gave demo by taking one danda on his own head . this is make them very very clearr
he should be held accountable
he has said " break their head " he must be punished punish ayush sinha immediately
if this was done to bhakts they would cry for years . can't wait for day when they have to protest for something and get same treatment from the police . everything is fake for bhakts , farmers are fake , protest is fake , unemployment is fake , falling gdp is fake . even the blood coming out of farmers head is fake .
aur marna chahiye in athatiyon aur communist ko .
good dress divyanshi ji ..
post that gentleman sdm in bastar chhattisgarh .
suspend he hona chahi eh
he is acting on directions of kahachhar who is the chief villain
such civil servant have no right to be on post .
as per crpc , one can direct to break farmers head ? shame big shame
honestly government have to suspend this sdm and give him punishment with duty to serve victim farmers in hospital !
* the fight is between canada / uk sikh leaders & local punjab sikh leaders . local punjab sikh leaders are losing to their foreign counter part . foreign sikhs hv more money and can manipulate the local sikh . sad , navjots , badals , ... the so call local sikh leaders ( the jokers ) play the muslum & hindu card *
* if govt withdraws the farm laws . what next ? what are takait & goons plans for the improvement of farmers ? ? are the planning new storage facilities , new markets , new crops , new connectivity , new method of disbursing payment ... ? are they going to give up subsidies ( fertilizer , electricty ... ) ? *
well the officer should not be blamed .. if you want to blame some one than blame this society .. who choose such politician who pressure such officers to take such action .. even dm has to take care of his family and his job
shame on government shame on hitler
anteryami ... s . d . m ... phle he ... ptta tha ... ki ... kisan ... patharbaazi ... krne wale h ... us ... se ... phle he ... seer fodo ... order ...
jhooth bolata hai channel
they will ( ongoing govt ) shut your mouth with their agencies or rupees or like any other channels
call about any body which is in federal govt or bjp
300 + farmers already died in this azitation you sold out media workers then who is guilty for their deaths . you are only trp taking blood sucking person on the name of news
contract morder ,
bharat or modi ke khilaf full planning chal rhie hai mager bharat united hai or modi ji ke sath hai
aandolen me congress aur aap party ke gunde baithe hai
strictly action le sarkar
hatou
is drinking alcohol allowed in open ? ? r this guys protesting or drinking n partying
is gatna khabar se yeh pramanit hota hai ki satyagrah ke sthan per sharab pee jati thi aur bhi galat kam hote they . strike organiser aur all zimevar admiyo ko turant action liya jayega umeed hai . is very serious matter and no one should be spared . hope justice will prevail . see reality kya hai satyagrah ke name per kya ho raha hai ? reality
if government revoke this .. there is no problem for any one .. problem only to adhaani .. and ambaani
farmers are also essential bro
tiitle says " trucks carrying essentials stuck " and then truck drivers says they are carrying silverware
there are poor farmers and rich ones , the old rules are outdated , when there was a great famine in the 60 ties in bihar , it was not because there wasn't enough food but states didn't want to share with other states and there was no transport in those days as it is today , then the government took the responablity , so this wouldn ( t happen again . the world has changed an india has to follow
poor farmers who were working in the fields of punjab , haryana etc . had not even money to pay their ticket home some 1200 km away , where would they get tractors and trucks ? ? ? as they earn not enough to feed their families . support your farmers by paying them respet and fair prices
this is how modi leads the country . he knows fully well but his pride is larger then the issues of the citizens . meanwhile shah is sending his goons to sabotage the agitation . this is what those two gujarati are up to . completely rotten ! modi / shah rather destroy india then talk to their own people .
anil ambani , nirav modi , ratna tata how they own money
i like how ndtv is non biased .. dono taraf se coverage hai ! ! public decide karegi bass
and order you tube channel par ac randeve
this is what i call an unbiased reporting .. they showed both time ..
bjp should ignore farmers completely if bjp backs bill we will never vote and vote congress and again pass the bill
the more late modi will be , the more worse things will be . if lakhs suffer due to one person , why not 100s suffer due to few lakhs ?
punjab was suffering from 2 months , will see the behaviour of centre govt now punjab zindabaad , kisaan zindabaad
ndtv covering both sides of protest others will cover only this one .
farmers literally ripped thru all police barricades . whatta slap on his face . he is next level of bootlicker
jaat and farmer of haryana and punjab must make unity to save future of both states delhi is dividing these states for its own benefit.farming bill is going to impact badly to you families.do not trust politicians
it is bad for all persons . why are you claiming to punjabi farmers
fuck you man no one ever did khalistan
you need to go to specsavers they do hearing aids and glasses ... glasses so you can see haryana farmers are in delhi . and hearing aid as this is a farmers movement stop your dirty tatics and making it any other movement . ... shame on you and your lies
he is bitch of modi . doesnt matter what he says . chutiya wont be cm next time .
shame on you htimes , you are not showing what exactly need to telecast , you are also one of godi media , cheap hindustan time farmers are backbone of any country but indian govt dont have any respect for farmers shame shame shame you people dont desreve to live spearding fake news
make sure to throw modi out of the goverment and bring down bjp goverment , all indian farmers should get together to bring down the useless racist govt
modi should asked tramfail to accomodate his responsibility
so true i am a from south haryana but no one here is protesting everyone is busy in farming i wonder if all the farmers of punjab are here who is doing farming .
majority of farmers support the new move . just few farmers who are congress wants to burn india down . i am not happy burn the nation . what is this nonsense in 2020
khattar is pagal . india is not any democracy it's a dictatorship , from nehru to modi , if government want change in laws why not people vote on it , like in usa and other european countries.also demanding khalistan is not a wrong thing according to indian supreme court .
khattar is a dirty dog , they are lying theres 1000s of haryanvi jats are there and also farmers from all across india .
this channel deletes negative comments . fake news . modi media
haryana and punjab are brothers ! how can you differentiate between the two
please check his old interview on ' aap ki adalat ' he was not aware of honeypreet and now he is fooling people by showing his vage intelligence !
khattar is a little liar
this people nat understant the feeling of farmers . they only intrusted to permote thier party
i support farmers jai farmers we get goof for farmers
i'm from kashmir & my sympathy & support is always with punjab farmers ...
cahe politics hi sehi ... kisan de haq ch ta bolea eh up wala
jotha
i urge all people who support justice , & righteousness to dislike this channel . because they are spreading false news & they are supporters of injustice on farmers who have worked in scorching sun throughout their life only to be treated like trash by the bjp government . disgusting bjp supporters and disgusting bjp goons who kill innocents for their own ideals are not welcome in our free country . please support our farmers by disliking any channel that show news about bjp or modi
khattar is a gay with his mate and boss , all knows this that's why he is cm
the pm is responsible for not taking responsibility of the current situation of the country . if you disagree then tell me why did you vote an irresponsible man as pm .
khattar v bahut hi jhooth bolts hai ?
ghater a gal sachi ha k bjp ka natta tum be jhootha shame to you
if this modi government claim this bill is beneficial for farmer why don't they not talk with them . if punjab dont want this bill then why you imposing it forcefully we dont want your benifits keep it with you or share with other states . some people say why only farmers from punjab this because punjabi farmers are brave and not illiterate they know what is good for them or not . and stop portraying them as khalistani or congress associated . in india this concept is very old where always hindu muslim , bjp congress happen all time
right
the haryana farmers have already proved him a liar by showing their aadhaar cards ! big lol and thu on khattar !
safed jhooth poore desh k aage matlab kuch bhi aur abhi khattar sahab keh rahe the k agar msp ka kuch bhi issue hua toh politics chodd dunga lol proof of haryana farmers participation : <url>
waiting for haryana farmers to take over khattar assembly .
#standwithfarmers
7:45 jab kissan 27 nov , 2020 ko haryana se delhi shanti purvak ja rahe the tab tho bjp ne pure highway band kar diye the saare highways aur connecting highways ko truck aur dumper laga kar block kiya tha tab kha the ye jo ab kha rahe route block ni hone diya jaayega
good morning
ye shanti se baith kar lakhon logo ko roz pareshan kar rahe hain farzi kisan paid khangress workers they all must be thrown out from highways enough is enough .
yeh sabko dikh rha hei ki kisano p lathi charge hui hei kabhi yeh socha hei punjab mei kitne log apni naukri gawa chuke hei inke morcho ki wajah c ? ? ? already ambani and adani nei apni industry band krdi punjab mei but unko koi farak nhi pada because they are billionaire but kitno log berozgar hogye apni job c but kya farak padta hei kisiko . apni funding toh foreign c horei hei tabhi toh sab chod chad ke beithe hei . first 4 months i have so respect for this kisan morcha but jab implement nhi horha law so ab kis bat ki igo trip hei bhai ? ? ? na punjab mei ab koi badi industries eyegi na job milegi . big win for punjab
bjp is now british
apne he bahjurga te lathi charge karne te haryana police ko congratulations ... kissan aap ke bacho ke hak ke lea lade ge , tum police vale apne political leaders de gulami karte raho .. history main bate ke lathi apne kissan baap pe , ek tanashah ke sha par , easy yaad kea jaye ga ... so sad for police
don't call them farmers . they are paid gundaas of opposition . they r not protesting but disturbing economy and functioning of state govt .
punjabis are united around the globe | pakistan stands with the farmers of india | punjabi news <url>
<url> harnek singh new zealand bhindranwale | harnek singh nz
shame on indian government . long live independence of sikhs
<url> congress and khalistani funded saheenbagh to protesting without knowledge in of bill and just on hoax information ... ndtv and quint like maoists lover chinese funded channels doing it desperately under pakistan guidance .. congress govt . states farmers threatening police and govt . jai jawan jai kisan ab congress ke kisan jawano ko marr kr age jayange shamless congress vadra swallow farmers lands in rajasthan and india .. india not with saheenbagh part 2 .. kisan get direct money in their acc . kisan yojana and msp also increased . bill strengthening farmers and open market for them msp system keep intact also but still congress farmers riots under khalistan pakistan instructions congress manager
society is dying in front of our eyes . bjp is communist ..
its all about congress man cant you all understand farmers har state me hai fir yahi bas kyu esa ho rha hai this is consipracy by congress
farmers feed the nation , big companies tata , birla , reliance , ebany will make the each farmer compete against each other to buy crops at lowest rate , because farmer will have no option to sell to another buyer due to logistics , but the big companies have the logistics and will buy at lowest cost from farmers and export to other countries . thus will food shortage in india , and due to big companies able to export and the food prices will get more expensive in india .
the sikh farmers feed the indian population and make huge economic contribution to the government . shame on india for looting the farmers rights .
privatisation of mandi is goona hit aam admi also , businessmen work for prodit not for kissan and common people . they will buy cheap from farmer create shortage self and sell at high price
braiwashesd are those who think farmer are misguided , msp is minimum support price which mean minimum bidding value above break even , without msp businessmen can form cartel and fall selling price for kissan.in mandi mspwas given in no new law msp stated.fuck those who are misguiding that farmer are led by congress . if that case tgen congess would had been in rule
stupid demands ... they still want to live in the age old corrupt ( dalal ) ridden system of farming and selling farm products ... have they read the bill properly ... they are against reform ... no other state is protesting except these congress governed punjab and communists .. only time will heal their stupidity and backwardness ...
whether it's congress government or bjp government this think is happening regularly
whatever they still gone vote to bjp ...
end of bjp !
our farmers are taking too much weeds nowdays
this is not new for us that people are alleging us wrong , when our gurus fought against mughal then also india rajas were against us , when sardar bhagat singh , sardar udham singh and many others took front they were terrorist with time they became shaheed , most of the martyrs were from punjab . now again we are wrong when agriculture is being privatised with scrapping of commodity act as well . nothing new for punjab .
farmers are demanding just to make msp as law moreover those states who dont want these bill should get exemption rest who want give them . corona is there when farmers are protesting when there was rallies in bihar there was no corona
pagal hogye he north ke farmers ..
democracy is dying
this is how save water campaign started
iam a farmer and msp is my basic need jai javan jai kisan
farmers are backbone of india , don't play with them .
jai modiji for proper farm laws to india . jai hind jai bharat
this shows the level of illiteracy of people in india . ... i pray for the safety of our police officials as well as all the deployed army official here .
dirty politics
a protest becomes uncontrollable because miscreants always join for their profit . a good governance should not allow to accommodate a lot of untrained n arrogant people in a place .
fake news propaganda ! msp - was required when we were importers of agriculture products , now we are a food surplus country hoarding food stocks more than 20 times against the benchmark of storage for the entire nation . the bill will not bring privatization but it's a stepping step towards marketization which is a welcoming step . if someone analyzed properly - it's only haryana and punjab farmers are protesting ! please speak for yourself but not for the entire nation .
they have to wait and watch then decide ... if government policy fail then have to show by vote . this is political parties drama
i think majority of the people don't know the fact that many mandis are also shadow banks . mandi owners used to loan money to farmers in exchange for them taking their produce . these produce would then be sold to state govt at super inflated prices compared to the rest of the country . the mandi owners made good living but now that the source of income is gone because the farmers don't have to go to the mandi to sell their produce . they can sell it directly to who ever they want heck even the govt . but here comes the catch the massive amount of money involved in mandi loan business is huge . 25 % of the farmers tbh the ones engaged in loan business could go broke as nothing is guaranteed anymore . the state govt procurement was done from produce directly produced by sad and congress politician owned lands . the sheer fukery that is going on in punjab is messed up because they used tax payer money to procure produce at craxy inflated prices where the only beneficiaries were mandi owners once again many of them connected to political parties . nri punjabi don't know jack shit and the moment celebrities got involved i knew politicians were involved in this .
modihai toh mumkin hai what a joke to all the andhbhakts stop eating food because these people are antinational ok ?
these are preplanned and brainwashed ...
modi has become arrogant selling country to pvt companies .. what protection will farmers get if tomorrow companies decided to pay less to increase their margin .. bjp is fibbing saying congress is behind this hiding their failure behind a weak opposition ...
where is modi
dont arrest for stuble burning lol . amd msp is still there , dnt play politics lol
i would give you two reason for farmers protesting > most of the protesters are not farmers there are goons of congress party protesting because there are paid > liberals misleading the farmers by giving false knowledge of the act crux don't try to hide my comments
these farmers are backbone of our india . such a shame they are treating lyk a dog to them . they should hear their problems n solve them .
this is the first video of yours that i liked .
to the woke liberals in the comments that think msp is going away and want the farmers to protest even more due to that misinformation , i say " assholes read the bill . msp is not going away . "
first of all we have to beat our own people who feed us .
majority of the people are pissed cause of this politicians .
do whatever you want , agro reform will not be taken back .
gud steps taken by police and more harsh steps needed for these bunch of fools .
lmao just brainwashed people following their leaders propaganda and don't go to delhi the situation are worse there
shame on the haryana government ... is this the way we treat those who feed us ! jai jawan jai kisan
dirty politics
useless protests . nobody doing in other states . why cry when you are getting the msp
this is really sad ... they were harmless also ... kya ho raha he
just tell these politicians that without these farmers they won't get the food which they gobble down daily ...
just look at kerala it has started providing msp over 16 vegetable crops unlike punjab dirty govt which creates malnutrition by providing over rice and wheat .
i think barter system is better for our country at least it can bring down corruption a little
kick ass brothers #standyourground farmers help the country grow .. not greedy politicians
just politics
shame on you modi and indian government apne hi logon per itna julm to angrejon ne nahin kiya
they are territories
haricharan
police case ahdryyeai job shighalllh
for how long this bjp government will torture farmers ? ?
the death / harassment of farmers & workers due to protesting against agro black laws and the behavior of nda rulers towards the people of its own country should also be condemned strongly by raising demand for dismissal of nda .
love you farmers , only push back to dictatorship
repeal laws simple .
i have about 5 % of my portfolio in uranium bitcoin any advice on any other crypto currency that i can grow my $ 300k capital to a million dollars ?
cant understand why only punjab stands for these mandi brokers so called farmers , no other states support them . real farmers wont protest for 7 months without farming
oh yeah , they are stuck with a tea seller
give them the vaccine asap as they cannot isolate themselves ... doesn't take a genius
is it true that the conversation media has selected that " the worst leader who handled the corona situation is our pm " .
repeal the farm laws and save life . farmers are the backbone of our nation unlike a certain chai wala .
it's pretty dangerous virus people ... almost going most horrific time me and my family ... please go home ...
common sense leader : unite the country , bring peace & stability so that investment from abroad increases , jobs increase , economy does well , standard of living for indians get better , per capita income grows , education , health care focus ... this is how we can compete with china atleast after 30 yrs ... hindu or muslim is not our real enemy but china is ... we are being fooled . in your job if u screw economy , kill small businesses , create internal disharmony , lose money , use money for your own luxury , don't care for your colleagues ... u wl be kicked out ... and global pappu has done exactly that . marvel of incompetence & insensitivity
acha . then ask govt to repeal the farm laws .
correctly said haryana government
apoon farmers keh saath hai ..
now the can bring their cattle too inside as it is the custom in their villages
all hype died . now we are rarely getting any news about them . how long can they keep up .
we are with ourselves we are supporting ourselves we are the ones who gonna buy food produced by farmers and if corporations dominate on food , all we would get is poor quality , stored , and unfresh for exorbitant prices ... dont keep waiting until the fire is too close to your own house
these farmers are going to wake up to a harsh reality . contracting farming is happening all over the world .
remove all these encroachments . all these are anti national people .
why are farmers building their own homes . they should make parliament their temporary residence .
ssd solution universal chemical & machine to clean , whatsapp : + 8801756140 888 we clean we purchase black notes green
hey super this is wat i was expecting wat might bjp thinking
farmers will win lol
how on earth can anyone ever call the farmers terrorists ? is the pm eating something made by the chemists ?
shame on modi government
keep it up farmers india is with you
so land grabbing has started nice
seriously what un and human rights organizations are doing ?
we will win support our food brigade s
i again repeat these laws are not compulsory . farmers will sale whomever he wants , not only to middlemen . farmers will go for contract farming if he likes . actually the whole issue about law 1 , which frees farmer from middlemen .
remember struggle from the british indian government i think we are experiencing that irl
only they know ... how painfully they passing their days ... nd our beloved besharm pm is naming them andolanjivi .
we are with farmers ... jai kisan
not only farmers , every activity is important , no skilled labour then infrastructure , .
no farmers no food from broker mandi walas ? . who sucked real farmers blood for many years
are they out of there mind protesting during covid times people are dying , we can do protest post covid , i lost many people , wont people change
firstly the central vista project is bigger super spreader that the farmers agitation . modi govt continue its work on central vista project to build new parliament and pms new residence spending rs 20,000 crore . the work is ongoing with few hundred workers working during covid when delhi is shutdown .. there govt has no concern about covid . why cant he stop the construction . secondly why did modi initiate this farm bill during the pandemic . couldn't he wait till covid was over . . that is show the govt bad intention towards the farmers . now if he wants the farmers to end protest he can rescind the laws or accept their demands . do you think farmers want to be there in this deadly covid wave . they want to go home too . but he has too big ego to that . people are dying and there are no vaccines , food , oxygen and he is wasting rs 20,00 crore on pm house and parliament building .
long live our farmers we stand with them ...
end times are here . these are the days of noah . people please repent and pray to lord jesus christ for his divine protection and healing . god bless you all ...
seems like a super spreader of covid . now no mainstream media talks
only the fool will vote for bjp mukesh ambani ka party . evm voter machine hataw desh ko bachaw
dear nation , these are not original farmers , they are mostly commissioned , agents . secondly , the striking and supportive leaders like kejriwal , mamtha , rahul , tiket , yadav etc have no common sense like normal people . because how can cancel the bill once passed in the parliament . so the option is to solve the issue to sit with the supreme court committee and the farmers are given their grevencies . the government already agreed to not adopt the rule for up to 1 1/2 years or still the committee report finalized . this is the drama for the 2024 election to come to power and the great pm modiji to bring down . voting against modiji is the golden opportunities those are against india and will join and give a clear way to start play of terrorist with our neighbor countries . so wake up nation against the unlawful and unnecessary strike . otherwise , india will become before 2014 and common people will die with terrorists and powerful people will earn more commission and property for setting out of our country . indians also need become from the poority so powerful and decision-making leader require for coming future . i am not a supporter of any party but the facts explain to the nation
hey pm modi ! ! ! will you get satisfied after ruining all the farmers , food source and related national balance ? indians will not forget this even after years .
1 cr fine for what ?
despite of all this , we all know that bjp will win the elections in punjab and haryana , we all know how .
sikhs should stop fighting on the borders for india
more power to you ... love n respect from pakistan
fuckin u have stoped the coverage now ! all the media are involved in ruining the country
bohot he gandi sarkar hay yar ab to bs kardo koi aap pay nahee hasey ga . its what your people want . bechare apney janey dey rahey hain . getting passed everyday its going on now enough is enough
farmers don't need our sympathy . they need our respect & we owe them that respect : - maharshi actor mahesh babu
not more farmers , but more hooligans funded by foreign elements joined .
msp on all crops would be period worst decision . no way it should be approved .
full support from the whole of uk , europe , usa and canada . the world is watching you bjp
ndtv ... what else to expect ?
nice free food and picnic to block delhi . this is democracy . no birth control . no government can build such a nation . nature will takes its course . something worse than covid is needed to balance things . karma will bite hard .
no farmers no food
all states in india are coming together - divide and rule by bjp centre is going to come to an end . how can 2 people ambani / adani have monopoly of all industries - all power has gone to gujrat state power needs to be given back to the state . central control will make people poor
i see the following issues with the three laws as implemented and dont think they resolve anything . 1 . how are we expecting an av . farmer ( 2hectares ) to negotiate for a better price and transport his produce to a far away market with a better price . in reality do we think a farmer has negotiation power now that he will have in a free for all ? 2 . with divested markets , how does a farmer know the price he will sell at is right . there is no basis as there are no mandis . if the price is coming from the largest buyers it is by large not a fair price for the seller it is what the buyer wants . so are we not creating a buyers marker ? 3 . the price for contract farming is indirectly tied to apmc price . makes no sense , how can a price in a defined contract have a link to what the market price will be . its unfair to both the buyer and seller if we allow this link and will lead to abuse . 4 . subsidies for farmers are bs , we are selling farm inputs at relatively global prices to farmers , yet intend to and are buying from farmers at prices significantly lower than global prices . if you doubt it compare global wholesale agriculture spot prices and compare it to what we pay for them in india the gap is staggering . if the intent is to reduce subsidies then why not open up agriculture sell inputs at global prices and buy farm produce at global prices . let the farmers leverage the low labor cost in india as their margin . let the msp per we be the future contract price . thus when the govt wants to give subsidy of cheap food to the below poverty line citizens there is one subsidy . our problem is we want everyone happy and have no one happy and have system that is corrupt to the core . this also removes msp and allows for substitution of imports . 5 . the states where apmcs ( pb , hr ) exist the buyer pays the mandi tax ( apr . 2 % ) whereas in states without apmc ( bihar ) the buyers are making the seller pay for cleaning , inspection and other charges relating to sale of produce . in brief the 2 % is the cost that is required to do these functions . the end customer is going to bear it no matter what ( we are not making produce 2 % cheaper ) . thus whats the point of changing it if the cost does not change . looks like a change is just to transfer this cost from buyer to seller . 6 . something not covered but still important . is a farmer a business or not . as apmc states he is being compensated for inputs + labor not really profit , so is he not a cost plus contractor in simple terms when selling at msp or below . with this why is he not allowed to transfer gst to the buyer . is he not loosing out because of this ? 7 . when will the body be set up the registration of buyers . laws as dictated leave all counter party risk with the seller which is absurd and will lead to significant abuse as was the recent case in mp . 8 . when will the farmers have access to meaningful financial tools so the maligned arhtiya looses complete relevance . farmers cant get true lines of credit , loans etc . we need to give them access to financial instruments so they can modernize as required just like a business . 9 . what is the plan / investment to improve the supply chain from farm to consumer . the wastage happening after harvest is huge and no plans to contain it . this is a significant cause of inflation . the retailer is trying to recoup cost for total production with significantly less production being sold in the end . 10 . crop insurance for certain crops can be provided to motivate farmers to switch from the current two crop rotation , dont know why this is not looked at all as a catalyst for change . 11 . with no apmcs in existence how is the govt planning to capture agri . data for volume and price . how is the govt . , planning to control abuse and bad practices . 12 . what exactly was the problem with govt being the buyer of last resort . the govt intends to buy crops for pds , are they going to go buy from private buyers now and pay a commission and pay subsidy , kind of stupid is it not . 13 . the legal recourse mechanisms provided are not sufficient , if we are talking contracts , should the farmer not have same access as businesses do . 14 . what is the plan to weed out buyers of disrepute from the market . what is the plan to check if the buyer has the financial muscle to buy crops . in brief are they if not why not going to score buyers . 15 . what is stopping the buyers from making a cartel ( oligopoly ) from retailing at or close to max price 100 % for perishable and 50 % non perishable after signing a lower price multi year contract with farmers . how do they intend to control the delta in buying price of agri goods and retail price . if not managed , this will kill both the farmer and consumers . 16 . how does the govt intend to keep a relatively stable price for farm produce when they have failed abjectly with msp in place . 17 . what is the minimum buyers required to constitute a fair market . how is it fair for a farmer to load and go look for a buyer not knowing what is out there . hope there is understanding that farmers require multiple trips to transfer crops to local mandi , now with longer distance we are going to be delaying plantation for next crop theoretically . 18 . when will a farmer know the tentative sale price of the non contract crops . as in the global markets and with msp will he continue to know price at sowing time so he can plant what market needs . if yes then how is govt ensuring procurement at msp or higher , when it came do so at present . my concerns with these laws are that as designed they are open as sieves and will lead to more problems then solutions . marginal farmers dont have a year or two for the system to run and get fixed while they absorb losses . as you mentioned all govt . s including current use farm subsidies as a vote generating tool , which needs to stop . why not hold these laws in suspended animation for 6 months or longer while we revisit the complete agri . supply chain and update it correctly . honestly the issue is these laws are no better than bandages when what is required is a surgery to make agriculture competitive .
thanks and keep supporting
stop the farm bills stop the water and electricity , privatisation stop the lic , privatisation
punjab farmers are not representing indian farmers voice ! i am from farming family . there should be mid way to close this protest . for me this looks like some foreign vested interests provoking this ... this should stop immediately .
you delhiites better stock up ... the farmers have just threatened with increased action if the laws are not repealed ... so much for ' ' talks ' ' part 2 ... this will take worse shape than saheenbagh if left to fester ... even your poster boy trudeau broke his pipeline protesters within 2 weeks by force & arrested all the leaders
yogender yadav is piggy riding on farmers ' agitation like kejriwal rode on anna hazaare's anti corruption agitation . after becoming cm kejriwal abandoned anna hazare and anti corruption crusade .
this govt is an eyewash ... andhbakts are born from this wash ..
thank you ndtv for covering farmers protest from canada !
firstly most miss to take note of the fact that agriculture , lands are states subject . only state governments have to make decisions over it , what the regime has done enacted tri farm laws is illegitimate and violation of constitution . above all the regime had unilaterally setup new ministries for agriculture and education at centre . till date centre did not had these ministries as constitution does allow it and does not reflect the setup of the nation . both the departments are under the power of state governments . are breaking the constitutional setup that is even above law . so simply all those illegal laws does not control any and further comes under prosecution . even if farmers struggle succeed this time why the regime has taken the agricultural ministry itself would say how much they are committed to demine the sector .
boycott adani ambani jio and all their products even more . lets kick them out of india .
punjabis threw out one wannabe dictator , time for them to do it again .
where is our pakoda pm ?
we indians wants independence from the brahminsm .
dislikes you are welcome to the protest ... instead of bitching around .
o my god pardon me for voting bjp in last elections on the promise of bapu badal so to support the kissans i have disconnected my home cable connection to stop listening black aungraje , godi media and anti-farmers channels on tv .
if food protection goes in the hands of profit based commercial private corporate sector in our country , then the 85 % people will have to be faced more home kichen problems who are already facing problems in education / health etc .
i support farmers .
may god's blessings are with fighting farmers
modi is business manager of ambani & adani not people's representative .
boycott adani group products ( fortune oil )
modi will regret for the laws
we will overcome bjp and corona 2021 ( jai kissan jai jawan )
modi should resign jai kissan boycott reliance jio bjp and rss
velas funded by pappu
who will pay the loss of petrol pump owner , shame on fake farmers
present bjp govt does not care about people die or suffer . because they have evm support not people support
on one hand bjpee govt want to finish indian farmers onthe other side goa bjpee govt is in a process to pass a bill to make marijuana ( narcotic ) plantation legal , on which not a single national tv chennel has aired a report.ndtv pls cover these reports which godi media has failed .
thank you ndtv for the coverage
cries of farmers are not good for country
so these are the demerits of capitalism
happy new year to all farmers over there may waheguru bless you from malaysia
arnt you ashamed middle men
farmers atrocities ...
mr modi can u overcome this ?
singhu is a fortress
where is ravish kumar
a struggle for more utopia is always insatiable & unaffordable by the values of utopia themselves , but it will remain a perpetual struggle because it is fair looking unfairness . this is as yogendra puts a struggle by farmer landlords for 3 more d's in its ultimate : democracy to last person , diversity to the extreme , and development of the least developed as seen by the ' revolutionaries ' - who obviously is not concerned about their affected others , haven't regarded their internal diversity or degrees of inclusiveness , has least concern for the least developed - all these ideals require a dedicated sacrifice by all means for the " other " which is not there . instead they make the rest of the nation to be the agent of their 3ds ! the rest of the nation should bear the cost of production , risk of market , ' listening ' to their demand . yogendraism , claims , if all claim themselves to be the last of 3ds & fight with the representative who manage tgevresources and policies , then one day the utopia may come true . only input for the utopia is sacrificing life at acute chill as collective ' revolutionary ' . the ideals are so good , a cult fueled by them would run as a perpetual energy machine , ' intellectuals ' would find it a dream cult . yogendra is the super narrativist of the year . let all from the last & least practice the utopian 3d from themselves too . ultimate diversity of total consultation till the last person becomes on par with the most affluent . what a dream formula , that even marx failed to develop .
lovely indians - whenever you get hate and abusive speech by boggers start bocking their profiles and report abuse agaist hated and violence . lets show hate and abuse has more strength or purity love and goodness .
y gov is so stubborn ? ! if farmers don't want new policies , then abandon the plan . still if they are stubborn , this is something that is to benefit a few corporates and they are planning to fund for next elections ? ! see what happened in madhya pradesh , under the new agro policy , corporate took crops without paying farmers ! pls don't kill the farmers
this cult doesn't care if the nation goes down the hill due to civid . all they care about is ' pushing their agenda ' . im sure none of them would hv read the texts of the laws .
black day only for broker mandi walas . real farmers are happy with the bill
working for the third wave of virus ..
it's absolutely wrong tiketji because today is buddha purnima
they are territories
responsible for 2 wave
rakesh tikait is the bestard . he is misleading farmers for his political gains .
they obviously make us waste our time watching this well i trade forex from the comfort of my home with the help and guidance of an expert trader carlos _1uptrades on ! g . .
don't mess with tikaiti - he's long lasting .
why no caption for hindi ? we don't understand hindi
totally disappoinyed wf govt not taking action after red fort attack
65 days the farmers had suffered a lot if the gouvt dont want to listen or see your sufference so it is dictaor gouvt , you had started now you must go till end and get the victory , must five the pressure more and more , you do what mahatma gandhi did for india you must follow the path of mahatma gandhi till the victory . some one wants to put india in dictator system dictator is a very dangerous for every indian citizens . your sufferens will give the good fruits and that is the gift for 2021 for every indians we all must fight against the dictator long live the democrasy .
don't worry we trust modiji . only anti social elements not agreeing
when they are trying to explain why do you cut the video show some truth ?
remember 1984 . india is now a hindu state .
modi criminal is an employe of ambani and adani ...
bjp & modiji cleaver than u . they will not give u what u are trying to do . now go to china , pakistan , canada and take new orders
my salute to farmers let's election come we teach lesson to bjp
farmer is lifeline of food industry
jhoota media
jai modi ji ki : the seed of khalistan was sowed by indra ghandi , now the farmers are reaping it . the crop is " khalistan " , kisan andolan zindabad , go for your own country . modi don't want sikhs in bharat so make your " khalistan . thank you arnab goswamee , thank you modi .
its shame that people of india only protest now when they want free stuff like protest for reservation and farm laws which are ending their free electricity , and water services without paying any tax and want gov . which they protest against to buy their food at a fixed price regardless of market price .
i have come across many comments saying the farmers are with luxury vehicles there for they are fake . is it not allowed for a farmer to progress in his life with his hard work ? even after progressing in his life if he / she remains in the farming sector he / she is a real hero ... they need well recognition which will influence future generations to contribute lot in this field .
this is not farmers ' protest . this is a struggle very much charecteristic of india , the india of diversity , in which every sect , faith , caste , religion , class , region , identity , ideological claims , ... is up in arms against the " others " . the fight against " other " is often made a holy jihad , not merely by islam , but from all sorts of identity claims . in india there is a huge - other , a boogie , made of all the others cannot be strictly classified as belonging to one religion that is the " hindu boogie " . that is an artificial enemy usually even ' intellectuals ' take on ! the colonial british took lot of effort to construct such a intimate enemy for all indians even for hindus , as , caste matters ritually more than religion as it is actually absent . the othering of the " hindu boogie " is constructed along with other narrative techniques such as labelling " nationslism " as ' jingoism ' , patriotism as ' fascism ' , self reliance as ' protectionism ' , promoting anti-hindu-tva as progressive - egalitarian - liberal standpoint . this was a ready made ideology carefully constructed & sown in indian minds by british colonialists that strikes its cords even now . these protests , including the caa struggles were the aggressive outbursts tuned to its cacaphonic beats our ' intellectuals ' ideologists , & journalists play . diversity has lot of goodness , but it also comes with hatred for others . true intellectuals identify & help civilizations to get devenomed of toxic colonial mentality , but we as a third world do not have such organic intellectuals , but career academicians , who do everything in academics that helps them personally prosper . they just go along with the wind of academic bias . not merely india has this problem , all nations had colonial past has this experience , interestingly the evertwhile still mudddle with the issues , ... as we see bbc still carries its colonial agenda , and so are the western push in academics , so deceptively .
india is a nazi state , so glad we left
modi is unfit for pm , he support only business peoples , not poor people , weast pm in indian history , he is very criminal
1 ) these farmers disrupted a patriotic republic day ! 2 ) they were saying that police and army are their brothers ! " if one person in a family is a farmer another is in the police or army " , they said . now they have attacked the police who were showing restraint . how come ? 3 ) how come so called supporters from canada , germany , italy .. where a number of khalistanis live , actively funded by pakistan's isi , were barking their head off about matters they have no business to talk about ? they are not even indians ! maybe these farmers have one family member as a khalistani & isi agent also ? 4 ) no other flag other than indian national flag should be put on the red fort . and they put their religious flag also . this is an insult to the nation ! next other communities will also wnt to hoist their flags on the red fort ! 5 ) mabe this raid on the red fort was supposed to be a trial run to attack the parliament building on budget day ? 6 ) how come farmers are in illeagal possession of tear gas guns ? ( see the picture is a leading national daily newspaper ! ) . where did he get it ? how much did he pay & to whom ? who supplied it ? did it come from china or pakistan ? 7 ) one party's neta who talks the same things that imran khan does , doubts indian armed forces on balakot and who has taken money from xi jing ping for his ngo was actively supporting the frmers . 8) see pakistani fake news propaganda that indian govt is against sikhs ! not one opposition politician or farmer leader refuted this ! 9 ) where is the money for 3 month long protests coming from ? one neta recently went to italy recently on a " private visit " . maybe mps are not checked for the amount of cash they bring back ? 10 ) one specific political party which never even supported our police forces by giving them good weapons & bullet proof jackets , was high on supporting these rowdy farmers ! remember how during 26/11 , karkare died because of the bullet proof jackets did not even work ? how much was paid for these jackets ? 11 ) one specific political party which never even supported our armed formed with good weapons is high on supporting rowdy farmers ? our iaf were still flying 40 year old planes when 15 year old scooters are scrapped ! 12 ) another communist party leader is also supporting these rowdy farmers ! in a communist country , farmers don't ' own ' farmland ! read about how mao zedong , lenin & stalin simply nationalised every private property . do communist party leaders in india own houses ? strange ! 13 ) the farmers simply rejected every offer for a clause by clause threadbare discussion & were trying to dictate to the govt ! their attitude was " my way or highway " ! clearly , they were never interested at all ! now that people are against them & they are fearing a backlash , they are saying " violence never solved anything & they are ready for talks " . get lost ! the time for discussions is gone !
no farmers no food
i support farmers .
excuse me sir / madam are you saved ? if you died tonight are you going to heaven ? jesus loves everyone even jesus loves your enemies
for once i will agree with advani . when medias are told to bend they are crawling .
where is ravish kumar
not farmers , khalistan group funded by congress
we support farmers
is it right to say that it is only the protest of farmers ? are they fighting only for them ? democracy always respected as it is for the people .
there are some people in the comments dont understand who are farmers they thin that rss is good for india anyone tell me what good this bjp did for india other than making people to sleep in the streets thnk you
wahe guru be with you all !
godi media will not spare these farmers now . these farmers will have nowhere to hide now , godi media will take revenge now .
real face of india
it is not uttaranchal ... you stupid fool . do you know what is an " anchal " ... rndtv
no one else taken the cognizance of injured kisan
the government will now step up and spread it's vicious tentacles to make the lives of the farmers miserable . alas !
why dont you show the goons who have reached the singhu border to attack the farmers ? has your channel also joined the godi media club ? why dont you show the videos of the cops disrespecting the tricolour on 26th january ?
tikait chaduni pandher and pannu have instigated the farmer youth by their inflammatory statements ... liquor was also responsible as many people were drunk
foolish channel this channel should be locked
nia ka address chahiye tha tikait ko ... ab bakkal taregi nia
may be some tents to be allocated to this channel . what a shame this channel should know the difference between anti government and anti national
instead of sitting in a open space , let them sit peacefully in a room counting the bars in a jail . apt place for these fake farmer leaders .
everywher you can see police's presence against farmers
tum leaders jo stage se 20 din se bhashan de rahe the k parliament pr jhanda lgayenge , lal kile pr lgayenge , india gate pr lgayenge sara mahol bnaya or abhi khudh back foot ho gye .
tikait has planned to incite violence to such an extent that the police will resort to shoot at the protesters and tikait can fulfill his political aspirations on their dead bodies
we should support farmers .
if ndtv supports any agitation means it certainly is going to fail for the tv is always sides with anti nationals . good luck to ndtv for its next attempt .
so sad to see that this fight for good cause looks not fruitful and political powers looks winning on them . and we live in the great democratic nation .
i request all the people of india and political parties come forward for our indian farmers . jai kissan .
mukesh ambani and gautam adani will cancelled the 3 antifarmers bills . !
guys we cannot let government ruin the peaceful protest . please support . they did same with all the protesters .
if the medias are asking questions favoring give the rey to them and convey it to modi . what is the problem for modi to come for discussion , the people only selected him , if he has been appointed by the corporates let him go to the corporates . but he should not forget that he is not the employee of corporates , he is the public servant .
governmundlinguistic error . but still cute but as always my full support to farmers . aap sab bole to hum sare nojawan bhagat singh banne ko tayaar hai
all freebies , subsidies , tax exemptions meant for the small / marginal farmers are usurped by the rich / super rich farmers . nri owners of agricultural land in punjab who have not set foot in india for years , bribe patwaris and show themselves as ' khud kasht ' - i . e . actual tillers , in the revenue records . such nris and others then take free electricity etc benefits
in india physically handicapped pay income tax but rich and super rich farmers do not .
all support farmers ... shame on modi govt
why is pagaal reddy speaking for farmers ? a farmers shoe is worth more then his entire personality
farmers were not welcome by govt they won the war sucking media shame on u
singh is always king
in support of farmers and for our own food , nothing wrong or loss to bear the legitimate inconveniences caused to us .
mr . reddi .. the farmers have listed the changes (8 - 9 changes last i heard ) . farmers met with govt 2 weeks ago . govt on the others side ( pm repeated in his last " maan ke bat " ) that these bills are perfect and there will be no changes made . so where does this leave a room for discussion ? are we still living in a democracy ? it doesn't feel like it .
why nbloody oppsition parties not joing protest with farmes must be million marach
commission agents and power bearers in apmc mandis protesting under the guise of farmer protests .
i standwithfarmers . very dirty trick by bjp .
big f c k for b j p . dump b j p in trash
bjp always say anti nationalist to everyone who oppose them but in actual bjp is the biggest traitor of the country
not a logical move from bjp when the threat of china still looms
dear farmer brothers from haryana and punjab we keralites are with u ... u feed this nation ... being a consumer state we are eating the food becoz you people are there .. please keep bjp away next time ... jai javan jai kisan .
you are the modi media
hindi me bolye your not in america you are in india
ndtv is the only channel who talked in the favour of farmers .
mr . chengal reddy elected representatives does not mean god
cifa advisor saab the msp is not in bill after two years the politicians said we told that msp is not in bill so we dismantle msp
the bjp is the enemy of humanity ... tamil people support sikh farmers
sir , our anndata ( kishan ) protesting for their rights in the bill but our respectable prime minister modi sab justified kishan bill today in man ki baat , our pm giving his man ki baat to andhbhakt but not listening man ki baat of india's farmers man ki baat , he should listen to farmers .
this advisor knows what is real problems , he is hiding the realities , rss agendas coming out from his mouth
sikhs will never give up
majority media is biased to modi government
shame on you mr . puppet ready to modi
he is behaving like kangana ranut .. he asking for bjp ticket from his grave ..
who is this ready .. he is modi puppet
speaker must appear . what did you invite that * * * hole ?
delhi did not open borders . they were cleared by farmer . what rubbish ,
support for those who feed us , not for who feed modias
i guss , our genius fm lady may reply " like onions we are not eating any agricultural products we eat poops so farmers protest won't affect us "
farmers are under attack by police
farmers are the number one that uplift the nations full support should give to them .
no understand of you dont have food then you can live in your life no write ... i always sport to farmer ... modi mruda bad ... farmer jidabadh
this is the age of social media . within hours reality has been exposed . this is another try of shaheen bagh but will also see the same fate as shaheen bagh . modi ji will only gain more out of these disruptions .
opposition will further lose their face by fanning these protests and secretly bringing in terrorist groups to mix in this protest . keep doing it and keep losing elections ! this is 2020 and people are enough educated to know the reality on the ground .
corrupt government
bullsh % * t
this is fake news
you guys are saying all bullshit . farmers were asking to discuss about these bills clearly from past few months but our illiterate pm dont want to discuss . is they left with anything else except this .
you allowed the farmers yesterday to get locked up in new delhi . they are not dumb . these farmers are much more educated than you expected . and they know how to wait because they wait all year long for their crops , which they don't even know the outcome in the end . farmers are the backbone of the country .
ndtv news channel is best and truth in india
who is this yogendra and why he is invited by ndtv all the time . what is swaraj party ?
mr . reddy , we should not trust government because 15lakh does not came to my account . in 2016 in parliament modi said by 2022 farmers income shall be doubled , till this day there is no plan to implement or even consideration to increase the income .
ndtv they are not farmers they are brokers / middlemen who suck farmers blood . read the bill and check if it makes sense to eliminate middle men
yogendra you are nice , dont like that deddy or whoever he is
plz cover them
wouldn't it be karma all the way around if the farmers stop their produce from going into delhi . modi on his dinning table " meri sabji kidar hay "
ndtv s most corrupt channel and their staff unprofessional . they would not get the job cause the have one idiotic and they listen to their boss the management is in need of help , they blame on reporters , so take care b 4 the mafia takes over you , time scale is not at be careful and act fast
ndtv is good at showing the pictures but not explaining why they are so upset you should do research as to how you can arrange to make the debate , seems you are coco dont know what to say it about time you news casters commute the fact you have only one way of asking come on you are totally going and dont know when was last time they communicate please do you research
british government ! ! !
bjp govt is an evil , , soon bjp govt.will distroy everything ... only ambani , adani and other big shots are benefiting ..
govt will keep on shouting this is nector drink it .. but the farmer feels it is venom .. so forcefully onluy modiji can impose these lawas and make there friends happy and worlds richest.shame on modi ji
a 22 yr old soldier son from punjab martyred on loc while his farmer father is fighting just battle in delhi ... may god bless these brave hearts ... rip salute
me reddy you asked a question - " why should we not trust government " - it is very naive question . it is either asked due to foolishness or extreme bias . but anyways here is the answer - history . looks at recent protest in last few years - and you will realize that government has nowhere shown genuine interest to discuss the issue . attitude is more like we have majority so we passed the bill . you can keep protesting . similar attitude here - if government was discussing points in systematic manner ( like you laid out ) .. delhi ane ke jaroraat he nahin padte
this chief advisor reddy is agent of fascist , which is product of evm manipulation , real democratic forces are now on road .. hence , firstly fascist have to resign and follow paper ballot election then real democracy will be there , and then only real democratic modus-operndi can be followed , it is being observed that citizens are democratic but they are being rulled by fascist forces using evm technology influencing judiciary and with help of all fascist agents as election commission , rti machenery , media , corrupted industrialists etc . by operating invisible unproclaimed fascist emergency .. save . india , save democracy ...
people should not block public roads , it acts against the publics freedom to travel on the road . instead block the people responsible for this bill and the people in power .
this chief advisor , cifa . clearly doesn't know anything . one thing is clear , he has no foresight . and no hindsight . these things are happening in many states now .
i dont think it is protest . it is well organized crime to bring current government down .
i don ' t know why govt . does not give its ensurance to poor farmer regarding msp .
fall of modi . going to london for treatment and a shave .
joh bole sonihal sasrikal jai kisan salute to you from america we are with farmer remove bjp
hello everyone there are 96 thousand tractors and 12 million farmers protesting on the border of capital of india " new delhi " . dear world , it's the longest march in the history of planet earth by farmers for roll back of three laws imposed on them by present " government of india " . please support us , as the " farmers produces " are daily three times on your dining tables . indian media is paid by agencies and are fabricating the protest . support us , in writing the " most beautiful chapter in the history of this planet earth " . just forward this text to everyone in your friend circle , this is the only contribution we need from you . let it be the repayment of everything a farmer has given to you & your family directly or indirectly . just one forward please
hind fascism.when donkey rules abuse ethic , principal of demoscrats people suffer .
shame on government
excuse me you need first confirm that is there any meeting or not ? after that when modi did not listen them in punjab when they block punjab , they listen their demands . so , now they know , if they block delhi . modi has to take step . we also know modi will not listen us only in one day , he took some days thats why they are only delhi with some month food . so , they will return with their success . govt welcome very nice of farmers with tear gas and pressure water then they need to broke the barrier . listen modi is not good and he dont knowledge what right and bill .
someone needs to slap this stupid reporter ! she is so arrogant of the situation , all she is bothered about is that the farmers have blocked the highway . these farmers are putting their lives at risk , she is thinking of something so silly . wow , as the media person she needs to be neutral . learn to be professional .
the media dont show when these farmers are giving food and drinks to the police . they dont show the farmers removing police barricades to make way for an ambulance . these channels are so biased , its disgusting .
why don't government remove this laws when they didn't require answer - bcoz how they will make happy to his business man friends
13:32 shut up yogesh and reddy
7:00 start from yogendra yadav , other one is a fool
reddy , where is infrastructure for reforms ?
stupid mr.modi get rid of the prime minister and the bjp party from india this is only way to safe guard the country
salute farmers . they are the people who feed the nation . neta babu sarkar rob the people .
what nonsense is this reddy saying ? trust the government ? what public discussions did the government do on the matter of nrc , caa ?
i want to tell indian government don't think that farmers are alone , all citizens , indian army , indian navy and entrine nri punjabi community stands with farmers shoulder to shoulder .
experimental injections result in new variant cases , sickness , blood-clots , neurological degeneration , miscarriages , cancer and death " side-effects " . see vaers . refer to dr . sucharit bhakdi md
any kind of get together or over crowding is the root cause of covid . delhi police should start using water cannons to disperse them
former is terrorist group
trade unionists protested nationwide and caused the second wave of covid
farmers r not dying , they don't hv cv still people r not getting what a foolish citizens
sad we indians are literally born idiots look at us such a catastrophe happened by somehow it is getting under control and people wanna do social gatherings sad
sahi hai election bhi to ho rahe the so the leaders are super spreader's too .
jh congress ka protest hai jo congress khud bill lekar aayi tb bill ashe thae ab nhi bil bjp layi tb bill bure hai
protest till 2024 . this bill benefits real farmers only affect broker middleman mandi walas
your guts to ask our rights should be highly appreciated . even though i am a tamilian , i am a farmer too . so you are my brothers and sisters . this facist modi and team will be removed soon by an unexpected revolution that the world haven't seen . live long brothers and sisters .
god ! ! please help our farmers ... i cant see them struggle ...
never say jai jawan and jai kishan.there is politics with jawans.there is no vote bank with them . no external support no external funding . today jawan are pure and very patriotic than any one .
old recordings
sihks love india india does not love sihks in return
how can we indians sit back and daily watch our farmers fighting for their rights to survive in india ! ? don't we realise that if they grieve and suffer its the destruction of a nation ? is export the solution that we may eat and drink ! ! ! ? ? ? how foolish we indians can be ! ? the pm , the ministers and corporates like ambani and others will dine and drink up to their nose . what about the common people of india ! ? what we do today will result in our children going to suffer in a poor country called india .
people from only 1 community can be seen here ... seems all farmers of india come from only one community
i pray for the farmers of india . here in america the small farmers are being strategically crushed . the globalists want total control of food supply going into the gsm . thus total control of everyone . fight like your lives depend upon it . they do .
, , i thank you for requesting more accurate reporting . please do not cover only punjabis . farmers from up haryana , maharashtra , rajasthan should also be covered in the video because some blind devotees think that it is not just the movement of punjabis , it is the movement of the whole country .
why only sikhs and khalistanis are protesting ? someone pls tell them they are not the entire india , they are a small part in india . these middlemen enjoyed the most from looting farmers , now when its their time to let go of that privilege they came to delhi for protesting . ghanta kuch nhi ukhadna tumse .
idiots resist change
reliance ( ambani murders ) vs farmer - a case study : reliance has 500 kg of rice ( 3rd law activated : unlimited hoarding ) . it releases 50 kg at 50 rs in supermarket . farmer comes with 75kg rice to sell to reliance at 40 rs ( 1st law activated : sell to anyone above msp ) . reliance releases 50 kg more to show it has already 100 kg at 50 rs unsold stock ( manipulate supply ) bargaining starts : farmer is told to sell at 20 rs per kilo ( to recover transportation and living costs and to go back after paying skyrocketing fuel prices ) . farmer now takes loan for daily expenses as season ends and thus debt grows at exorbitant rates . remember reliance is watching all these . being giant capital firm it squeezes a bank loan and launches reliance scheme for mortgaging land to contract farming ( 2nd law acivated : contract farming ) . reliance being big firm will now store , launch various offers , mix , rename , grind and sell at different prices as no court will sue it ( only till sdm law activated ) . hence farmer loses crop produce , msp , apmc and even land if weak with these laws . india has majority > 80 % of such small weak farmers who have zero bank support or price shock absorption . for this inequality and illegality to persist from delhi police till sachin is bought by the capitalist govt .
i support farmer's love from tamil nadu state
why ndtv india showing bbc . on you tube live
gujrati lion will soon eliminate all from punjab and hariana etc
police in delhi has been influtrated by isi agents from pakistan to destroy sikhism because the sikh are ready to go to war with pakistan takimg back lahore converting all the muslims back to their gentic blueprint of hinduism and sikhism we will teach them what guru nanak said that he will wash the quran of the satanic verses that are backwards and teach the muslims the mool mantra to remove the chains and brainwashing of the jinn god iblis that muslims worship .
modi is giving cores to muslim scholarships and makimg hindu secind class citizens in their own country . the religious history of sikhism was that lord rama sent the sikh army to stop the muslims from taking over india .
electricity is also turned off . report everything please
chakka jam was literally failed because of the barrieres .. and not hy the farmers willing to be soft . any one .. who .. think .. that farmers did cancelled .. arr wrong . if they were given another opporunity .. they would have created a hell . ye a hell .. and if police fired .. just guess .. ! pls do not misundestand me .. i supported the movement before .. but it is all getting " mafia " now . in any society .. it can not be allowed . make laws as an recommendation as sadhgure proposed ..
see my playlists .
7 hours 14k views and 94 lakhs subscribers no one is looking you you can go with your one way boomerang
blame it on policeman n amit shah ...
she is speaking chakka jaam in english
police working for modi not for union . 70 days of protests in biting cold tolerating 11 fake meetings losing 100 precious lives , resisting fortifications will never go invain . any retaliation by farmers will be fully supported and will be legal in any international court against neoliberal tyranny . this is just the start of revolution to reform socio politico order . all international channels have started airing this . total strength : 1 . 6 lakh tractors . 1 million farmers representing 60 % population . 2 . 4 crore pending litigants . 3 . 20 % urban unemployed . goals : 1 . swaminathan report full implementation . 2 . dethrone modi in full public view . 3 . dissolution till economic union .
everyone beware a lot of modi andh bhakt in the comments ! ! !
farm bills to be explained to gathered people in rally . what the acts contain and how these effect life of farmers and common man ? how these are helpful to businessmen ? to be explained in detail . i request lawyers to explain to farmers in easy language .
modiji plz take back the law . why u r so stubborn in this matter
jo hona hay wo hoga , , , internet connection ho ya na ho
how lovely when she say chakka jam
hahah what a government .. is it 5th generation of proverty ... really selfish mf people now days corrupted to self profitable and rise
unsubscribe godi media like times now , aaj tak , india today , republic tv , r bharat , zee news , abp news , india tv etc . all these channels are anti farmers .
those people are giving 750 rs each for taking vaccine ! but they are not giving justice to our farmers
supreme court has lost its credibility and government doesnt enforce all decisions made by it . it enforces only what are favorable to it . so far farmers have been ignored by all governments and conditions are getting worse . why should people have no say in democracy for laws passed for them and that too unconstitutionally ? in democracy , supporters of the laws , needed to make their case before passing the law not afterwards . that is dictatorship . so learn your constitution first , for your rights as citizens and functioning of government in democracy . now it is farmers , soon it can be you rights . pay attention to what ravish kumar is reporting .
government had been bringing down its gdp with loads of loans and is selling everything to private corporates . corrupt politicians and corporates are accumulating wealth and exploiting common people . when are they going to wake up ? if disputing party farmers are not seeking any redress from supreme court , it has no jurisdiction to resolve the issue . certainly it has no jurisdiction to retreat law , only government has . when the members of committee are already biased in favor of laws as per their past history , how can farmers trust them ? moreover , when did s . c . last time gave judgement against government ?
kutha modi and bjp louda
it is amazing that when a large number of farmers protest for their rights against the bills that passed in the parliament denying their demand when remaining out in the open ground at a so cold climate , how rest of the people sleep in own mahals , in their cozy facilities , not heeding their voice . how much we are concerned for the peasants group who have spend their whole energy to produce food grains for us . should not we give ear to them . think thrice , are they on wrong demand .
farmers should withdraw their protest on 3 farm laws because as per pm these laws are good for farmers . so let them try and live with these laws and if there is any problem after an year or so , they can start fresh agitation pointing the real problem evidenced . then the govt cannot turn a blind eye towards farmers .
farmers our heros
if evm is banned then only people support is needed to govern
bjp , rss are not consider family sentiment until india become hindu rashtra
farmers brave winter but india todays bi product ajj tak's cowardly facts .. dont try make people foolish .. all know your propagonda through your ajj tak .. lol
* india in deep trouble , human rights violations against poor framers in india . panga with sardars *
thanks for your solidarity of public and actor and actress and sports person and doctors . please help one another regardless of caste and religion and language and race . i stand with farmers rights . no farmer no food . please scarp new farmer law . please stop sale public sector
common man is with farmers . bjp is letting lakhs die on roads in such cold weather as this is cruilty . has bjp become east india company ? ? ?
farmers should come to court .. , . they live with facilittle staying and obstructing public adamantly ... bad courts ... this kind of protest if followed then delhi be always see these
this is so sad . please do something for them asap . this is torture . no one deserves this . my goodness .
modi criminal steps for ambani : 1 . boris johnson weird indo pak reply for farmer protest tabled by mp , thus becomes subsequent guest at republic day hints at post brexit sell off of farmers by modi for british rejuvenation ! 2 . modi shuffles court judges very quickly so that they don't even register pils of protests in chandigarh . 3 . shuts down parliament tor covid so that repeal of farm bill cannot be tabled while bjp continues crowding election rallies .
please arouse your conscience and stop biased reporting in favour of corporate and arrogant bjp govt . the hard working , honest common man is sleeping on roads in cold . please stand with the farmers
india in deep trouble , human rights are being violated * farmers are unhappy * pk
rajdeep go to site & capture all the pictures , & telecast without bias . farmers are across the country , it is not only punjab & haryana . bloddy these two states only grow paddy & wheat & get all subsidy ,
modi doesnt has shame tatti pm ... oxygen kaha hai vaccine kaha hai modi gadhe se pucho
pls take military action against these broker mandi walas protest funded by congress
stupid illiterate goons calling themselves farmers .
funds are drying up . they lived at protest site with free alcohol , beating up police and even alleged sexual assault . if they go home , they can not continue with this carefree attitude in front of family . so they are frustrated .
chor midea
modi should resign as he is failed as pm
leftside rld rightside cpim ? cpm cpim ballot box cpim cpim cpim
repeal three farm laws
sab congress hai
fake farmers . u like media provoking the people .
farmers are also anti nationals right ? look at this arrangement by govt just to stop the voice of the citizen . even british might havr not done this .
some political party blamed our honorable home minister that he was weeak in estimating the poor kisaan strengths . this is the time for him to demonstrate all the might of the minister .
it looks like they are prepping for zombie apocalypse ...
those who are doing like this , stop to eat food
now the farmers will use tunnel boaring machines there ...
banning chinese apps but copying china administration . wah modiji wah
ek phone call ki duri pe chai wala ..
india cant fight china on border . this is the proof . they are so poorly equiped and worst part is that they are scared with unarmed people ... no wonder china is boning india since 10 years .
what the hell is this
ar ye to india pakistan ka border ha 26jan can ve avoided btw
shameful event in our country
is it india china border ?
wow ! 26 january incident could have avoided !
bevkoof log abey itni barigating pakistan border pe kro to atankwadio se bchav ho skta h apne hi dekh me apne hk k liye ld rhey logo k liye barigating kr rhey ho vvvvveeeeeyyyyyyyy shameful
dharti putar k agee ye diware khilone hy
v bad bhut glt kr rhea india police
worlds largest dictatorship
the three farm bills have created fear and unrest . the farmers are fully aware of the implications these bills will have and understand the long term effect it can have on their livelihood and dignity . legal rights taken away : every indian will be affected by this bill , the most unjust imbalance of power . the law gives immunity to all civil servants , central and state governments , or any other person in respect of anything which is in good faith done or intended to be done under this act or of any rules or orders made hereunder . so , acceptance of the bill gives immunity to civil servants against legal action for crimes they have yet to commit ' in good faith ' . indian citizens will be excluded in right to legal recourse . it is very dangerous as it erodes the rights of every citizen . human rights : the treatment of the peaceful protestors has turned into a human rights violation . the bjp government has refused to grant repeal to the laws . they are simply outlining their usefulness . article 19 of indian constitution states freedom of speech and expression . dignity of farmers : farmers should be recognised by who they are and not what they give . farmers can be dying to get out of contract arrangements where they're not given concrete leverage and can be left with little energy to diversify their production . capitalist : contract farming is capital accumulation and exploitation of the farming society . contractors keep prices low to maximise profits . 1998 deregulated indian sugar industry did not improve farmers ' income . pursuit of profit drives corporates more than notion of public interest or democracy . contract farming : this should not be the only option . contract companies are monoculture , reluctant to re-invest back into farming communities ' rural interests . sub-standard commodities can be rejected . payments to farmers can be delayed . food : food will be exported pushing locals to rely on imports . natural seeds will be lost to manufactured products . storage of crop will result in driving food prices up or down , at the mercy of the stakeholders . legal contracts : contracts will be lengthy , costly litigation involved , lands will be leased long term and binding contracts will be difficult to exit . agreements are designed so they do not allow farmers to break out of poverty cycle . infrastructure : deregulated sugar industry did not improve infrastructure . roads at risk of destruction by haulage trucks from urban areas . environment : soils can be degraded , chemicals and excessive use of fertilisers all have negative footprint in a market driven crop . msp : the new bills clearly state that msp is not part of law . recommended resolution : empowering farmers to lead by experimentation , build consensus and make choices rather than embracing contract farming as the only option . farmers can yield trust-worthy results by understanding problems from all prospectives . explore broader ranges and allow leads to more innovative solutions that address underlying factors .
more than 150 precious indian farmers loss their life due to the peaceful protest.poor bjp goverment unable to find the solution to the suffering people in india.modi has sold the india to ambani & adani ? bjp is under collapse
why they want to make concentration camp atmosphere in a democracy ?
this is not the behavior expected of a democratic govmt . no confidence vote needed in lok sabha to remove modi . he does not deserve his position .
id will nt except , you need passport visa
why are companies still deducting money for internet if the services are not available to people . companies should refund the money for the day's internet is not available
welcome to kashmir !
this will not stop ppl from supporting farmers peaceful protest and humanitarian support is gathering around the world . will move to australian counsel general next week here . will protest here now .
shame on such a useless government ! ! !
this is how you take fascist terrorists to task . good job india
is this government run for the people , by the people , off the people for ordinary man ?
finally acche din are here ! ! india this is your last chance to save whatever is left ..
56 inch could not stop china . so , he declared indian farmers his enemy and defend himself from people of india .
very good ... fake farmer protests should end now
i am in favour of these farm laws from the very beginning .
shame on delhi police shame on you .
desh ke number 1 news cha ndtv .
bjp government has ruined the country ...
media motherchoth hi
evm government has launched ' state . terrorism ' . kisaan ekta jindabad
modi the criminal right hand of ambani .
modi you need to make gujarat wall keep gujarati out of india because you don't have gandhi m anymore
this is north korea not india
purani herkat . internet down . kashmir mey bhi hai . lockdown bhi , wha se shuru hai . media ban bhi wha se shuru hua . forces , road blocks , ka seen bhi wha jaisa hai . 2k ek he jaise ho gye
where is anna hazare sleeping in modihouse or babaramdev house
ha ha ha ha ha it is compulsory for new ab ki baar modi sarkar
shame on modi
india now under control of israel and modi gov only the face , same things israel done at gaza or palestine .
supreme court wake up ! have a coffee and do your job for once
shame on dp
rip democracy in india
the whole world is watching you bjp
end of bjp very soon
isse accha toh angrez the
ndtv is anti india propaganda generating machine . evil journalism . shame on ndtv
modi govt blocking websites in india who are showing true news from protest site
ndtv only show this news . we have to ban ndtv
bhonk ne kuch nai hoga doston ... bas ye cheez mat bhulna 2024 election tak
indian democracy is dead it seems . hindutva rashtra is in place and adani & ambani buying state assets for peanuts ! ! !
very good decision we have to teach lesson to these goondas . ndtv also with them shame on you .
now china will learn from india how to be a oppressive regime . modern day fascism by bjp . pappyu's party might be corrupt but even they haven't stooped down to such low levels .
this is called fascism ...
modi fascist government showing its true colours .
please cover arnab's trp scam
is it war ?
kangana is such a bitch ! ! sitting from her high tower of money and calling the farmers terrorists . such a shame ! .
punjab ruling congress govt funding these protests using pakistan and china money
so r u guys going to do with modi what you did to indira gandhi ? " sick " ppl kill our pm coz she did what was right
i think diljith choosen wrong decision
that's why sanjay rautji called her haramkhor
pakistan and china funding these protests using punjab ruling congress party
love you diljit veereh ... a punjabi sisters and mother's bless you a long happy life ...
people who visit canada london australia and sing pop songs about luxury cars girls drugs are today becoming farmers and part time politicians from kangana to diljit they are just interfering in politics for money shame on bollywood
if we see sonu sood he has never met any such activities like jnu , caa now farmer protest but when country need he was came whithout any special gesture .
very appreciable diljit
chutiya ko fan following chhiye .. lodu lalit ...
gurdas maan kithe ha ... ? jo bolda c song vich apna punjab hove ...
if it remains a farmers issue . it's fine . but if it becomes khalistani issue then strict action should be taken against anyone who is sowing seeds of such hatred against india .
kangna or what ever shit name is goes by may u rot in hell fast
because of kangana is there today favour he before
good stand paji ... we need a greater movement with big personality like u for farmers .
our farmers should produce edible oils seeds , all types of dals and go far poultry farms , dairy farms . our milk in not pure in may places .
gobar eater can never understand how this works
accha pizza berger aur maggi noodles sab kha rahe ho aur jo company ka bycoott karne ki baat kah rahe ho vo sara food products company's ki den hai . maje se picnic ka maza le rahe hai .
these farmer making fool to indian citizen , they just doing politice behind andolon , send army nd hardly send them home by force , they just making picnic during andolon
pm cares fund ka audit hona chahiye ... ?
if india is really a democracy pm of india would have withdrawn the pro-ambani laws . for ambani , by adani , of tata .
protesters nakli kisan must be shown the door
as per usual bias indian government
it is not lathicharge , it is the most cruel form of mob-lynching by your delhi police and bjp mundas . use the right language , don't take it lightly . many times i wonder as if indians have no heart or feelings or compassion , kia pathaar dil ho sab ?
those are gandu mentality people who hide behind police and pelt stones
pls aware n careful west bengal peoples ... pls pls pls kisi ko b jitwo but bjp walo goondoo ko nahi ... tum b smgdaar ho dakh sakta ho
bcz politics was helping bjp goons and the gundi police were beating innocent people even beating ladies too shameful
the man with the sword who was allegedly attacking the policeman was actually protecting a girl who was being taken by goons that attacked to singhu borders ( where one of the protests is happening ) he " attacked the police because they were stopping him from protecting her . they beat him up . put their foot on his face . grabbed him by the kesh ( hair is very sacred to sikhs ) . now he is serving time in jail . for what ? self-protection . ha ... india you joke .
the gov should resign.they can't handle some farmers issue but esculate it out of proportion . shame - ego and greed is the upmost attitude of this racist govt
my god.shocking video of police brutility . police should be charged for human right violation.un pls take note
modi govt is in full majority .. kisi ke baap me dum nahi hai unhe hilane ka ...
modi govt . is helpless in front of corporate ... money matters ...
they obviously make us waste our time watching this well i trade forex from the comfort of my home with the help and guidance of an expert trader carlos _1uptrades on ! g .
delhi police is also to blame here
india is based on attacking muslims , dalits and now sikhs etc
these crude and uncouth cops should first get their senses back . they themselves come from the class of masses they are beating to pulp at the command of anti-socials that are acting as their masters . it is the people that pay them their salary and feed them bread that they are ruthlessly killing and torturing . if the cops have any love for their job and this nation , and if they have any sense of duty and conscience , they should stand with the people of this country and their just demands and cause rather than behaving like robots , acting as the tools in the hands of people that are trying to destroy this nation , including them and their families as well . the people that make the bureaucracy , judiciary , defense and every democratic institution should have common sense enough to understand that the policies the sanghee government takes affect them as well directly or indirectly , sooner or later .
this is how they treat public its digital india
modi ke 20 gunde beating one innocent person
modi recruited these thugs ! ! thats how they reached there ! why are your not showing the real videos / images of police brutality
look how they are hitting the farmers we need to hit them back kill them
and americans make a big deal out of george floyd when i saw multiple indian police grouped and beating a man with sticks
this evil government is working for usa ...
wow what a police ... 10 beating one ... great indians . shame
the tyranical opression of innocent kashmiris was seemingly not enough for modi sarkaar as it has now resorted to imposition of draconian laws upon its innocent poor farmers . wake up indians before this warmongering lunatic leads you to complete and utter ruin
delhi police shame shame
hindu and sikhs are brothers , most importantly we all are indians . some sikh youth may be mad with modi government but as a indian sikh will never bring a bad name to our country . lets unite and fight the cause of negating those powers who get hindu sikh fighting or muslim hindu riots . the day we think about each other india will on the top .
there is no police security - the police are with the gunddey , not the farmers !
guys please know that the indian government did this exact same thing in 1984 . sikhs were fighting the corrupt government then too , they were fighting for india . they were not asking for khalistan . but the government maligned their movement like they tried to do with this one , calling them terrorists and khalistanis and turned hindus against sikhs . and since there was no social media at that time , the public was successfully fooled by the government ( congress at the time ) . bjp is the same as congress . remember that in the next elections people . vote for someone different than these two if you really want to see change . if you really want to see a true democratic india with a government that is for its people , and not looting its people in broad daylight . please realize this before its too late , before indian is bought by goons .
people who are against kisaan are none other than bjp andh bhagat we appeal all who support farmers to give their presence at singhu border jai kisaan jai hind
you call it drama , seriously ? ? ?
this is what happened to minorities of that stupid country thats why we moved to canada and america because we are not terrorists we dont want to kill or beat innocent people this is a same torture we saw in 84 something we will never forget
this stuff makes normal people terrorists so stop mr modi plz it will come around
it is so unfair that sikh farmers can't even defend themselves and the farmers , . the guy who has been arrested was just defending the farmers from the goons who were stone pelting and hurting the farmers.shameful act .
saw the delhi police not controlling thugs doing there job to protect innocent kisan . those thugs and police throwing stones and destroying tents . godi media is destroying the country with lies and twisting the facts .
police shame modi hitler
appeal to international human rights commissions . please look at the delhi police how they are beating and killing innocent farmers with bjp rss gunda . shame on india's human value . please ban rss .
yeh log desh bahgat bn rhe ... i think pehle ki history acchi thi ... there were mugals n angrej ... or yeh desh baghat us history se das guna jeada gande hai
indian government have gunda mentality . i feel bad for most of the indians
when police beat up people it is justified by news . when farmers beat up police it is violent . modi media
thanks for showing bjp and rss goons
answer how protest entered into delhi redfort where is high security is present on the day of jan 26
30 cops beating one farmer , hope that happens to there families
let's unite and free from the hands of evil ! bravo farmers ! goon days are ending soon !
india stand with farmers
if the police gave a damn they would never have let those 200 or so people near the protest site . end of .
ias nooh from kerala can solve this issue if pm call.him to delhi
rss people damaged the infrastructure . we want separate country . khalistan zindabad
police is doing mob lynching
ndtv and its viewers are not the smartest people . when the situation is so charged up and with the international media following every move , the last thing the indian government would do is to be seen as promoting any violence . if anything they only have a lot to loose , so they are unlikely to be involved . the fringe elements who have infiltrated the protesters have a lot to gain however . now go figure out how it happens .
they only attacking farmers . why police have not beaten gundas who are attacking on farmers . that why internet stopped in haryana . so that everyone should not see police involvement s
planned attack by police with bjp gunde
this is how we treat sikhs in india . i just want the rest of you know we will not forget this ever .
30 cops beating one farmer ! ! !
i don't appreciate dozens of police man beating the sikh man on his head . shame on indian police . does no one have a heart anymore ? ? ?
who are in civilian clothes with the police ? ? rss bjp minions ?
bjp it cell going crazy
this corrupt government is putting jawana against kisans to give profits to their funders . jawan should join kisan to make them realise none can rule us . they need to realise they are servants , stop misusing powers . we need media and government to serve people and people rate them not that pro-bjp is indian and anti-bjp is terrorist . street dogs and kachadhari are no match for these farmers , so better they hide in their houses the way they were before 27th
bjp facist , anti nationals atacking farmers with delhi police help . let through with their permission .
really bad , no one is safe in india if our poilce is working like this . they should not do police service
really hurt , shame on our police
request all the farmers reach protest site as soon as possible
the police at singhu boader is not protecting the protester instead police and goon hitting the protester together . thats why they join the police force not for the safety of innocent people but supporting goons . god save india
we have to beat delhi police like same way they beat this sikh man if im there i will cut this police head
shame on police allowing goons to attack farmers protest site and then attacking farmers who resisted . they will have to answer god one day .
this is real police brutality
as an academic / professional / judges / journalist / writer / speaker , who writes / speaks forcibly ( without fact / truth or poetic mood ) , writes / speaks , amoral / factious , just for the sake of fame / glory / money . s / he who restricts the truth by killing emotions . s / he cannot be an academic / professional / judge / journalist / writer / speaker in the true spiritual spirit of truth . those people who comes to your , and vice versa you at their door ( threshold ) , but does not demand anything . who treats you with respect even though you tease them ( disparage with your language / article ) . and if you look beyond your naked eye , you would find them to be a true-worshipper , worshipper of the almighty creator , and not just a beggar . people who believes in the truth conscious and orientatedteacher / guru , they who work hard in their respective professions . even if they are defeated , they still win in the end and get emancipated / liberated , no decree ( allegation ) is applicable to them . as any academic / professional / judges / journalists / writers / speakers who fails to uphold academic integrity and indirectly brought disrepute to their profession . has committed a deplorable slander sin.one needs to speak out against injustice & lies . by being mere spectator , allow multifaceted lies to conceive and born . so , speak out , in order justice & truth prevails . academic integrity defines academic integrity as a commitment , even in the face of adversity , to 7 fundamental values : fairness , honesty , integrity , respect , responsibility , trust , and virtue . from these values flow principles of behavior that enable academics / professionals communities , to translate ideals to action . the fundamental values of academic integrity describes these core values in detail . and out of many key quotes that contribute to the foundation of academic integrity's core beliefs are as following : fairness : - injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere . we are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality , tied in a single garment of destiny . whatever affects one directly , affects all indirectly . - - martin luther king , jr . honesty : - one word of truth outweighs the whole world . - - alexander solzhenitsyn integrity : - be daring , be different , be impractical ; be anything that will assert integrity of purpose and imaginative vision against the play--it--safers , the creatures of the commonplace , the slaves of the ordinary . - - cecil beaton responsibility : - the willingness to accept responsibility for one's own life is the source from which self-respect springs . - - joan didion respect : - let every man / person be respected as an individual and no man / person idolized . - - albert einstein trustworthiness : - love all , trust a few , do wrong to none . - - william shakespeare virtue : - wealth is a weak anchor , and glory cannot support any person , this law of land & creator , only virtues are firm and cannot be shaken by any tempest . - - swami vivekananda if one reads the aforementioned 7 values , and 8th is the courage , plus more coexisting truth propounding and compatible moral ethical values of treasure trove recorded in the sri guru granth sahib ( sggs ) . only principles of truth with courage is propounded in sggs , and teaching contains 1430angs ( limbs ) , containing 5,894 hymns of 36 saint mystics which includes sikh teacher / guru sahiban 6 ( teacher ) , bhagats / saints 15 ( hindu / muslim ) , bhatts 11 ( learned bhramins whose teaching actions were based on righteous / truthful ) andgursikhs 4 ( sikh baptised desciple ) . it is notable among only foundational faith scripture for including hymns from writers who practiced other faiths.courageously , fairness , honestly , integrity , respect , responsibility , trust & virtue , namely hindus and muslims and not deprive / denied their rights by referencing their names wherever their teachings appears / recorded . though guru granth sahib is written in thegurmukhi ( truth uttered from teacher / guru , ones own mouth ) script , its pronunciation is authentic in various languages , includinglahnda ( western punjabi ) , braj bhasha , kauravi , sanskrit , sindhi , andpersian . copies in these languages often have the generic title ofsant bhasha . sggs propounds message ( by preceptors regardless of casteism / faiths ) of acceptance , diversity , equality & inclusivity . sggs fundamental creed : he ( creator ) is the sole supreme being ; of eternal manifestation ; creator , immanent reality ; without fear ; without rancour ; timeless form ; unincarnated ; self-existent ; realized by grace of the holy preceptor . regardless of one's faith , s / he who has conscious conscience , and courageously propound principles of truth and practice righteousness , are the ones who are known as humane . only such person can bring principles and ideal of truth & righteousness to maturity whereverthey are present can be experienced . so , that humanity can blossom , flourish , justice and truth prevails . regards , greeting , saat sri akaal / except truth & creator nothing is eternal in time memorial .
kerala and all the humens all over india stands with kisan protest for farmers for us .
shameless for indian govt
worst govt ever ! this govt is not for farmers or for the people of this nation . have completely destroyed the economy , jobs and democracy . the govt should show atleast some remorse and repeal all disputed farm bills immediately . just think of the absurdity of this govt's reforms . it is already made the law of the nation and we should salute the farmers who stayed focused and led this protest for each of us and not allow this fake bjp party to break this nation . full support to our dear farmers !
support the formers of india
this shows there is no pm in this world who is more heartless than chu * * * modi
kishan hai hindustan i love farmers
farmers need to stop burning stubble . they need to mulch the stubble into the soil . mulching the stubble will add nutrients into the soil and reduce air pollution from burning . mulching will increase incomes by reducing costs for fertilizers and water . mulched soil is healthier and holds water better . farmers could share a mulching machine and it can go from farm to farm to share the cost . the government should provide mulching machines at a discount to farmer groups . mulching machines can be shared by groups of farmers .
violent agitation .. by farmers .. why do u destroy.morethan . two thousand . cell towers ? who will bear the loss ?
delhi now severe cold and rain non violations protest by children and young people and the elderly are struggling to defend their livelihoods the central government should accept the demand of the farmers suicides and deaths of farmers should be prevented shame on police of india . the court must take immediate action
welcome to godi media full of lies a payed media by bjp
this just goes to show the resilience of our farmers , who this brazen government is trying their level best to put them into a wall . farmers , i salute you , our brave farmers , you'll are the sweethearts and the bread baskets of our nation .
jai jawan jai kisan . support farmers , rest will keep barking in the streets .
farmers should stop supply of food products and make people understand that without farmers there is no india
support farmers protest
fekku family rejected no one expecting from fekku 1 - mercy 2 - faith 3 - family affection 4 - child trust waste of time fekku cricket ambire .. adani ... ambani .. wicket 43 .. out
fully paid ppl stay to do drama till republicday few genuine will move out and few khalistan / china / pak / congress sponsored ppl will stay do drama till action from govt is taken ... first felt bad for formers but when slowly things unfolded like pizza peg party and gym etc .. within a month we got to know this was never farmers moment it was more of anti modi rahul pappu sponsored groups
thanks for updating on farmers agitation india today
in short farmers lost .. as mota bhai is unmoved .. who are they peacefully protesting against , the ones who has voilence ingrained right into their marow .
dumb sonia gandhi only knew that no . of farmers are not even 1 % of total farmers .
half of these so called farmers have already left bcos of bad weather ... those left behind doing this circus will leave only after they make international headlines on republic day their intention is not to solve the issue but to prolong it , otherwise they wouldn't have announced the tractor parade , before talks on 4th jan ...
nothing wrong with new farmers laws ...
wy not answering this question yeh tyari pehle b ki jaa skti thi or wy u people not supporting farmer
this is reason for barricade
surprisingly for 2 mo . no violence , maha panchayat no violence but on 26th jan violence - public knows everything & who really did the violence . why has police not arrested deep sidhu the bjp agent who did the violence to spoil farmer names
new international border has moved to delhi . waste of public funds - what a joke indian government has become .
sir this is the last time ... no one will ever forget what happing right now ... this will cost bjp pary ... in 2024 and so on ...
because of these many students could not attend kvpy exam , which was on 31st january . many more entrance exams are coming . interact with students on teachers day is not means that ... you care for students
shame on delhi police
question to be answered not question to the asked to questioner may be he didn ' t get the question right action to nab the culprit is soloow or intentional or already captured . jai jawan jai kisan
police should not give another chance to those criminals to attack them or to indulge in violence or insult our national symbols . violaters should b strongly dealt with . we cannot afford to have more violence .
this police man afraid of hindustan times but he loves godi media
this police man got millions from govt . that's why he is licking
police has not strengthened the existing barricade but they have done permanent barricading which is wrong , they don't care about local residents ' problems in commuting.yes we did ask that how security lapse occurred at lal kila but police has no answer to that .
pehle hi laal qile k bhr lgate or borders pe b ... shi h ... bewakof log the jinhone laal qile m ye sb kia ... idiots
police are being controlled by bjp
shame on indian government
fake farmers will not even meet with government to discuss the bill ... this is after years of asking for reform due to suicides , drought , faulty msp pricing , etc ! it is only an attack on modi and the fake farmers are trying to cause anarchy .
satyameve jayate ... thank you , police . these are far left , canada-funded terror groups who want to defame indians .
when the rulers are afraid , fortress will be built
you purposely didnt control the situation . we also have videos of police taking selfie with the farmers at red fort . and sitting on the side instead of stopping . there was no violence until that point . so what happened . obviously it was preplanned . the way barricades are installed at delhi borders , i wish you had installed at the borders where china built a village inside india .
government is definitely responsible
dont mislead . you were in the position to control but you purposely didnt . now , you are barricading as if china is sitting at delhi borders .
<user> : 44 our journalists are impeccable . just the studios are messed up !
we have to listen both the sides
since delhi is building walls and borders to stop the public to enter or leave . farmers needs to build a trojan horse like greeks built one to enter the city of troy and won the war . ( trojan is a huge hollow wooden horseconstructed by the greeks to gain entrance and win the city of troy during the trojanwar . ) the moral of the greek war is no matter how smart you are , your greed will make you fall . the same goes for these goons . bjp , rss are so greedy they want everything for themselves . and it will make them fall into their own greed trap to lose everything . stay strong brothers , their end is near . we will see them with shit on their faces in the near future .
shame for doing this . no free press allowed , building a border within the country . we are not far away from beating north korea's track record .
police commissioner is talking like stupid
what about all those bjp workers ? will the police arrest them as well .
bring our kissan sons back from border and send these policemen to borders let's see how these policemen deal with china
this is mudder of indian democracy by our prime minister modi , i fell ahame that i born in india #justiceforkissan
shame on delhi police . puppet of central govt
government should go ahead with the bill
jallian wala bagh under construction . .
avi thokai chalu koro , deshdrohi ko relief nahi hona hai .
it's so funny during caa protest , delhi riots , everyone blamed one person tahir hussain , and now this police officer doesn't want to take one person's name . it's a sad sad day in our country . only way to show solidarity with farmers is by coming to roads . all indians come together in each state in each village in every road . everyone all at once ! this nation needs to be protected from the current goons ruling our country and not our protestors !
this not a police officer janab , this man bjp party network man or rss network people from : chennai city , tamil nadu , south india .
very strange police guy who climbed the pole is invisible ? who created barricade to divert farmers from police approved route ... aliens kept barricades on approved route indians are patriotic turning more patriotic few government " servants " are turning more " sincere " to the rulers just for few pension , powers , promotions long live corrupt govt officials ! ! ! cant one govt police ias ips resign and come to media to reveal truth is cowardice distrust non-patriotism taught in dehradun ias ips training academy ... sad ... death of honesty in ips
ye tyari pehle bhi to hosakti thi 1:45 ? ? why he didn't reply ? ? ? what did he is hiding ? ?
why they didn't done this before 26th jan . ? yes ... and here the reporter asked this question to him 1:45 and he didn't reply did govt wanted that incident to happen ?
all are not farmers , some of them are scoundrels who just try to take revenge from country & countries commercial assets . delhi police should be prepared because their intentions are always to destroy public places & take revenge in any of the form .
i can see alot of buthurts opportunist calling the barricading the protest site is inhuman and violation of human right ! i mean seriously ? last time when you people charged on police force in the name of farm protest didn't u guys see what happened . they were lucky that day that police didn't used any force on farmers . otherwise it would have been bloodbath for sure . i have seen 100 farm protest in my lifetime but not like this .
shameless police ... have lost all their conscience . nation is not a geographical boundry , it is the people that dwell within it . orwellian india !
they dont want to talk about vyaktivishesh because deep is one from them
coming up : barricade cess on gst . revolution stage : modi stops roads now farmers will attack by drones .
violence from a few idiots has undermined the farmers cause . hope this does not give the govt an excuse to go ahead with the bill
police in support of bjp gundays
amit shah ke tommy se kya pooch rahe ho .
well said sir to thiss fakerss
my views : in any situation , the current government should be held responsible be it the 26th jan incident ( it was government failure ) or the ongoing current protest . they have intelligence , police , and whatnot . they still have not been able to arrest the alleged actor deep sidhu . people of delhi / ncr are suffering . daily commute has become so so inconvenient , i consider it a government failure . do you ? ? ?
cant even block chinese agression but blocking farmers using everything . use those barricade to stop chinese instead .
shame on you
deep sidhu is your brother .
we are all know , whom you are working for . it's bjp .
when will delhi police who were brutally beating farmers be punished ?
delhi police is not eat indian foods
yeh keel he bjp ko puncture krenge . aur police jo ik trfa rol nibha rhe hai us pr bhi pooch lo.sindhu border pr khud gunda bn gye delhi police jo caron k sheeshe tod rhe the , medical team ko peat diya . us pr bhi pooch lo bhai is gulam se
26 jan m km kaam keya to prblm logo ko abb bechare krr rhe to b problem police is right
he should have been sent to indo chinese border ! ! !
trap them , if not they will burn the whole city .
us police directly kill the people ... then what ? the bad element should be treated like this .
so that they won't able to send their man to unleash violence like republic day and claims to be innocent . any other states don't have any rights to block another state for protest , delhi isn't enemy country and this isn't medieval time where you can gather the crowd and attack neighboring state .
bjp call 9797475207 pb08 ee 37 22 9463829100 9779 980729call news
india needs more reforms , support farm bills
its just their profession .. playing emotional in that name .. looters of the nation
farm laws tho pdh lo atleast . mandi ya msp band hogi tho hmm protest krrege tumhare sath but aasa hoga nhi
all types of subsidies including farm loan waiver and msp should be immediately stopped as it is onslaught on the hard working middle class taxpayers with no jobs guarantee in highly competitive and cut throat world.this so called farmers get their livelihoods in inheritance and if not butter then at least roti and roof on the head is guaranteed but even highly qualified professionals are not sure from where theirs next meals will come . '
shabash very good
people are like from where are we getting funded . we donate 1/10 th of our income for the needy , moreover the people living abroad are mostly prosperous and send huge help to our brothers and sisters who are protesting . agencies like khalsa aid and many others are working to raise funds . dont get shocked by the fact that farmers have acs . we have earned it not annexed it like most in politics
its become fashionable to seize delhi first caa protests then farmers protest . tax payers of delhi are facing the problems . also the insecurity has increased .
most of these folks cannot even tell what the farm bill says
not sure how are they getting funded . i have lived in up and bengal bihar never seen farmers having so much of cash to spend
, ac cooler tv fridge audi
no dought , calculation of modi govt is much better then kisan union
why saurav drivedi is not going to farmers protest
farmers ke ghar me ac bhi hoti hai . i am shoking .
hebby kissan ho tum yar ac and they need msp , this shows total wastage of tax payers money .
# stop privatization of public sector bank
farmers of maharashtra dont have pucca home to live due to policies of all the governments . i appreciate the efforts for modi gov . and really of hope that the new laws will help farmers to improve their situation . keep up modi gov .
hi-tech protest of 21st century
kisano ke ghar me ac aur fridge they r doing suicide because of bank loan
ye mere village se hai or mere uncle bhi hai inme good job proud to you
our farmers are crorepati inverter , ac , bus , led , refrigator , saab
save farmers save nation
well done dear all farmers . you are the real fighters . we are with you .
the state of panjab needs protection , as well as other states who are protesting right now ... they need support to grow its economy , industry , to clean environment , ecology , employment , right wage , housing , clean water , just to mention few , also , income that not only support their day to day life but have surplus to buy food that is nutritious ! ! ! etc .. there are some mps who are working hard to name one , , , recently , bhagwant maan brought out some of the fruad out in the open and held a meeting with the press , in which he brought peoples letters and bills showing , that the government gave the city of dehli free electricity , but panjab they were charging people 3,000 and above ruppees ... also , bhagwant maan visited villages where the electric board had cut off electricity ... bhagwant maan also caught traffic officers blocking people and asking for bribes ... in one village the bridge had broken in half a year ago and the officer in charge done nothing ... knowing that children used the bridge to pass over and everyday people to carry out their daily life ...
... these officers and angecies in charge should not get away with this kind of crime , felony , atrocities , damage to the country's people and mismanagement ... there is so much talk about cm of panjab being threatened and many more who wants to do something about the problems created by the government and the government is frightening them and their officials and employees when the people are being threatened by the government , people need to have recorded evidence and expose the government . or ask the government to put it in writing ... whatever the action need to be taken rather than verbal , so that it caan be evidence from which person it came from ... this is one of the way to eradicate corruption ... also , the courts need to protect the vulnerable ... the judicial law has to step in and apply the law ... to save india ; india is becoming a mockery in the world ... because there is no intelligent system . i say , to those , stop making lot of noise in rajya sabha and lok sabha and do some real work ... discuss the work not done but was promised . ask repeatedly and don't get tired of it ... and those who are not doing their work ... remind them , when you get hired , , , its all about the performance ... and not just about the seat and looking good and sitting pretty ... do some work for a change , you get paid for it ... if you don't that money will be taken off you and given to the poor ... do you know that system ... ? we want mps and related officials , who suppose to be looking after the citizens of the country , to work hard and not just get paid for coming to the office ... the phenomena is being seen over and over agian , where many mps being interviewed by tv , and reporters , where the interviewer consistently asked them , what have you done for the people ? ? ? these many mp's had nothing much to say ... because the question was you have been in government for few years , what have you done ? we are still waiting for you and your agency to do something . people are tired of false promises ... i say , . let these mps have a warning , to be not inactive , mps who are full of talk but no action ... and no realism , or argument to solve issues , neither challenging the structure , function , transaction or the false behaviour and irrational mentality of leaders of the country ... instead , they take the attention away from them and try o create false agenda ... let me ask you a question , when you are hired there is description of the role you are hired for , if you can't do the job ... don't take the job ... you must have understood that the performance is needed in a job ... not silly arguments to make yourself look good that you can talk ... talk is cheap ... additionally , there are lot of mps taking pictures with their colleagues in a higher position and smiling , how can you sleep at night when people who are of your parents age are sleeping ruff on the streets .. i say shame on you , , what are you proud of ... having a seat means nothing , you lot are a burden to the society . and so does the whole of rajya sabha , lok sabha , state cms , amit shah , and agencies as such and those who are gone deaf and dumb and blind ... mindless ..
1 . there should be discussions on saving sikh life , the minority , 2 % of sikh people in india , who are busy feeding and looking after rest of india and in return , no acknowledgement or development of state of panjab , nor caring for its stability , no problem solving , no productive change , and no real political sense or order operating in the state of panjab for their security , well-being , projects of employment , or other means of income or resource . i let and encourage people of other states to raise their voice too , its not one man / woman war } . 2 ... discuss the growth of diversity , and give analysis , of the discipline of politics , method of politics , investigate the the gatekeepers of the political world , challenging , by using agencies from abroad . there are plenty who have links and expose bad running of the political system . get together elected representatives and make them talk ... when they get phone calls of bribes and asking them to move over to their parties , ask them put it in writing and record their conversation also as proof of evidence ... the public is the judge , judge the institution and their wisdom . bribery is nothing to laugh , but people have in the past , that's why things have got so worse now ... know this people , bribery is a felony and unlawful , report and here should be fir against these people and not against innocent farmers ... 3 ... ask why modi is bringing back master and slave culture . its old hindu system function , why modi is walking backward , it did not work then . it will not work in this contemporary , modern and educated world ! ! !
i'm always support to farmers i'm belong to a formers family my family members are the farmers jay jaban jay kishan
first they came for the socialists , and i did not speak outbecause i was not a socialist . ( replace socialist with seculars ) then they came for the trade unionists , and i did not speak out because i was not a trade unionist . ( replace tu with farmers ) then they came for the jews , and i did not speak outbecause i was not a jew . ( replace jew with muslims ) then they came for meand there was no one left to speak for me . ( it's you ) famous nazi quote
please dont stand with farmers , bcs they dont have one stand .
again zamindari system has started but in future every one will suffer mostly poor and middle class family what is going on in india really its bull shit
they are not framers they are paid congress brokers , making violence in society , not necessary to strick , weaste of time
fucked up news channel
govt please tell military to handle this they will take care of this
this is politically motivated by vested interests hell bent on stopping this and future reforms . government must stand firm on the bill .
but won't it be better for farmers themselves if they get to choose the selling price ?
why only punjab and hariyana farmers in protest and why opposition only maki g protest and not farmers in all other states , , ,
it's a law for the farmers that they don't want . if the government is so keen to help them then listen to them . you say the law is for them they , don't like it so remove it . they work and know more than the once's sitting in ac offices .
war with whom ? ? ? what rubish title .. godi media
i am still not clear about the issues involved in the farmer's agitation . so , i asked a friend of mine , who besides engineering is a farmer from abohar - fazilka region of punjab . now , after retirement he is a full time farmer . this is what he told me . " i have been actively farming for almost two decades now and i have witnessed many things happen at apmcs . i have seen classifications of c grade grain miraculously change into b grade grain . similarly i have also witnessed the weigh bridge weigh in the empty truck at 39 tons and the full truck at 55 tons and later found that the unloaded truck weighed 43 tons at another weigh bridge . yes i know , you know what i know . yet , let me tell you more about what you may already know . there are over 30,000 registered adtiyas in punjab . these 30,000 employ another 300,000 sub agents or sidekicks or people who wouldnt have made it into doing anything anyplace were it not for the patronage network of these 30,000 . there are only 1500 farming villages in punjab . 330,000 / 1500 is about 220 people on average per village doing the work of middlemen . why is this the case ? its a long story but someone needs to begin talking about this at some time . we had a food shortage and a ship to mouth existence until the 1970s . norman borlaugh pioneered a variety of wheat which gave 10 x the yield but needed 3x the fertiliser . the punjab was chosen as the battleground against hunger . enterprising sikh farmers worked hard to create what we know as the green revolution . since there were huge shortages . laws were made which didnt allow for stockholding or selling at farm gates . essential commodities act apmc act ( farmers were compelled to sell only at apmcs to licensed traders - remember license permit quota raj ? ) as an assurance to the farmer for his hard work . minimum support prices were guaranteed . no matter what the quantum . sarkar would pick it up and provide farmers with a minimum amount as compensation per quintal or ton as the case maybe . getting money out of the sarkari treasury is a muck filled process . thus was born the breed of middle men who walked the corridors of bureaucracy , government and worked corrupt sarkari babus . political patronage networks flourished . 220 : 1 is the ratio of middlemen to a single village in punjab today . this business got integrated backwards . corruption was professionalised . for instance , i have in my circle of influence or immediate family , folks who own very large tracts of land . ( 100 acre plus holding ) . the thekedar comes and takes the theka of growing on the land . for those unfamiliar with the word , theka its also referred to as contract . i know there are grumblings about corporates contracting with farmers directly now . i also know why . you should too . anyways ; to cut a long story short . plenty farmers do , not much except receive their due at the end of each cropping season . what is grown ? what grade or quality ? for how much is it sold ? would it have fetched the similar price in the open market ? where is it sold ? how is it sold ? whos the end beneficiary ? does anybody consume it or does it go to waste ? was there a better way to do whats being done ? all the above is none of my business or yours . as long as you receive your cheque . why do you care ? the jamkhedkar committee meanwhile reports that over 40 % of the grain acquired under msp by fci is either unfit for consumption or is simply wasted . all told , one out of every two kilos acquired is wasted . years of perfidy have today given birth to this . msp has ensured that there is no necessity to seek profitable enterprise . its also given birth to the patronage networks which survive off the sarkari teat and refuse to breakaway . its given rise to a political class which thrives and survives of being specialist corrupt thugs . there was no sunset clause on this . nobody foresaw a time of surplus production on food grains . result ; all other states such as haryana , up , bihar , rajasthan & mp all produce surfeits of grain . they also have their own msp mechanisms which have proliferated and created similar political patronage networks . since more is acquired at mandis in punjab . remember the central government promise . grain from up and or bihar also finds its ways into the mandi system of punjab . the trucks being under weight and over paid for and the grades changing are common place practise , you can go for a few days to the mandi and figure out how to make a killing by doing this . i dont advise it , this is what the system is current day . i advise , try doing truthful clean work . its more fulfilling . soon enough , youll also be one of those know it alls in the mandi who doesnt talk to others . after all information is power . all this is paid for by you dear tax payer . the annual bill for this is approximately 8 lakh crores . why dont the farmers grow something else . something more profitable . if im being paid for doing precisely nothing . why bother with competing . where is the incentive to compete ? i would rather go and picket the roads leading into delhi to ensure that the existing system isnt threatened . " quite a racket ! what a shame .
modi you should be ashamed of yourself .
138 crore - people of indians are eating daily food because of farmer day & night effort and hardship . should the pm and cm's sensible to that ? no concerns by goi so far
support from andhra pradesh
save nation from bjp .
modi must resign along with amit shah . support our farmers .
i am pity for farmer
bjp channel india today shame shame
the problem is that the government has lost the confidence of the farmers .
why the government implement.the law . without discussing with farmers befor . this government is a group of crooks
mr , modhi & sha they are fake , every indians especially knew very well farmers , , therefore modhee .. amith sha should remove the new laws , this will be quite otherwise center government will have to taken much difficulty ,
it is beyond any understanding , that our home minister amit shah is putting another pre-condition for talks with the farmers ! after so many months of relentless protests of our brave farmers , the government without any positive response till now , how can he put another condition for resuming talks ? it is ridiculous from the side of the government to talk like this !
support and respect farmers
when the constitution has given the right to the states to make the laws on agriculture produce any laws made by the centre have no legal status so where is the question of repealing these bills . the state governnents cannot implement these laws & the hon'ble president should realise that he has been hoodwinked into signing these bills and show some responsibilty & call for a joint session of parliament and question the government ' s unconstiturional way of functioning which is moving towards destruction of democracy .
bjp rss go back
in india physically handicapped pay income tax but rich and super rich farmers do not .
please continue the stir my dear punjabi brothers . i would like to contribute towards my punjabi farmers . please provide me details as to where i can send some money . a small contribution for my elder brothers and sisters . i love punjabis i love farmers .
i support this
no farmers no food so plz support farmers
government should not buckle down under any circumstances to farm bill reforms . let them return padma shree and padma bhibhusan award or even form a union / polarization of religion . it is a ploy of upa to weaken the policies of government and claim political mileage . let the national interest prevail .
i support farmers ... from canada
illuminati politics going to get end in this world ... people will leave peacefully after that
this gonna be bad time for this bjp rss
implement swaminathan report fully .
solve the issue or loose public support forever .
innocent sikh protestors being lied to and misled by the indian government and beaten .. the indian media r the worst media in the world
problem faced by farmers - 1 . msp 2 . if any dispute between farmers and corporate people . court doors are shut for farmers they cant go to any court . they can only go to sdm or maximum to dc . now you tell me is a sdm or dc in range of a small farmers in india ? 3 . corporate companies can stock their materials to any limit legal which is major cause food crisis and price rise . this is law under which corporate are going to control indian markets according to them selves legally . 3 . modi is saying it's going to be 1 nation 1 market . it already 1 market we can sell our crops anywhere in india legally before this . 4 . ambanis modi says he gone remove middle man from farmers purchase but what actually he is doing is he is involveing middle man in this by law . artias are not middle man they are service providers . so make it clear farmers want service providers not middle man . 5 . many many more if you read 3 bills clearly . 6 . stop watching godi media if you want to save this country . and give me answers all bhagts of modi - which promises he had completed in his pm term please answer me .
please all indian people's are support to farmers ..
first and foremost the govt should understand what farmers want . but , the problem is that the alliance partner ... akalidal walked out on the issue from nda ; this infuriated namo and govt . as i see the developments in ap . , there is little chance that the government will bow down . u can see that the farmers in ap were protesting for the last 350 days and bjp is not only keeping quiet . , but is going against them in court of law by its affidavits supporting the ruling ysrcp , to teach a lesson for its alliance partner walking out from nda
all freebies , subsidies , tax exemptions meant for the small / marginal farmers are usurped by the rich / super rich farmers . nri owners of agricultural land in punjab who have not set foot in india for years , bribe patwaris and show themselves as ' khud kasht ' - i . e . actual tillers , in the revenue records . such nris and others then take free electricity etc benefits
central will agree with farmer without any condition . jay javan jai kishan ...
very strange amit shah .. if you wanted them to not block the borders while talks happen .. you had this choice since very long time .. much before they even started their journey for delhi .. but you were simply not interested in talking .. now that they had to block the borders ( because of you since you and govt did not want to listen any other way ) - you are asking them to open the borders and then talk .. you could have done that 10 days back .. they only came because you wanted to ignore like other protests
honestly time to stand together for the united india . bjp destroying indian future.sad but true bjp must stop hindu vote politics and concentrate on indian farmers problems and economic crisis.im very disappointed with pm modiji he is totally changed and not listening peoples problems.he is still acting like third class cheap politician he forgot the value of indian pm i shamed to support bjp .. very bad situation our country is going through ..
crush these farmers ruthlessly . crush them , beat the shit out of them . and celebrate while they are being crushed , and beaten . ruthlessness is the key . ruthlessness .
good news , good country , good indian , continues shouting speaking talking .
honestly , very less people understand the struggles of farmers in india .
it is a repeat of shaheen bagh , they have come prepared with truck loads of food items and understand the ration is for 4 months , they are in for a long haul . god save them
godi media also show fake new modi de kutte
we support farmers
poision congress maafiya applied anti india activity
godi media if fighting for the fundamental rights is khalistan then , yes we r khalistani yes we r kashmiri .
subscribe our channel if your interested in astrology .
congress has to have heavy price for this created nuisance
first kick out the khalistanis , it should be the foremost condition for talk . most of the protesters are commission agent , who have been putting the farmers in ransom for years and now they want the same to be done with the government and delhites .
mr , modi & amitt , nobody won't believe your promise , because everybody knews very well that you are a fake ..
sir , please get your facts checked the " tricolour " was neither heckled with nor touched during the tractor parade .
thank you delhi police for the security . resident of delhi .
those eat food will surely support farmers . god please help farmers .
is delhi is an another country ... now india under a dictatorship what the hell is going on ...
10foot wide trench concrete barricades barbed wires metal spikes on road security personnel with metal rod more than 10,000 security personnel deployed backup - rubber bullets denying fuels to enemy for vehicles water cannons tear gas tanks and arms extorting money in the name of damage arresting enemies under national threat . vow , so much prepration is going on by government to protect it's border from indian farmer's
jai jawan jai kishan kishan ekta jindabad lage raho very good
kisano ko preshani ho rai h wo ni dikh rha apko wo rat ko thand me so rhe h
u should shut up if you don't know what you're taking about . punjab is essential for the production of rice in country . 2 of the major rivers of indus water treaty pass through punjab and fresh water is essential for paddy farms . bhai pata nahi tho chup raho . faltu ki na bakchodi karo . morchaa sab jagah par horaha hai . koi media channel dikhata nahi hai bas . cricket stadiums are being hired to contain farmers . sab bhaad mein gaye . kisan aur jawan ki izzat karna seekho . aur agar vo log morcha pe utre tho unke khilaaf nahi support mein khade ho . agar tomato kisaan ko 5 / kg investment lag raha . tho kisan vo 5rs tho atleast mile minimum selling price pe aur uski upar ka auction ho .. vo bas itni si baat ka demand kar rahe hai . tumhe takleef kis cheez ki mujhe samajh mein nahi aata .
why d rate of potato is so high ? ?
they are not farmer's , they are congress paid workers
police should stop these terrorist from causing more trouble .
why did you remove dislike button , cowards ?
congress need to stop this circus leading to nowhere
winter circus of congress goons ! ! but way of stone pelting is similar in kashmir . nia should investigate the stone pelting movement seriously ! ! may be bhikharistan ki support hay yeh stone pelting drama and it's real mastermind pappu gaji ko ! ! !
this are not farmers if they are throwing stone , bracketing and fighting with police and in punjab cm said that he is not going to follow central govt bill then why this drama by congress party
no march of farmers . but unmanaged crowd .
as expected
be realist , farmers are angry yes but why the hell anti social khalistani and tukde - 2 gang posters are allowed ? ? can someone answer honestly ? ? why only punjab farmers are getting trapped in lies and fabricated fears . how they know it is not good ? why farmers of rest of india have started benefiting from this law . give atleast 1-2 years to see how effective or ineffective it is ? right now , just blind assumptions presumptions illusions and misinformation by opposition and pseduo secular urban naxals , nothing else . govt already in talks but see arrogance no we dont want amendments but only repeal ? this law is introduced after weeks of discussion in parliament and those who are opposing now were supporting this ? why ? upa congress has it in their manifesto and their leaders endorsed this in parliament during their term . now u-turn ? meaning theyre eyeing punjab elections in 2022 as their middlemen ( they are rich with their kids settled abroad ) vote bank and money funding to state govt with lot of taxes etc that will get hit and farmers will directly get benefit . with research and suggestions from farmers , unions etc for months this came as law for benefit , modi has been saying since 2016-17 that he wants to double farmer income by 2022 .
some right-wingers believe that private religion and liberalism will create many business tycoons . please know that only adani group and ambani are vacating all the departments . being without competition is not democracy . please repel new farmer bill
may modi eat computes , currency notes
hope farmers don't take it to mumbai to block bombay stock exchanges . if it happens result will be disastrous .
report abp news report zee news and all godi media for spam and misleading
once in your life you need a doctor , a lawyer , a policeman , and a preacher . but every day , three times a day , you need a farmer .. support and respect farmers
yeah sab suffer blind aur sirf bolne per aaee hein .
what does these woman understand about law did they have gone through all three farms laws ? i doubt that they are paid protestors , so as rest of so called illitrate taboo farmers
ek color missing he
shame to india ... women on roads because of bjp govt ...
god bless all stay happy healthy wise
aap.tamam.bheno.ko.salam .
arrest tikait the union leader . he is the sole cause for all violence . he was urged by indian oppn parties for this violence .
modi and bjp are without a doubt the worst thing to ever happen to india . the economy has tanked . discrimination against minorities is through the roof . one protest after another . the government's response is to use their media outlets to blame pakistan . why is your economy garbage ? pakistan . why did china invade and take your land ? pakistan . why was your pilot get captured in pakistan ? pakistan
prime minister narendra modi should be so shamed that he can't even face his citizens farmers who elected him .. so shameless bjp government ...
no happy republic day . see it's not the definition of republic country where government is the only owner .
where are the rss dogs right now ?
almost 90 % soilders are from farmers background family , we all eat food grown from farmers and take protection from their children's ( army ) so we should support those people's and it is duty of every indian including modiji and amitji , jai jawan jai kishan jai bharatmata .
oh india today . ... what a propaganda
outsiders like americans will be laughing and joking that police are beating on the people because of their hands in the corporate takeover . , hopefully the farmers get their rights before it gets out of hand .
khalistani people have infiltrated the protests .
those fake farmers broke all their promise of a peaceful protest and turned into a terrorist attack type situation in our capital
same on you farmers
the government should respect the demands of the farmers . we don't know what is wrong with them . we don't like the government decision on this issue .
police given permits to this rally , then why police attacked the farmers , it is shame .
govt . - this policy would help farmers grow . farmers - dismiss it otherwise we will destroy indian property as it costs nothing and we will ruin republic day which meant a lot respect to india great thinking
even after proof that the farmer laws are accepted by most farmers in india ( except for punjab , haryana and western up ) , as the laws benefit all farmers except agents and middle men , msp and apmc still there in writing even , and the govt is willing to go " line by line " the laws which have been stopped for a period of 18 months to 24 months , these kisans still protest . they listen to foreign and local anti india forces and arecwilling to humilliate the country that has given them so much . sad that many of these people are so easily manipulated .
republic day parade is only show off of nation but tractors rally is reality of india .
what can formers do . government get down .
i wacting live now on india today her reporter sandhu live show us damege buses than show us kisan catch the dehli police cop who damege these buses kisan show his id but india closed the live streaming because he was dehli cop but if he reletting to kisan morcha then it should be breaking news shame on inday today group . aaj tak godi media
farmers ofcourse very important . at the same time they should not act and do protest as per the evil and anti social elements guide lines
this is wht the fake kisaans and fake media wanted .. superimposing pics of this menace over republic day .. but they underestimated the smartness of the delhi police.well done delhi police.shame on your channel for singing the tunes of the fake andolankari ahenkaris
what did you see on the eyes of famers ? what is the different between bureaucrat and farmers ? 70 years of independence farmer suffer and contribute to the whole nation .
fake farmers ... no one is protesting from our state only from punjab i wonder why ... lol
godi media murdabaad .. shame on you godi media . your this shameful act will be written in the indian histor and our future generations will spit on you ... jai jawaan , jai kisaan
you are a truly a godi media . shame on you .
government should have avoided this . this is most unfortunate . there are more people here than at republic parade watchers . ( 25,000 ) the entire india at confrontation state . what a mess . for the same 2 people ( adani and ambari ) , they are sacrificing , the citizens . of india . they are interested people like malaya , who will one day abscond from the country .
a single stick of matches of indian farmers goes to modi luxury car and his company
shame on india media and india government
modi bjp will sale all root and institution on one men bjp sponsorship .
will begun ha ha ha this is india today english standard raajdeep teach him grammar .
shameless bjp govt !
you are showing old clips as farmers are holding tricolour and you are defaming farmers
farmer should be given freedom to protest smoothly ...
if your support in farmers than subscribe my channel
central government should think about farmers ( kissan ) , not about mukesh ambani or adani ( business class ) .
fake farmers y only punjab n not all india is protesting ? ? come to maharashtra n see
wtf does he mean by punjab farmers ? they are farmers from every part of the country , godi media stop stereotyping .
all farmers of the country all the best don't fear of police you can go ahead .
please do not say happy re-public day ... are you aware of ground reality .
they are not mobs asshole , they are citizens of this country fighting to defend the soul of this republic .
how mischief can be played . this is the example . if laws can be enacted on streets then why do we require parliment and courts . most dangerous gang has taken control of this anarchy
shoot out to .
no farmer from rest of the country is interested , , , seems sponserers are running short of money ..
godi media is not following traffic rules , crossed red light
every indian has the right to protest , but peacefully . please find a solution
ego of bjp is the main problem , they themselves accepted that the laws were not good , and should have been modified , but were adamant to not do so
but why you are showing on your media these both together
are all actually farmers on tractors rally participating ?
brother you have been particular of saying punjab farmers , cant you say farmers . do you have a proof that they are from punjab only
andh bakth are disliking the protest . modi will not give at least single diet for a day . andhbakths will very dangerous to the nation . andhbakths are only the reason to india going in a degrowth direction .
you idiots supporting them don't realize or are maybe blind to the fact that there was a pre-agreed timeline when they were supposed to take out the tractor rallies , but by braking police barriers ahead of time at two border checkpoints they have endangered everyone around them , creating chaos and anarchy is not equal to protest and most definitely not peaceful by any means . you can be for or against the farm laws , but you should not be for this hooliganism and mockery of law and order , more so on our republic day during a pandemic , to all those who are gleefully supporting this , shame on you .
in your screen , right side is show and left side is show off .
what a shame on republic day we have to see farmers protesting . govt . had ample days to solve their problems n take back their laws .
m praying god this should go smoothly . no farmers should struggle
wish i would have some vehicle to show how i support them ...
kindly wear helmet reporter .
this is the beauty of india ... where we can protest peacefully ... bharat mata ji ...
poor farmers have budget to purchase petrol and diesel for vehicles .
brainless farmers
on right side of your video is real republic day celebration
bhai rape kia uske upr swal ho na ki kisaano p what the hell u media guys think about you
hamare desh ke public aur police sb ke sb namard ho gya h
in haramzadon ko bich chaurahe pe lake goli mar deni chaiye , aur rajneeti ki gandagi aap party ke namoono ki b safai honi chaiye . ye arban naxli log h ,
what can u expect from so call kishan andolan . shame shame on these criminals and deshdrohi . people of delphi should come on street to finished this andolan .
ab tak sirf andolan frzi tha ab usme shamil hone wale bhi frzi charcter vale h pta chal gya
what about the other women s in the kisan andolan
what about the other women s in the kisan andolan
jhooth h sab
online classes . , , .   .   .   . , , , , 300 + .   .   ...  . 7014595444
lekin bangal me to repist ko support diya ka raha haiiiiiii qiuu ? ? ? democracy destroyed here in west bengal
in logo ka parda to 26 january ko he khul gaya tha or abb bachara news ma dikh hi nahi raha that's why they all are in problem because their owner don't give them money now
in logo ka parda to 26 january ko he khul gaya tha or abb bachara news ma dikh hi nahi raha that's why they all are in problem because their owner don't give them money now
hathras rape case ke time per sambit patra kaha the ?
bjp govt is responsible for 2.5 lac corona deaths .
in punjab free electricity should , also , be given to physically handicapped as is given to farmers , dalits and obc s .
. in punjab , if a physically handicapped wishes to work from home then he is charged electricity at penal rates euphemistically called ' commercial rate ' - - -
if farmers continue to disrupt the economy it would result is lesser taxes for the govt . then how would farmers get their freebies and subsidies .
destruction of public property by those who do do not pay any taxes . in india physically handicapped pay income tax where as rich / super rich farmers do not .
* no one begrudges anyone , including farmers , to become rich and wear boss or calvin klein on marching protests . but these rich goons are * * _bullies_ * * who have held the govt at ransom and are actively suppressing the poor farmer in bihar , up , odisha etc ( who barely has a torn * * _baniyaan or gunjee _ * * to wear ) and who mostly ends as wage laborer for these rich goons in punjab etc *
it's a failure on the part of goi to foresee what was coming on an important day like republic day . when sc started intervening , government should have declared suspension of farm laws without any timeline .
indian government has been feeding hard earned taxes since ages . it gets bad blood with free things . government should provide some safety net but not roll back reforms .
if they were muslims , people would have been shouting goli maro salon ko but because they are sikhs and a large portion of indian army are sikhs , the govt cant afford to antagonise the families of armed soldiers . modis philosophy : kamzor k sar par charh jao aur taqatwar k paon par jao what a laindi leader ...
1.max 3 person per tractor 2.have to follow pre decided route 3.have to carry national flag 4.no weapons in vehicle .. above terms were decided for tractor rally ... all videos are proof that the violence was pre planned .
these people , if they calls themselves annadata , i f * * * ing dont need their anna . btw i pay for that anna like any other product or service . they are not doing charity . we are doing charity because we are subsidising them to the hilt along with no income tax , free electricity , free water , subsidised fertiliser , high mandi tax . i would like to see the pseudo liberals giving a positive spin to this insurrection .
* * * . - - , _ * * * [ ' * * * ' \ . _ / - - - \ * * * \ * * * * * * ` ' ' | * * * | * * * * * * , ] * * * ` . _ * * * * * ] . * * * | * * * * * \ * * * _ / * * * - ' \ * * * , ' * * * * * * , ' * * * _ / ' * _ * _ * * * \ * * * _ * _ _ * _ * * * _ * _ * * , ... __ * * | - - ' ' * * * * * * ' - ; _ * * * * * * | \ * * * / * * * . , ' * * * \ * * * * * * ` - - . * * __ , ' _ * * * ' - - - * * * * , - ' * * * ` \ * * * 26 january * * * \ ` - ' \ __ * * * , | , - - ;/ * * * * * * / * * * . | * , / \ __ * * * happy republic day * * * ' | * * * / * * / * * * . / * * _ - , * _ * _ * * * _ * _ _ * _ * * * _ * | * * * * * \ __ / * / * * * * * * , / * * * " * * * | * * * * * * _ / * * * | * * * * * * , / * * * \ * * * * * * / * * * | * * * * * * / . - ' * * * \ * * * * * * _ / * * * | * * * * * * / * * * | * * * * * * | * * * . * * * | * * * * * * | * * * ; * * * \ * * * * * / * * * \ * * * / * * * \ _ /
these are idiots not farmers ... i was very proud when the protest was going peacefully .. canada has successfully influenced these idiots . shame on punjab farmers ( only to those who involved in this ruckus )
group of khalistani and anti nationals trying to provoke the constitution of india , we can never expect ordinary farmers to lean into such kind of aggravation , what a shame , both liberals and bhakts will agree to it
the delhi police and administration are unfit to provide security to delhi & ncr region . they are mute spectators to the wild tractor chase.it goes on to show that on any given day the unruly crowds can do anything , just about anything to demonstrate their power and administration is helpless . why was firing not ordered ? ? ? modi and amit shah should resign for failing to safeguard red fort from incursion during republic day .
this is typical strategy of the commies and anarchists . break the law , provoke the police and when the police take action , they blame the police and play the victim card . haven't heard of any protests in communist countries like china and north korea .
farmers are given permission to protest but broke the rules which are wrong .
this is gross .
pm should have intervened earlier . unfortunate situation . avoidable . bad governance .
modi idealogy ( saffron terrorism ) is a threat to nation
shame on them , what they have done in republic day . when route were agreed why they creat such mess ..
just got the news they break the aggrement with police and started beating police personnel now , farmers at its best
we need army here . jokes aside let peace prevail and common sense
there ya go ! it's done ! it's over ! violence has ended it all !
what is the purpose of this rally ? what are they trying to prove ? i just dont understand the intent . gov has agreed to stall the laws given assurance of msp . farmers still want to suffer at the hands of middlemen and sell only at apmc's and pay commission agents , they want to grow only rice and wheat and expect gov to buy it at msp . something is just not right ! ! ! anybody in their right sense can understand these laws are going to benefit the farmers across india . unfortunately political parties who have lost all credibility spreading misinformation and using gullible farmers for their own agenda . hope common sense will prevail .
let's see em try something now . if he has the balls .
why is it always about one person ? ? narendra modi . who is he ? ? ? why he is visible in the hindi mainstream media 24 * 7 ? any bridge , any foundation , any school , any institution is meaningless unless modi doesnt go there and do the opening ceremony of it . that means only one person is responsible for that much development . my goodness . is it not fascism or what ? how can one guy be given credit for everything ? and if he loves to have credit then why doesnt discredit ? ? if he has done so much for this country , then why he has not taken a single question in an open press conference in last 6 years ? why is he scared of a single press conference ? ? time has come to make a constitutional amendment to make time bound compulsory press conference for all cabinet ministers including prime minister and president every fourth to six months ...
like caa protesters used indian flag as a disguise for their violent intentions . like marxists who says we will break indian constitution from within , this protest is a useless one endangering the national unity for no reason
what nonsense . anarchy at play
rally should go peacefully happy republic day
police should let them go , even if it be an hour earlier than the scheduled time . see their numbers ! how will you control all of them ?
* while global fdi fell by 42 % in 2020 , india's fdi increased by 13 % in 2020 based on unctad data . hope the print will make a video on the positive achievements of india rather than such rally based on vested interests . * <url>
modi thinks , if he has been given full majority he can do anything and nobody gonna question him . but he is forgetting , he is not immortal . there have been thousands like him who came and gone from this universe . what binds india together is our multilateralism , our diversity , our shared love . religion alone cannot be above humanity which modi uses tactically to divide the indians .
misusing the identity of farmers .
where did the broke the barricades ? ?
yes we are open for reforms . but without consulting and forcefully levying laws on us wont work . we are the citizens and modi is our servant . its his duty ( that he chosen himself ) to listen to his masters ( citizens of india ) and do accordingly .
this is the power of people . this is not gujrat . this is whole india . modis whole political life has revolved around protests , killings , communal violence and hate . we the people of india dont need gujrat development model to be forceful applied on whole of india . modi should take this lesson and modify his dictatorial thoughts
if they have so much money and time than i don't understand how they are being called as poor farmers by media .
looks like it was planned for 26th jan specially for republic day .
when freedom to protest turns into anarchism ..
they dint break it by force .. they were allowed
they didn't break any , police had allowed them to enter
farmers should not missuse " right to protest " because this will set bad example and in future govt . will have excuse to suppress any protest in name of lawlessness or violence .
hopefully rally goes peacefully . happy republic day .
something big is going to happen
god bless the little sidak . happy birthday ! ! !
birthday party by blocking common man basic rights . wow what a protest ! enjoy highway picknic !
happy birthday to sidak
14th is amavas . modi's plan with mantric tantric rituals will be to try to exert maximum to end up with walmart for christmas now that ambani got new grandkid . vedic shudra modi methods : saam - mankey baat repeat . daam - talk within closed room ( tomar piyush ) dand - teargas water cannon . bhed - khalastani pakistani ultra left ( in progress )
happy women's day to all women kisaan ... you are all too brave ... more power to you ... waheguru
happy republic day jai hindustan
arrest tikait the union leader who is the cause for violence delhi .
modi ko utaro india ko bachana hai toh
so called kishan damaging private and public properties
jay bhart
shame shame rapist farmers .
good chhoti shernio proud of u girls
punjab congress party government provoking and fueling the farmers protest ... this students don't know anything about the anti farmers facts in the farmers bills same like rakesh tikait and others don't know anything about the anti farmers facts in the farmers bills ...
chal hatt
useless and half knowledge students
i think she had her mind full of speculation and confusion she had not analyse and think on what are actually farm bills about she is just vomiting what she had been told to assert . shame on such propaganda people
bjp hatao desh bachao jay hind jay bharat vande mataram
jay t m c
new age freedom fighters . kisan ekta zindabad ...
this is the stupid channel asking questions to the man fully injured in fire this is idiat
ye sb congressi baithe hai road pee
he was also farmer . god bless his soul
focus on their own business , , this selfish world never stop for anyone
police should have used a big force on these farmers , who are looking to have subsidies and damaging public properties . without force they are not able to listen and follow the rules . without education this is the results . fighting and disobeying police , it is unacceptable .
shame on ur reporting ass holes
i love godi media for their dedication for government ... we should appreciate their swami bhakti ...
godi media . this channel needs to be booked for spreading hate in our nation . this is a anti national channel .
media should ask : why are they stoping the farmers ?
shaheen bagh 2.0 .. incoming preparations for another delhi riots by leftist goons , be careful ! ! ! whenever they protest and block roads , it is to cover up transportation and stocking of weapons for riots .
what exactly caused this ? is anything getting resolved ?
kisan is that innocent that anyone can influence his mind & this is what happening here ... misconceptions
why are they not allowed to enter
india is not free
this is so crazy why farmers are treated like this . they provided food for everyone . with out farmers everyone will starved for food .
what are demands from the unions ? what are parliamentarians and members of assembly doing . they should have talked to these farmers and their demands . dilli chalo sort of protests hijacking the roads must stop . this is not at all productive .
our leaders are not learning from past , there will no peaceful protest , i am sure on it . we have seen how in just one day they become violent . let not apply all three bill in punjab , if they want to be deprived let it be . because they think they are in better situation . while punjab is one of the state in which farmer suicide is big issue . many in protest are supporter of khalistani movements they are trying to cash this situation as well .
doing politics
manohar lal khatter sleeping & not doing anything for farmers . please pm modiji remove immediately manohar lal khatter from cm .
the congress party is agitating these farmers from punjab . they are attacking the police .
kisans are the blood vessels of our country . please please take care of their request . if they dont do their job , we all will die of hunger .
govt . leadership cannot go against the will of the farmers ... they are the essence of india ... and they have a right to oppose any agression .
my question is why only punjabi farmers are protesting ?
why was lathi not charged by police on shahinbag jihadis ?
shame on govt .
republic supreme court sc hc
police needs to get out of the way
congressi des drohi
please correct the topic as there was no lathicharge
there are so many anti-india forces acting against the current regime . they jump at every opportunity to malign the governments image . policies need to be discussed in all regional languages so that farmers know that their interests are being taken care of and what they lose or gain in the bargain.the conspirators need to be exposed but at the same time people have to be reassured .
akali politcians and the haryanvi politicians have misguided these farmers and all are coordinated by the same khangress . they might be those commission agents or the stooges of khangress paid by george soros .
a debate on similar models adopted in different countries and the impact on the living standards is needed . every time india experiments we have seen naysayers . same thing happened when we decided to get our share in the global economy . our living standard improved and economists resented the late entry .
government should tell the farmers that if their income doesnt increase in a timeframe , therell be an option to go back to older ways . politics should not stop experiments specially if farmer suicides has been an issue which dates back to congress days . karz ka dher and karza maafi is not an option . the farmers should be reassured and taken in confidence so that these politically motivated protesters get exposed .
those who are saying against of farmers they first should know about the bill . its all a bloody play played for looting farmers and countrys people money . the bill have many other negative orders they could lose their land and livelihood thats why they are protesting for themselves and its right . we all know whenever politics came in dirty play just for their money lust the countrys citizens suffer . its shame because those who fulfil our needs , their lives are at edge of destruction so haters stop commenting if you dont have knowledge to see write or wrong # justice for farmers . jai hind . by a responsible indian citizen
protest is the right of every citizens of india why the hell police stop when they all are protesting peacefully for last 2 month and now they want to protest peacefully in delhi ram lila ground why stop . this reminds same as dyer did in amritsar now this police try to lathi charge peaceful protest . shame on centre government
they are not farmers they are paid stooges of congress , khalisthanis and comission agents .
3 mahino se peaceful chal raha he , tab kusi ne nae bola . this is not violent . watcg you mouth or they put money in it , shit channel .
i stand with farmers
i am with farmers
jai neta jai vikreta ... collaboration wins ... yess .. we won gujrat won
nothing will stop until the truth shows itself . which one you want to see more ? you are making yours worser ! the sense is thriller by mj and that will affect you . its from a witch ! why it has ti be stopped ? why every time there is a need to crack matrix ? therefore this is set out for more ! bring the truth dear !
respect the woman's voice
great
why only 40-50 members present here ? all indian farmers are only 40-50 ? india understood your real agenda sir ji , . in fact nobody concentrating on you after they knew you final target
if farmers are protesting then who is farming ? adani-ambani ! people need to understand we need not fear competition but must definitely fear monopoly and oligopoly ! if farmers are so afraid of establishments then start your own business community , who can processes , store and export !
all farmers attention kunna hazare and fake kajriwal is rss shikandi dont belive them they are cheaters and traitors of our country
thanks to show us real veiw of tractor rally
where's your sound mic
some indian apolitical parties should be punished so severely that i dont want to imagine .
arrest them and put them in jail . its illegal .
electionjivi government is busy in elections . they do not have time for farmers or unemployed youth .
desperate tantrums of paid protestors to grab attention
why the f is it so so hard hard ... all and every illegally constructed structures must be demolished at the earliest ... all the cost for demolition must be borne by the outfit that has built it
did they buy this land to build upon it ?
dont call them farmers
there is a common belief in india that indian farmers are so poor that they don't get to two meals a day ! therefore , indian govt is giving them all types of input subsidies , msp , loan waiver , and even cash for sustenance ! in your report , not only indian farmer has one house near his farm , a powerful tractor , and now he can construct pucca houses near delhi border ! something is fishy !
godi media boycott republic tv
central govt need to check how the money is getting to them . many farmers are dying daily due to no money but how can they built pucca houses ? staying on roads for more than 100 days ?
this is pure encroachment ... and illegal .
please stop calling them as farmers , i don't see 1 % of farmers behaviour in them . they're hooligans in disguise of farmers , just listening / acting to corrupt leaders like rahul gandhi , sonia gandhi
this can not be allowed at all ...
these are not farmers these are brokers
farm bill 2020 is beneficial for farmers no doubt about it ... some citizen in delhi should file a pil in supreme court to evict them the occupied high ways as it is causing inconvenience for other citizens ... pil is the best solution ... in my opinion
rich fellows do it without farming ... so money is freely coming to them
this is why no foreign media taking them seriously because protesters are not poor they are just stone minded circus people who want to something revolutionary but the path is idiotic
this must be accounted as encroachment ... ! egoistic .   ...
in future this house becomes a monument and goes in text books and becomes a general knowledge question for all sorts of examinations .
anarchist .. andolanjivi
hypocrisy ki bhi seema hoti hai ? government is looting common people through taxes in fuel prices in name of sloganeering and false nationalism . jai hind ..
since , under modiji's leadership , india is gaining world recognition and growth , some countries like pakistan , china etc , who do not want strong india and corrupt opposition parties like congress , ncp etc who do not want strong modiji , , are continuosly creating issues to weaken and malign the central govt . otherwise why only so called farmers of congress governed punjab , opposing the laws , and do not want to talk on farms laws .
why republic tv is insulting us farmers . please don't malign our name . farmers never protest those who protest are never farmers . come to palghar and see how we farmers live .
it is a nice idea . those who do not have pucca houses should start an agitation , and then use it to build houses . atleast it will solve some of our housing problems .
can the republic dare to send male reporters to the protest site ? with laws in place , women are more powerful than men and kids are more powerful than women . best way to beat a democracy . even protesters are using women and children in their protests .
a kisan nahin hai ? how can they built pukka house kick them out ! ? what they think ? shuit them at once ! ? this is not the kissans andolen ! ? use law & order ! ? if public set upset from them ! every body will take law into their hands.morels kisan will loose their identity . a sirf modiji ke khilaf . ! ?
who is allowing this president rule immediately
godi media ... levl decreasing every day
jao be chhatu
ye bjp news wale to bjp ki g * * * nd chatne me lage hai
what a shameful debate . godi media chumche
jhooth bolata hai channel
, cpim 22 cpim marx , lenin , , gang rape , , !
rubika you should be neutral .
, farmers are not anti-national .
mra bacha
very good god bless you
when you donate any thing to farmers , do not make video .
great job veere parmatma chadti kalan ch rkhe
god bless you brother
good great
god bless you brothers
love you from pakistan
india people open up your eyes now
shame on india governments shame shame
all india farmers stand up together now please go delhi now
modi more interested in seeing them with their pants down
their r many people who take shower in winter with cold water
look at their tummies . they are commission agents !
fools , you will be pantless if these bills are repealed ( which won't happen ) . ask for amendments , not repeal that is more meaningful .
ara bhai pant ve khol do , farmers at his best
all that charas is keeping them warm on the inside .
i thought shooting h nayi webseries ki ..
did i hear ' bole so nihal ' if there was something similar with ' jai shree ram ' would have triggered a riot of reports throughout media culminating in articles of rising hindutva in wsg and newyork times and gaurdian as well ...
whatever you do please don't eat rats or bats . you are entitled to protest but a 2021 like 2020 would be bad .
what a new , they are drug addicts . able to stay - 20 without cloths .
if they die , it's them who's responsible . you can't go bat-shit crazy and blame the govt for it .
it is very funny to watch these communists protest but stay away from them they can go violent any time .
nothing but " left " instigated political demonstration ...
, . hatts off to them . tag like urban naxal type
modi will flee india . bjp is history
the reasons behind protest aside , this is low-key funny
wow ! ! farmers in norther regions have more bodyfat percentages compared to the farmers in my kokan maharashtra region .  . for kokani farmers , literally bones and muscles are visible .
hindu against sikh let's see who will win . i'm watching from the us
nothing is under control in india . uncontrolled greed , uncontrolled lust for power , uncontrolled hipocracy of the media and uncontrolled shouting on this channel . uncontrolled sufferings of the people . enjoy your days till you will get hunted down .
these traitor farmers have now become more dangerous than corona . throw them into sea or across the border .
that is a great news jay jay shri ram
slow & steady government.will win
india needs to seriously consider creating a highly specialized riot squad to handle situations of this nature .
i think the congress are playing pro china policy , to cripple india .
let covid virus handle them .
we supports famers
this corrupt government is putting jawana against kisans to give profits to their funders . jawan should join kisan to make them realise none can rule us . they need to realise they are servants , stop misusing powers bjp saying there are only a handful of farmers ( less than 20000 ) now they should know there are enough farmers to make them flee the country if they keep ignoring them and consider their calm as a weakness trying to distract from arnab case
these are basted
modi ... such a shame ! !
26 january tractor rally . permission | , ssr 3 , ... ? modi ji photo ... ?
shame on you who protesting against andedada ... you sold yourself for few hundreds shree ram save my country
wah wah wah bjp how much money you gave them sponsored by ambani n adani dnt fool indian you also gave them beautiful script written by you
check their fb a / c pata chal jae ga local hai ya bjp suppoter hai
whole voilence was planned and executed on behalf of bjp , amit shaw ... support and respect farmer who does hard work and provide food to everyone . even though you buy wheat flour or other stuff from shops .. but some farmer grew and harvested wheat .. so understand ... don't get fooled by bjp people
i am with these farmers
sarkar se hamare bhorosa uth gye ab to thanio log hei broder khali krne ke bhorosa hei
local people ... sab ek sath border par pahuch rahe hai sarkar ne har hatkande istemal kar liye ha ab unka master stroke tried and tested one " danga "
they were sanghi goons to destroy farmers ' peaceful protest
abh to lo action hm amit shah sahb
these are not locals ... these are bjp goons
the 5 star " kisans " of india who can afford to spend 2.25 lac to renovate a van for their comfort in agitations . balle balle ! ! !
aish mauj k intezam .. fir v bheer gayab
full too aish mauj
nonsense . this is all drama
godi media or bjp's i . t . cells news.don ' t believe fake news .
kisaan ko a . c ki jaroorat nahi hoti , think logicly . who can not leave with a . c ?
good reporting . true journalism thank you for showing ground reality rather than what godi media is showing
very nice and proud of you all doing well guru phala kara g to all jai jawan jai kisan ge all are great kishan ge
come to dharna place and save our indian agriculture other wise roti is more costly than gold save agriculture from modi government and support our hardworking farmers
good reporting
#boycott_bjp_government_all_india #boycott_modi modi
good facilities in morcha but very difficult to live on roads n far from home . government should think about the voice of farmers
thanks mam to covraj this portaest
lgy rho mohtrima falak irfan you a good reporter
no farmers no food
tum saalo luttey ho with anker
abp
organised with same placards in their hands
i am unsubscribing they only . give fake news
this is true
abp ..
no stop kersan andhloan because modi not come in the andhloan
same on police no law rath country done
same on modi you are give year prime minister you make country transhcane
no corona they lie no listens
police why you stop this is not india modi no come in the andhloan they need go please no stop same on modi no come in the andhloan
no scared in the corona they lie no law rath
police on same no stop the kersan andhloan police no brain country make a poor
no loose heart make a strong go to delhi
same on polic
real news . i support farmers of india
salute you all tomorrow you will be yours allah swt give you strength we are with you
great spirit
i saloute all of you brother i saport also
they have no other jobs they are begging for subsidy
i'll bet the crowd will clear after the 2022 up elections . kind of how people started returning awards around the 2015 bihar elections .
salute to our farmer family . soon your struggle will be successful and this agitation will be remembered as a revolutionary incident in history of india .
jai kishan . only kishan can save india . even jawan can not save india
reporter good english
so proud of our farmers . waheguru jee mehar rakhe hamesha humare farmers
so much respect to farmers !
this natak up to 2024 election
its been 4 months now please listen to them . already 320 farmers died .
the wire is the only one doing investigative journalism . proud of u
farmers are the father of food without farmer we not get food to jiyoge kya patanjali ka ghas khaker
respect
farmers sons were my good friends they taught me pride , esteem , labour , n standing up
how to donate to farmers protest please ? kisan samyukt morcha does not have a website , not everyone uses twitter . thank you
kisan ekta zindabad ... we r always with our farmer brothers nd sisters 4 they r the donors of great civilizations which roamed around our mother earth ... they were always the kings nd queens of the land ... repeal the three black farm laws ... #kisanektazindabaad #kisanmajdooriktazindabad #standwithfarmers #istandwithfarmers #farmersprotest
kisan ekta zindabad ... thank u 4 all the people , young nd old , men nd women who were still supporting our farmer brothers nd sisters ... i bow 2 u , guys ... thank u from the bottom of my heart ... aap roti kha rahe hei , toh zaroor kisanom ko yaad rakhna , dill mein ... agar kisan nahi hei toh , roti nahi hei , agar roti nahi hei toh , yeh bharath bhi nahi hei ... hamari pyari bharat in kisaanom ka khoon aur paseena se ban gayi hei ... #kisanektazindabaad #kisanmajdooriktazindabad #istandwithfarmers #standwithfarmers #farmersprotests #kisan
wire has become official media partner of arhatia protestors , it seems . that's in expected lines of course .
huge defeat ... in capital - huge defeat awaits bjp in bengal !
thanks wire for honest coverage !
seraj ali thanks for your reporting from ground zero
message to bjp / amit / modi : fu ! message to kisan : keep going , you will get what you want ! nation is with you ! international support is with you .
long live farmers protest . salute to their courage .
yehi yehi . jo chuhan ne kaha vaisi soch samudai me aur desh ke nagrik me aane vali nasal ke barame ho gai tho zaroor desh tharkki ho jai gi . western countries thought and thinking about future generations and they plan 100s years ahed that's why they are secured and developed . good to hear such statements from citizens
salute for truth reporting .. #bharatbandh #___
the day isn't far off when the rss rats would be smoked out from their gujarati rat holes by farmers
repeal the 3 black laws . repeal the law that gives lg the powers more than the delhi cm . repeal the caa , nrc laws . modi.goverment has made life of people miserable . any government wants their people to live happily , but this government is doing exactly the opposite .
the entire country salutes you for your peaceful protest on farm laws .
if a nation fails to elect a good government they are to pay for their wrong like the farmers .
where us blind deaf anpad pm moodi
jai kissan , , protest for ur rights
those who are supporting modi in the comments , i want to say to them that india is a democratic country and its your wish whoever you want to support but please be rational when you choose someone and don't be a ' andbhakt ' ( blind follower ) . please see and be clear about who you are following and why are you following.because giving my opinion i don't think this government would have benefitted you in any way.you might not have realised it because you are not directly affected by the decisions it has been making .
there is no other way to survive for kisans and majdoors except peaceful agitation
don't beg modi for your rights make your own free n fair kissan desh which is a union of punjab haryana up n rajasthan . state within a state where they can make their own laws . totally independent except defence n currency ..
it is sad ... movement is built on false ... innocent persons being used as resources ... unfortunate .. so many have lost life ...
this is a revolution for 2nd war of independence .
wire is always having anti govt agenda , all anchors are doing rudali the whole day against bjp and govt
it's called karma sikh mostly support hindu ... so pay the prize for you
sport the formers i love former
now they are coming back or not
why don't abp channel going on other side . are you guys banned ? !
ye sures a . phle.ki.hoti
subhe tk apke pass honge hum
pm modi sir please help people's ... till they change their opinions ...
pm sir you are a great heart man please help farmers ... no one can take a single paisa after death . sir what ever people thinks i know you are a great man for india ..
she is a national creep woman
please boycott ambani adani products reliance . tab hi desh me mehngai kam hogi . wo kam price me buy karte hai or 150 % to 200 % pe sale karte hai or sara stock ek baar me jate jis se hume wo products high rate me hi lena padta hai boycott reliance , ambani and adani
kashmir mein 1000 bacchon ki aankhein andhi ki . fauji ladakh mein thund se kaamp rahein hein . garam insulated kapday nai khana officer le jaatein hein
dont see news and the comment section in india it is full of garbage and its my badluck that i am also citizen of this so called modern coutry and this coutry isnt safe for anyone more all re judgemental they havent done anything so that they can feel proud they feel proud when someone others do where they havent done anything
dislike thoko bc godi media happy hoo rehe hai
all videoes on my channal about delhi under attack all videoes on my channal about delhi under attack all videoes on my channal about delhi under attack
how these people can reach at sanghu broder , where force is large ?
soon india devided in to many parts like russia
support me garib hu
east india company built roads , railways , courts , police stations , schools and colleges but we kicked them out because they never listen to public . for them company's profit was more important than public's will . hint : modi thinks he is a son of queen elizabeth .
those are the biggest enemy who shut their mouth against cruelity tana shahi . are you the one ?
this shows a mirror of real fact of our loving country that's y we are developing country , not yet developed ... kabhi kuch kabhi kuch
why why why
shame on paid media
how do u face your family ?
first time on media coverage maximum dislike . lanat ho tara par rabia
godi media kl de bhonk rha hai , pehle so rhe the kya
this channel is constantly abusing farmers and calling them antinationals and they r very happy about how police is ready to beat them and remove them and shame them
sbse ghatia anchor ha ye
priyanka gandhi and rahul is in constant touch with tikayet . this is not kissan but congress destabilising india .
is news chanel ko unsubscribe and report kro
very bad reporting
boycott abo
problem is only with punjab and hariyana but other state farmers are happy , if they are disrespecting my country and our police then all over india we should start boycotting agri products from punjab and hariyana .
ek side mey police dusri side people of india our right to protest
abp trp
she is a bullshit journalist mam u won this this is ur journalism reward plz accept it
she is a bullshit journalist mam u won this this is ur journalism reward plz accept it
she is a bullshit journalist mam u won this this is ur journalism reward plz accept it
she is a bullshit journalist mam u won this this is ur journalism reward plz accept it
she is a bullshit journalist mam u won this this is ur journalism reward plz accept it
she is a bullshit journalist mam u won this this is ur journalism reward plz accept it
she is a bullshit journalist mam u won this this is ur journalism reward plz accept it
she is a bullshit journalist mam u won this this is ur journalism reward plz accept it
she is a bullshit journalist mam u won this this is ur journalism reward plz accept it
she is a bullshit journalist mam u won this this is ur journalism reward plz accept it
she is a bullshit journalist mam u won this this is ur journalism reward plz accept it
she is a bullshit journalist mam u won this this is ur journalism reward plz accept it
she is a bullshit journalist mam u won this this is ur journalism reward plz accept it
she is a bullshit journalist mam u won this this is ur journalism reward plz accept it
she is a bullshit journalist mam u won this this is ur journalism reward plz accept it
himmat hai to abp news wale ekbar abhi ye fir kal ghazipur border ake reporting karke dikhao
shame on your media .
don't talk of kisan we are daily dieing wait your turn a during man can do anything . keep silent
who say you for this news godi media.soonsee the result coward godi media . you are next target .
arrest this titkat or whatever this so called antisocial name is ... disguised as farmers leader ... he is a fraud
thanks
takait misguiding the farmers ! ! 3 law's are in favour of farmers .
rrt . hi p.h.hhh coming ! loop . nnpp i n m uiionnn o
where is covid guidelines ? now where is 144 ? and where is dm ? ab dm nikla nahi inspection karne ? ab kaha h wo police waley jo road par aam public ko martey h covid k naam par ? kaha gaye state govt ki guidelines ? where is high court ? judge saab ko dikha ni ab , ye sab sirf or sirf aam public k liye h bas inka jor sidhe sadhey logo par chalta h , logo k ghar k chuley band ho gaye lockdown mein dhanda band ho gaya lekin bichare chup h or yaha openly covid guidelines ka majak ud raha h toh sab ban k baithey h
they are khalistan workers , arrest them
it shows how low these guys reached . now leaders know they cont go home , since they hell a lot of money from bad elements in and out of india now they afraid of their life from those people . that is y they want them get arrested by govt and protect them . why should govt spend money on them , than the police have their own good will work .
only when these masses get infected with covid + yellow fungus + black fungus + white fungus + lung failures and dead bodies pile up , only then they will realise with empty villages . too late to teach anything to a fanatical and frenzied people .
only when these masses get infected with covid + yellow fungus + black fungus + white fungus + lung failures and dead bodies pile up , only then they will realise with empty villages . too late to teach anything to a fanatical and frenzied people .
so many andha bhakts comment in republic tv
these are hooligans hooligans hooligans fake fake ask them what happened to that girl who came from bengal people of india these are all fake farmers
go on protesting because you people are funded from abroad , but when you start gasping for air please don't asult the doctors or blame the central government . rest in peace .
party start ho gaee ,
they are protesting because the middle men are not getting to keep the money as the whole payment is going directly to the farmers .
no support to these broker middleman mandi walas . take military action to stop these fake protest funded by congress
what about superspreader political election rallies hypocrite
no one has seriousness about covid ... not politician or these activitist
they are anti national cruel animals . stop calling them farmers
republic should concentrate on wb killing n looting which still going on .
don't call them farmers , they are the agents of poor farmers hard earn money looters , , liberals , congress , khalustani n china paid agents .
why government arrest these fake farmers
itne log to mere mohalle me jama hojate h ye to phir bhi bku ka leader h salla
they aren't farmers.donot broadcast their news.this is the service you do to your country
why can't government arrest them ?
rakesh tikat is a political leader not a farmer .
covid super spreaders !
3rd wave k jimmedar ab farmer he hongy na kumbh hy na jamat ab hy bhand
stop calling them farmers ! ! it's a political gimmick .. nothing more
farmers inviting china's corona
my advice is that some corona patients are to be asked to mingle without masks etc and let them cough in the meet so that these thugs get corona and die . it is all because of stupid judgement of sc permitting protest . in fact it is sc which is encouarging anarchy and the judges are responsible for the protests . remember when eci can be charged for murder of people under criminal law by a stupid temarks of a hc and sc asking eci to take it in correct spirit . let the judges of sc by allowing protest from anarchists is also equally guilty . in the cell inject coro a to yogendra and other anarchists who are acting for pharma lobby and chinese spies in india .
dirty people all are mandis , not farmers , they must be punished and jailed
ungrateful farmers who else in this world . except our vg wil give rs16 per day pwe faarmer ?
farmers .. protest ..
pls said mla babbli to keep his mouth shut , and your propaganda , nothing of this can happen
what's going on here ? full crowd ? please help their ...
up election
why is supreme court closing its eyes now ?
nobody cares these so called protestors .
doctors should not risk their life treating this farmer protestors .
is this covid - 19 wave three in making ? please follow the protocol ! atleast respect the people who died .
covid 3rd wave starts today
vg gave these faers rs16 per day the worlds biggest bonanza ever yet they are ungratef
is this not a superspreader event now hypocrisy at its best
disaster disaster disaster get ready india . it seems you have more easily mislead population on your hands . people with some sense are hard to come by .
supreme courts justice department a failure in india modhi ji cannot alone fight bail bail no punishment no punishment supreme court judges afail judges
india breeding ground of covid - 19 . china the source .
social distancing gyi tel lagane , hmare bache jail me se release kr do , nhi to acha nhi hoga , aukat me rhe chai bechne wale , hum to paida hi choudhary hue the
no judiciary or no government or no act can stop them .
this is good , a lot of idiots are going to find out soon
supreme court of india is sleeping ? ? ? covid rules are not applicable here .
when pm does rallies without mask that is cool kumbh mela is allowed but no one else is allowed . right republic ?
these whole will spoil every one life . please for a god seek do it later once this pandemic is over . current situation is be a part of solution .
supreme court should intervene like how they are doing on other matters prosecute all these farmer goons for spreading the pandemic in public interest supreme court should pass orders
3rd wave on the way and now rahul and his congress sleeping due to this covid wont spread
where is covid precautions ?
nobody never ever support these broker middleman mandi walas . encounter him atleast real farmers will trade peacefully
whether right or wrong we don't know but tikait has proved beyond doubt that he is capable leader
money sent by khalistanis stopped and so have protests .
why this chanel giving him publicity , they are anti national please avoid these people , it is not news report news those true farmers who are carrying on work and support government . is your channel getting paid to report this ? .
he is running open goonism and blackmailing campaign . he also went to support tmc the party which murdering hindus in bengal .
some proletician maldar chor joining this protests rally
it's legit .. so coherent .. uttar pradesh 2020 election nearing , and he just wanna become an contender milking this protest .. he got massive support whatsoever from the clan supports him .. secondly he is challenging govt being totally wrong .. ittne saal se issne khud kisano ki khoon chusa hain ..
what happened on 26th is right ? no punishment for that . no one is accountable ? what is happening
typical " corrupted character " ready for political business
this fellow is well oiled by funds elsewhere that he can protests wherever directed by the sponsors . not farmers but trouble makers but only restricted to one state and a portion of the middlemen .
why not arrest this broker
why channel so behind him .
all criminal will join hands this is his and so called secular and anti national opposition s plan .
modiji first finish the real traitors of india ... we are with you ... these people are creating a national health emergency in lockdown .. put them in taluja jail ... when they meet their real heros there ... sari jawa ho jaigi ... farmers nahi ye to thugs hain .. har har mahadev .. shame the govt has to fight the internal goons like manta banerjee and likes of congress ... when justice is denied on earth .. god does it ... mamta ka jab khaila hobo then see .. pani bhi nahi magegi ... they think bombs and fire se leaders bane rahenge ... jin dukhi or gareeb ko mar rahe hain unki hai justice karegi ... jai shiv shakti ... hey mahadev india main satyug laiyan ... har har mahadev
farmer will demand but he will not do politics
if the broker tikait is farmer how m
farmer need money what he had done in land not politics
corona affected persons must be asked to caugh and shake hands and hug these farmers so that they can never think of protests .
waah nice business , from now on protest business will be an occupation in india more idiots will come into this business guarantee
encounter him save india
he is leader he is broker for upa and aap
i dont know why we are taking so much shit from this fool tikait .
whatsapp . ok
this all congress party s people kisan d name gunda gridi
protest till 2024
right work police
can someone please translate their protest issue and their words in english ? thank you .
this guys going to create problem again
churuni - you are misguiding the farmers llllllllll
jjp is now going to loose everything
please help the students of assam to cancel the board exams ... we all the protesting on twitter ( we crossed 1.5 m tweets ) ... but we need your support ... as em is ignoring us .. #cancelassamboardexams #cancelassamboardexams #cancelassamboardexams #cancelassamboardexams #cancelassamboardexams
please help the students of assam to cancel the board exams ... we all the protesting on twitter ( we crossed 1.5 m tweets ) ... but we need your support ... as em is ignoring us .. #cancelassamboardexams #cancelassamboardexams #cancelassamboardexams #cancelassamboardexams #cancelassamboardexams
please help the students of assam to cancel the board exams ... we all the protesting on twitter ( we crossed 1.5 m tweets ) ... but we need your support ... as em is ignoring us .. #cancelassamboardexams #cancelassamboardexams #cancelassamboardexams #cancelassamboardexams #cancelassamboardexams
please help the students of assam to cancel the board exams ... we all the protesting on twitter ( we crossed 1.5 m tweets ) ... but we need your support ... as em is ignoring us .. #cancelassamboardexams #cancelassamboardexams #cancelassamboardexams #cancelassamboardexams #cancelassamboardexams
keep supporting our farmers
feel sad seeing farmers ' plight how low the government can go
corona nhi phela rhe ye kya ? ? ?
* " protect the farmers of india . * * revoke the anti-farmer * * ordinances " * * jay jawan , jay kisan ! *
up
sheesh there is no need to include cowsin everything . fucking hinduphobes
they said the cow in sarcastical way ... like the police said no eye witness is there when they arrest farmers even in front of farmers and camera ... so they did thie
bjp getting ass kicked like they should be
brilliant tactics by the farmers ... use their own medicine against them . keep up the fight . cowbhakts .
support farmers if it wasn't for the farmers you all would starve , it's not easy work they work from morning to night in the open fields show them love and support because of them your eating fresh vegetables and fruits .
india should have a ccp like government , because most of the people in our country are idiots and they won't learn anything until you kick their a * s .
this is a dangerous trend . people are forcefully making gou mata to drink a lot of water to extract maximum gold from gou moothra . this is dangerous to gou mataji's health . please contact me to know how to extract maximum gold without harming the cow .
no mask no distancing in such trying times . so sad . putting many people under risk . should have protested following covid-appropriate behaviour
farmers are not anti national same farmers used to protest in upa era as well for their welfare and rights . just because they are protesting in bjp tenure doesn't make them anti india dissent is integral part of democracy , sedition charges can never suppress this govt is a service provider , they take taxes from the people ( direct and indirect taxes ) being anti govt is not anti nationalism , instead those who question the govt and uphold the democracy are real nationalists .
how the turntables has ...
now no pseudo liberals will say that this mass gathering will lead to more covid cases . aur kyu nahi bolenge kyuki yeh bjp government ko oppose kar rhe hai
my lord ! , when will this clowns ever learn , no mask , gathering together and endangering the lives of others .
these aren't clearly farmers .. they're goons . farmers don't make mess . they work in farms for the benefit of mankind . seriously , these are overly pampered landlords or haryana and punjab . f * uc them
aww poor cow .. it never asked for any of this
animals too have emotions . don't use them as slaves . let them live their lives naturally .. help n feed them good since u have taken all the jungle from them to build concrete cities where they can't even get a clean water n food .
farmers : uno reverse card
bhaut natak ho raha hai ye opposition backed farmers unions se
they haven't spent night for rape victim
shoot the cow . give us beef . shoot the farmer . give us space
they're afraid to beat a divine being
pakistanis are very interested in india but the only thing they can do is write india as endia
tactic borrowed from muhammad ghori
loving an animal is ok but bc you ppl are obsessed with cows
rallies , protests , marriages - masks 0 % , corona 100 %
wouldn't listen to farmers only ...
why tf is police arresting cows now ! ! !
those politics which are carried in the name of farmers i think which in reality it was leading by politicians for not the sake or good for farmers and in between the parties they are using as prey for every violence now a days ... rip society after all these all indians make slogans called jai jawan jai kisan ...
this is how corona spreads . millions of people died but people doesn't care .
: thank you bjp for love and support moooo ... ooo
corona is not over , why are these people gathering , that too without masks ? ? arrest all of them
uncivilized people
holy cow !
these are not farmers but politically motivated people
cows safer than women
uneducated people
this is a fake and illogical going gs on and must not be called kissan andolan . this is basically a jat andolan against a punjabi chief minister . this andolan is nothing but an extension of jat reservation andolan.the andolan during which shops and houses of non jats were put on fire . motor vehicles were set ablaze . as per media reports rapes were committed .
where is home minister ?
harentau has been protesting since a long time without any good result yet .
koe phida nahi hai aa jao wapas don't go corona cases increases
means publuc go to hell if they are hungry . humanity less governance .
how do reporters control thier laugh when bjp answers that yogi is best cm.that all is good.bjp dont see rapes , dead bodies in ganga , covid ...
so much respect to farmers ! the illiterate modi's hate gang are the real anti-nationals !
haryana farmers must protest against this modi government .. tamilnadu will always support honest haryana farmers to uphold truth and justice . at the same time haryana farmers must take care of themselves against covid pandemic .
. 
  . 74 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? . 
   . the politics of bjp rss parties which seek to infiltrate religion openly and caste indirectly into politics to gain political power and to destroy humanity human equality humane , will never win . only humane will win . who is responsible for the disgraceful condition of today's 74 year old independent india which denigrates two different graveyards two different dwellings and fellow human beings in the name of caste ? dk ? dmk ? admk ? congress ? communists ? will the dk dmk admk congress and communists now take responsibility for the disgrace of today's india and take appropriate action ? the world communists without properly manipulating karl marx's ideology of equality , the best in the world , have been rejected by the people and left in a state of irreversibility as they have fragmented humanity without reconsidering the theory of " proletarian dictatorship " which is revised by karl marx . with positive politics for the people as a whole , we will create a new world of education work health equality peace happiness and harmony with nature for all . , , - 74 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? , , " " , , , , , , , ,
or news channel bhi ndtv se kuch sikho . real ground report is the power of media .
we all salute ndtv . for showing real news.yhi media ki sahi takt h .
farmers carry seeds and fertilizer . farmers don't carry swords , iron rods , stones . only rioters and hooligans carry swords , iron rods , stones . 1 . the three farm bills are already in place and working fine as of now and they are part of congress , bjp , ncf parties 2019 election manifesto . ex farmer minister of ncp and present congress chief minister of punjab also supported the same reforms in the past . now all oppositon parties change their stand and making farmers scape goat . 2 . post dialogue with farmers and govt , on december 9th clarified with 10 point amendment that all the doubts farmers posed and will be tabled in next session of parliament . but protesting farmers unions change stand after dec 9th and want full repeal . 3 . in 2019 farmers can't sell their produced rice / wheat / vegetables etc out side of the district or county and cant sell to any one outside of the apmc market yards / mandis and farmer has to pay 8.5 percent fees ( 3 % to market yard improvement , 3 % to district development , 2.5 % to licensed commision agents ) . in some markets they collect both from seller and buyer each 8.5 % . these new 2020 farm laws allows farmers to sell to any where in india to any one . no restriction . it is upto local government to charge needed cess or fees . 4 . in 2019 only 10 % of total agriculture produce ( mainly wheat and rice ) was bought by government agency fci ( food corporation of india as a stockpile for emergeny security ) . 85 % was purchased by private buyers . in 2019 only 15 % of produce of total agriculture was purchased at minimum support price ( msp ) and rest was purchased at lower price . till 2010 the minimum support price was lower than the international price of the goods . after 2010 the minimum support price was increased higher than international price and no exporter is buying at msp except govt agency and all godowns of fci agency are full with 4.5 trillion tonnes of wheat and rice . 5 . who is at loss due to this farm bills of 2020 are a . punjab state governments who charge 3 % cess for district developement will loose around 15000 millions ( 1500 crores ) indian rupees per year income . b . the punjab licensed commision agents ( who are mainly punjabi sikh jat caste landlords ) who get 2.5 % charge per transaction thro markets will loose 1000 crores ( 10000 million ) rupees per year only in punjab state . c . other than punjab and haryana no other state charge district fees and market cess and they charge only commision agent fees . some states there are no markets / mandis like in kerala ( since 1980 ) and bihar ( since 2008 ) . 6 . the funding for protest is happening by charging 500 rupees per farmer . 80 % farmers own only less than 2 hectres / 5 acre land . 7 . the foreign punjab seperatist / secissionist group sikh for justice announced 1 millon dollars as donation and indian banks stoped the distribution asking account holder to show fcra ( foreign control regulatory ) registrants for permission 8 . all want farm reforms . punjab and haryana farmers unions want to repeal and rest of indian country farmers are happy that they can sell anywhere . i think if central / union govt gives that 1500 crores to punjab govt per year and 1000 crore to punjab commision agents it will stop . 9 . in 2021 january govt gave a option to protesting farmers union that it will hold the laws till 2 years until joint committe of farmers and govt will finalize the law clauses that will benefit farmers or not . but unions are adament . 10 . on jan 26,2021 farmers unions done tractor rally and in that lot of iron rods , swords carrying rioters injured 200 police men of delhi police and some of them in icu . delhi police not used single bullet and took the beating from iron rods of rioters . 11 . delhi police booked 300 rioters based on jan 26 2021 cctv camera footage and upon delhi court order . but on 6th feb 2021 farmers unions done chakkajam ( round up of delhi ) with lot of demands along with item 3 demand of letter ( submitted to delhi police ) that the delhi police should release all 300 rioters who took them in custody based on court order for jan 26 violence . 12 . on feb 2021 , supreme court of india created an farmers expert committe of experts to listen to greviances but farmers unions boycotted them . 13 . on april 2021 , indian central government said that they will pay the purchased price of rice and wheat by food coorporation of india to the farmers directly to their bank account which punjab state farmers unions are opposed it because lot of the food grains purchased by fci in punjab are not grown in punjab instead they bought from other states and sold to fci by middle men by forming account ring to get more commission .
jai kissan . union government should listen to the farmers . they cannot be dumb the way they were in 1 . demonitisation 2 . implementation of gst , caa etc . 3 . implementation of farmers bill . jai jawan jai kissan
thug life aaj tak , abp news , indiatv and more
modiji leave the post of pm
so this is spreading vaccine during corona
we are mistaken that we got independence in 1947 , we are still just tax playing slaves only difference is change of throne from britishers to indian politicians now ...
we stand with the farmers
namaste ndtv news bjp chor hai desh bachao please
aor tiket sahaab kya haal hai ab to inke rone ka time hai bjp ka up election m
ese kuch log law ke khilaf bol law hatne lage to desh me law nhi inke jeso ki chalegj court ki konsa sun rye ho
very sad not to listen the kisans
na bill wapas honge na andolan khatab hoga best of luck to all
bjp leaders hawaala deal caught by kerala police
salute to you and to all the people present around you .
great speech
citizens of india salute and support farmers .
they are very hardworking and labourios .
inme se kishan h hi kitne jo real kishan h na usse apni fasal ki chinta h ... wo yha ni baith skta ye saale congresss se maal chaat rhr hai .. or up election jha hua khel khtm
farmers will gherao ur republic tv office very soon .
no mask no distance no control all state govts have become slaves of this fellow .
being on the public road for months is not a healthy reaction . it looks like this mad gang leader is suffering from obsessive compulsive disorder . with these fools it looks more like a mass sucide attempt . cant this leader be forced into a mental hospital for his own safety and those he has been able to manipulate .
this guy tikhait needs to be in jail , and things will be normal . that is the only solution .
your face shows that you have hidden agenda !
no suo motu by supreme court ?
blame amith shah for this , they should be trashed and put in jail . these fake farmers dam , hell bent on destroying nation
rahul gandhi must be punished for wrongdoings govind 19will increasingly rakht ticket protesters to destabilise government of india
please do not stick farmer sticker
these andolan kari will bring 3 rd weave of corona virus because they are super spreader of 2 nd weave
funding khatam ho jayega to protest khatam ho jayega . that's the reality . enough of this drama
farmers are in the field ... they are politically motivated " farmers " ..
dont show such protest if you are genuine news reports
these andolan will flout all rules . shame to see aap , congress behind scene .
dalal amdolan , corona 2nd wave super spreader . lou * * kisan , i had sympathy with farmers but now i don't care , they are under producing over complaining peoples . although new farmers bill don't allow corporate to take their land , but i believe all those land must be taken from these fake farmers / dalals and then these dalals should be jailed for life .
he is busy bringing the 3rd corona wave to india after the second one during the previous farmer protests in and around delhi .
waah good from now on in india commit any crime say that you are farmer , they wont arrest you even though if they arrest contact tikait offer him a good amount he will come with his protest gang and will make you get released without even going to court , from now i guess this trend will continue and even rakesh tikait will . make it as a business as he is earning good amount
vg has given the worlds largest finiancial assistance ever to farmers rs16 per day per farmer how much mors geneeous can vg be ?
there is no shortage of food grains in india despite govt giving extra ration during pandemic shows original farmers are working hard in the fields while fake farmers are doing drama on roads
i don't understand why are they given so much importance . just ignore them
isolate them and leave them free to spread virus to own state people ..
who told you sit there since 7 months papu and team ask him why r u disturbing socity
and corona is over now ... opposition party silent on this drama ...
how dare this stupid doing like this
no corona in so called farmers protest .
this a * * hole is dedicated to bringing the 3rd wave .
nusence is this if i am not wrong
put them in jail
they are not real farmers and they are politically motivated , and acting at the behest of enemy countries .
oppostion no covid spread for this protest shameless oppostion given support
dont say farmers ... i know ... who all are there . the real farmers are working .
supreme court of india is sleeping , ?
* they are blood suckers of the farmers and hv always claimed that the covid is part of govt propoganda . if they refuse to take vaccine , let it be . they are responsible for covid in villages . they should bear what they sow ( making miserable the lives of delhiites ) . * * those protesting are paid by arthiyas for personal gains and by foreign parties to defame the nation . *
* goi has requested these fake farmers-arthiyas * to come up with proposals ; they have not come up any but want to repeal the laws . * * they behave like 5 year old spoilt kids that only know how throw tantrums . they do not hv brains to nego .. they are not leaders . * * strongly believe they are paid . *
i kisan mental i am on road come at tikri boarder with us
no election in 2024 .
police is sarkar.hry.sarkar is making money by challan .
are sab chodo ye batao is baar vote bjp ko ya nota ko
right
i support indian farmers
face book ban sampat sarals videos
the first
gober patrar and bjp shame on u
no farmers no food
when i will become prime minister of india my motherland india will be the happiest dream nation of our freedom fighters this is going to happen very soon jai hind
aap want to do some corruption
so called protesting farmers have become nuisance ... normal people should boycott such so called farmers .
dr . sambit patra has gone out of his mind . inspite of being a med . doc . with knowledge of community med . just for the sake of opposing a pro-people step , he is acting in accordance with the anti-people central govt's dictum and therefore putting forth illogical premise .
metro na to pakistan maan raha hy na china maan raha hy mare dede ... o ... dede say nahe pat rare hy , takry say nahe pat rahe hy , patnayak sarkaar say bhe nahe pat rahe hy , jharkdand waly soryan ke bhe mujy nahe sunna hy , andmaan my meny apna chyla bhejkat aag laga de hy , takla maan raha hy batao metro my dankapati ab kya karu
nobody never ever support these broker middleman mandi walas protest funded by congress . encounter them all atleast real farmers will trade peacefully
this so called antinational farmer crap needs to stop
all the best for the third wave ... this time too they will blame kumbh mela ! !
this is new tactics using by protesters from last few years that to keep women at frontline so that government or police can't take action
republic tv get your sound adjustments right , can't understand anything .
contract protestor tikaith he will conduct protest anywhere in india using name of farmers by taking contract
when sc allowed protests stating it is the democratic right it has allowed anarchy and through this the farmers are responsible for spread of corina . in line with the judgement of madras hc which said eci is criminally responsible for pandemic , we can attribute the same charge against sc . it should have banned the protest . there is a clear understanding between judiciary opposition and farmers otherwise why not the judge who took suo moto case for vaccine issue it is a mute spectator on this issue . very shame on them . judiciary at its worst now a days not doing it's work of clearing backlogs but allowing protests etc even during pandemic is unheard of . it is not taking up vaccine sold by a state for profit suomoto , it is not taking up vaccine wastage by rajasthan why there is a clear nexus which is what it strikes me . foreign lobby playing through all forums .
arrest the bloddy tikayath
gain nothing but nautanki unlimited
this is a fake agitation stoked by unemployed politicians of opposition parties and commission agents of punjab
namaste : iske piche mc congress hai , jai hind
modiji firstly finish these traitors .. we are with u .. they are getting money why will they go home .. pite bina bhoot bhagega nahi
takait will not agree without
corona has not been kind to india . otherwise , instead of taking so many innocent lives , it would have taken this scoundrel by now .
this man is openly threatening india & indians .
fuck this leadar
infamous words oppurtunist leader
farmers doing right
they are inspired by the britishers in terms of looting and ruining this country.jai jawan jai kissan .
keep fighting and stay patient
very nice comments
rakesh tikait gobar kha muut pi
tu chor he
. 
  . 74 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? . 
   . the politics of bjp rss parties which seek to infiltrate religion openly and caste indirectly into politics to gain political power and to destroy humanity human equality humane , will never win . only humane will win . who is responsible for the disgraceful condition of today's 74 year old independent india which denigrates two different graveyards two different dwellings and fellow human beings in the name of caste ? dk ? dmk ? admk ? congress ? communists ? will the dk dmk admk congress and communists now take responsibility for the disgrace of today's india and take appropriate action ? the world communists without properly manipulating karl marx's ideology of equality , the best in the world , have been rejected by the people and left in a state of irreversibility as they have fragmented humanity without reconsidering the theory of " proletarian dictatorship " which is revised by karl marx . with positive politics for the people as a whole , we will create a new world of education work health equality peace happiness and harmony with nature for all . , , - 74 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? , , " " , , , , , , , ,
we support farmers
petrol . bomb . sahin . bag . see . mil . jayega . gulel . vi . heeeee . tractor . var . var . ke . pathor . and . bricks . mangao . police . military . bhaga . jaiaga
elect them mla and mps nothing else .
these farmers leaders are agents of opposition parties and working on their behalf .
these farmers leaders are enemy's of farmers and poor people .
all these fictitious farmers .
these farmers want to become mla and mps nothing else .
it is one cast protest and all the agriculture laws are good for farmers .
fictitious farmers leaders should be arrested immediately and send them in karnatka jail .
kisan brothers jindbad modi.shah finish in lndia
i deslike and unsubscribed your video for this cheap thumbnail
govt don't test the patience of farmers . farmers have iron willpower and courage . atlast govt has to leave dictatorship and accept the real demands of farmers jai jawan jai mazdoor kisan
hello stringth is union
fank news
corona , what corona
sikh hona jurm he india me
got bina soche and discuss kiye decisions leti hai vo harmful hota hai
there were atleast 60000 tractors on delhi roads and many more were doing tractor rallies is local area of punjab , haryana and other states of india . there will be more than 3 lakh tractors on 26th january and it will be largest tractor rally in the world . it will be answer for godi media who were saying against farmers .
nobody force to sell to private . nobody force for contract farming . so no need for andolan .
this media is travesty
ab dikhao na 8 mahine ho gye ? ? lnd pe bethe ho ab ? ? ?
chor hai sale abp wale ... chakke ho tum sab ...
i'm from nepal i fully support kissan jay kissan
how can they call this gunda gardi
kisan chor hai kya jo piche road se jayegi
chor tv
assholes abp news they are thief and they are slaves of bjp
sabse pehle to tere upar chalana chahiye tha
chor abp news
freedom fight at freedom day ... go framer every indian with you
they are not indians
e is looking for the biggest drug sales market you have to understand that farmers in india this is looking for drug sales all over india you have to understand that it has plantation all over india only drugs
understand that farmers are doing drug factories and more than one drug plantation all over india you have to understand that we forgot with the satellite and saw a lot of ugly things
they are replaying the old video check out the people clothes they are wearing winter wear ...
khary khary gatt blaia
farmers are backbone of our nation
support farmers
thank you for my india tiktok chanel
farmers is great
i think you love me
china will support sikh camiunity
stand with farmers ...
we all have to become human beings with hearts in gold , hands in gold and feet in gold .
alot of police beating old elderly farmers . ? where is the dharma ?
farmers are important in our world because they only give us food
are they gone mad ? ? ?
maybe you guys should worry about how shady these guys are when they go to other countries and cheat the system
this shows advantage being taken of police's softness . police is not getting violent . if police use even 10 % of thier discretion and capacity , these all will be gone or sitting in hospitals . use tear gas and shoot 4000-5000 for inciting violence . send apache helicopters and shoot all tractors
i dont understand why they are fighting in road ... which law of indian constitution creats problem ... everyone fight in road .. but i dont understand which law creat problem
rajniti k gaddaar kb giraftaar ? ? 56 " bhashan din-rat ne bihar election 15 me 9 ministers pr criminal mukadme tiranga fehrayenge to sman ?
rajniti k gaddaar kb giraftaar ? ? 56 " bhashan din-rat ne bihar election 15 me 9 ministers pr criminal mukadme tiranga fehrayenge to sman ?
i support tractor
this is no protest is vandalism .
sowing of grains is about to start ... i'm worry if it continues like this ... there will be famine for all including prime minister ...
it's better to cut budget of punjabis and send it to some developing cities of south india or other states like himachal , uttarakhand , ladakh , northeastern states let punjabis go to canada which they call their second home and live happily with their pro khalistani leaders
jai kisan .. now in this country , because of dirty bjp rule , everyone except bjp are terrorist as per rss . rss is gundas they treat farmers as terrorist .. what a shame
so shame on you delhi police so shame on you
what cucks they have become and dude wtf is happening in that entire up-new delhi region . most problematic portion of bharot . areh police ko order do otherwise they'll march into lucknow , they're threatening .
bjp and modi causing chaos all over india .
panjab ain't kashmir which you can easily suppress . we will f * ck you up .
modi must be having bad day again poor guy that sells chai for living , indias elections are rigged fraud govt well known fact
khalistan guys why involving
0:35 i am proud of farmers the are beating police swaaad hi aagaya
sikhs targeted as miniorities by - police saying lets teach them a lesson we will not let you forget 1984 - genocide towards sikhs has started again if hindus hate us so much then we want our own state - 10000 sikhs were killed in 1984 but today the world is watching your games will not work in 2020 - - shame on delhi police - when you target farmers our soilders will be comming back from the borders and you can fight your own battles with bjp and congress goons - -
amit shah home minister planned everything - - 1000 rss bjp already at lal quila before farmers got there - when farmers arrived police left no police for 2 hours .. police blocked main rooute that was agreed and told farmers to go to lal quila why ? ? ? 13 people stopped by farmers smashing public property - all had police id cards and said this was planned by police commissioner and amit shah - amit shah exposed planned to put a end to the protest - police are targeting sikhs and shot dead 3 people at red fort then ran - police helped bjp goons target the women and protest site and watched then throw stone beat up women and elderly farmers - shame on delhi police - racist towards sikhs - genorcides towards sikhs
these people are not farmer . our farmer are working in field . this is politics .
the indian government is 100 % corrupt . that's why this is happening . the political establishment of india only serves the interests of the wealthy elite . their is no real democracy in india , just an oligarchy . the hindu majority is also very discriminatory towards minorities in india . sometimes , protests have to get destructive , otherwise the government just pretends nothing is going on . they should march to mumbai next .
very shameful
ok but why don't you mention that police had even blocked the road which was agreed for the farmers rally . why being one sided ?
indian police deserve this kind of treatment ... i support kissan
tis is the power indian sucking constitution
these are the fucking farmers were about protest and march peacefully with their swords , laathi etc strange . they simply wanted to do this that all . thats fucking politics or kuch nahi hai . they want indira gandhi vaala time again its our delhi we are paying taxes to make delhi look beautiful however there is no use of damaging public property . vaise hi india is already way far behind other countries ye sb karke or piche kardo ki develop hi naa ho paaye .
wtf ! cops just run leaving one of theirs behind ? if it wasn't for few of those guys he would have gotten beat to death .
1 . ) blocking strategic roads & highway : an act of war 2 . ) trying to run over policemen with tractors : attemp to murder 3 . ) planting religious flag and shrug off tricolour : sedition and hurting sentiments . sickular media : peaceful farmer's protest and rally
this modhi risking life of police .. what he doing . stop the law
the guy who hit the police with the indian flag should be shot without any mercy . they might be farmers , if they don't have respect for government it's kk , but if they don't respect for the country and it's flag they should tamed . they should be killed without hesitation which makes it clear that no one is above the nation . being a farmer is not an excuse for disrespecting and disgracing the national flag , nation pride .
now i don't support farmers protest
modi responsible for everything . they try to stop the peaceful protester by force , so they resort to force .
wtf ? police has to fire tear gas ... fuck you . police fired tear gas first . police used lathi on farmers .
enough of them bsdk farmers
no need to fire pellet guns or water cannon . just shoot at spot when they commit any crime . they are not farmers , they are anti nationals . i stand with delhi police . they are not farmers . they are wolves in dress of sheeps .
people saying they are not peacefully protesting . there have been nine rounds of talks between farmers and central government . you cant expect every single farmer to protest peacefully theyll lose their patience at some point . while look at that one man who rescued that police personnel . shame on central government who still wants to talk . just repeal those laws whats the big deal !
it's not the one who is standing in uniform in front of them they r just following the orders of politicians ( the real culprits behind this whole mess ) i support farmers but at the same time i respect police
congress , pakistan and china funding these protests ... anti social elements who dont want solution are protesting
shameful act by farmers
its a pity watching them fight at such an auspicious day
they are not formers .. actually they accepted peace protest and police agreed . but this is unfortunate and whoever did mistake must be punished as early as possible .
is this why we allowed them into capital ... they think they can get away with this act ... this just consolidated they will never get what they want with this cowardly act .
black day ... not republic day ... 1 farmer died
hate congress .
group of khalistani anti nationals trying to provoke the constitution of india , we can never expect ordinary farmers to lean into aggravation of such kind , what a shame , both liberals and bhakts will agree to it
you call panjabi farmers actually they are landlords and poor from bihar do farming there
they r not farmers they are terrorist
destroying their own country .
farmers rally ... really ? ? ?
police should have the right to shoot at rioters
90 % are khalistan terrorists ..
so i see so many negative comments like people have switched off their brains and believing what they are showing , i feel like the people who are carrying sticks and assaulting police may not even be farmers , all the farmers demands are slowly getting agreed by government so question 1 - - why would they assault a police when everything is going fine , and no one ask that because no one cares question 2 - - we have seen police using tear gas and water cannons before during the clash between police and farmers and no one is wearing masks but now they did with khalistani flags and you guys are believing idiotically , they are punjabis and that too i know there would atleast one person serving indian army for every house hold i feel like it's some kind of game some bastard is playing to dissolve the credibility of farmers , and i am not saying i am true just question the possibility anything of your choice before you believe something
shame on modi ! ! !
this fucking goons ar separatists not a farmers
they are doing protest or damaging public properties
army bulao ... bhenchod protest krna is good ... but saala ye kya tarika h ... ? pekle shaheen bagh then delhi riots aur ab ye ?
they are behaving like a roudys not as farmers some of them
sad feeling for delhi police
these peaceful farmers reminded me of a 90 ' s song of chamatkar movie ... * bichoo ho bichoo ye bichoo ha bichoo pakdo maro na chodo , choda to dank mar jayega * hope the police don't leave them this time ... . warna sale such main dank mar hi denge
when the mask falls off , you can see the true face .
these cannot be called as farmers , they are trying to kill police with tractors .
why removed the video
" farmers " protesting " peacefully " with " sticks " in their hands ?
haha leftists are such a dangerous element for our country .
all becoz of bjp
kejriwal supporting everyone of these in delhi
first time i m feeling bad for police personnel
its not a farmers protest
fuck you congress , i was aware that that u can go to extend to gain power back , but i dint that ur level will drop so much that bills that would have help farmers , u have successfully converted it into anti farmers and we lost innocent farmers who had no idea whats the agenda here pathehic behaviour no cost of human life note : i am not bjp fan yeah fuck them too
this are bloody terrorists .
please don't support riots even if you hate modi , it damages our own motherland
who needs china when the leftist themselves will destroy india delhi riots , shaheen bagh , bangalore riots , red fort riots
those who climbed the red fort and vandalized the national flag , hang them in public .
the mistake is form both the side don't show farmer wrong the only one is wrong is godi media and modi sarkar . godi media murdabad godi media murdabad . rip godi media . shame on you guys
bjp ne karwaya ye . parade route par march peacefully hua . delhi central mei ye bjp ne karwaya ..
a world show channal kishan bhaiyo ko support karta hai
government ko tractor pe subsidy band kar deni chahiye
support farmers , save the nation . people who don't support the formers , are pure indians . others are either puppets or inhuman . if you are puppets then these farmers will transform you soon and your bosses . if you are misinformed , then you need to be sensible that bills are impacting farmers income and haryana punjab farmers don't want to be bihar farmers . wake up before someone sells the country to few people
i read chilla as china !
is this the beginning of the downfall of modi govt ?
toilet paper of india
it was a peaceful march . shame on modi sarkar and the delhi police to face it like foxes . modi - tyrant . you know only to act atrociously . nothing good in you .
farmers are more than police
this is bad very .
all are made victims for worlds wide wors 3 ?
why police not just shoot them with missiles
indian government become anarchy . indians are subjugated by bjp . even elections were carried out in manupulative manner .
we are support farmers
we are sikhs we respect everyone and if someone disrespects us then we know how to deal with tht .
modi is a f b
no farmers only terrorist
naredra modi behaving like as hitlar yelder brother
are they farmers ? ? ?
at least , to strike a compromise , govt . need to have a seperate agency to act as a business resource center for the farmers in each state that they can go to ; to give them business guidance , teach them business & negotiating skills etc . without that , it's like throwing them out of the ship and they're saying , they don't even know how to swim
these are not real farmers . they might hold lands and are landlord but they are more agents and middlemen and have practice to give their land on contract within local poor people to work on their field . these are more of landlords and middlemen of khalistan suporters . they are not arguing on the laws which was most awaited and is good for people and farmers in general . could you highlight what is black in that law ? there will be no repeal of laws . i am also a farmer and my son's will also be farming here . we had been deprived of our right due to few agents and middle men and when now govt has taken steps to curb that and help us . you western media guys are spreading lies and hate among us and dividing . watch there in your land for next farmer protest and it has begun now in germany . beware . we are coming to you .
most powerful community in world seems truth # ?
i'm from india and this bjp government is not good for indian democracy
the farmers bill affects all of india . i dont understand why there are only protesters from punjab . there are other indian states that have far more farmers than punjab however theres no objection from there . wonder why , seems like they maybe incentivized by the the congress government in punjab to protest against the central government of india . one cant argue that the bill affects farmers in punjab more than rest , because thats not true .
modi government is worst than chinese communist in the name of democracy .
what is the demand of farmers ? why government can't agree ?
this is not indian farmer ... modi virodh only
ea konsi country hai bhai what is the country . ?
completely destroyed democracy
civil war in india
i am from india , let me give you a light on it ... actually current government has passed three laws on farming in india ... which allows the farmers to directly sale they produce to the whoever they want ... and there used to be the minimum support price before this law ... opposition is saying that govt will remove the minimum support price and will not be good for farmers .. so government have officially confirmed to the nation that there will be the minimum support price and it will not be removed ... in fact since 2014 , government has bought more food from farmers to support them then the earlier government ... and government is ready to amend the laws also ... for whatever the dispute farmers have abt the law , but opposition and farmer leaders are instigating farmers to take the whole laws back ... infact supreme court have said to put stay on law for a year ... but farmers just wants to remove the whole law ... and the irony is once a while opposition had mentioned to brig these law in their menifesto ... and now they themselves are opposing it .. there are many more farmers in india then these protesters who support to the law here are just a few of the farmersthat are not less in number but as compared to the overall number of farmers in india these are few farmers from all over india ... it's totally acceptable if farmers do protest for something if they don't like about government ... but some opposition leader and khalistani motivated group is running the whole scenario ...
govt ruined farmers parade by sending their own goons in police uniforms . they r killing farmers . they lead them to go to red fort by bericating the proper route . their all planing are getting failed everyday . farmers protest still growing even more than before
it is really sad to see the plight of those cops too as they have to listen to their authorities and get all the beatings .
plz beware those fighting is not farmers .. those are the same goons who have come many times to disrupt peaceful protest and end the peaceful protest .. we all indians know who sent them to red fort ! ! jai kisan
listen , farmers are super poor and they can't survive if they don't work for a week and these protestors are not farmers , they are traders who buy yields from farmers at cheapest price and sell them in the best price .
stop your whining they're just upset they can't afford to buy the kid fancy car luxury house in other country and cheat the system when they get here
this is the dumbest prime minister ever seen ...
communist party of india bjp at its finest trying to ruin india
govt is doing wrong
next farcry game on india & mainmar
it's all fake i am from india more than 500 police man have been deadly injured , roads are blocked because of this there is not electricity , supply internet devar also planning to destroyed the function of republic day
the farmer you see draped in the flag was claimed to be shot dead by the police . later they released a grainy footage via some cctv camera claiming innocence . but they hid the fact that they had taken away the cctv from the premises where the shots were fired from . that footage is still missing . even the post mortem doctor told the relatives of the farmer that the injuries were consistent with bullet wounds . .. but that they couldnt put their findings in writing and on record for obvious reasons .
a government aginst our own farmers .. indian hitler modiraj murdhabad corporate bandhu modi murdhabad black law's should be removed immediately
this is most likely more propaganda by the evil news media working to destroy the world , playing mind games with everybody . nobody believes them anymore .
the evil globalist are purposely causing chaos around the world . but that is fine , cause we will destroy the united nations and their agenda for world power .
democracy are vulnerable now days two hounds looking asia will biten by china and europe in gulf by russia . <user> democracy already fallen down <user> have modest president who always kissing xezinping behind the curtain . @ britain struggling with corona <user> made deal with russia <user> is now puppet of putin <user> surrounded by all side with 3 aircraft carriers . rip europe
democracy in form of emergency
germany's farmers are protesting in there country against of new law . you can search in google . euronews is showing that .
only here we can see the truth , in india govt have purchased the media also , shame on indian journalists ,
modi dictator , your time is over now , how many you will kill , we are ready to die , we won't let india be china
shame on you modhi government
india's separation of state and church is clearly non existent , as hindu extremist run the country
fair fight . stick and stones only . no firearms please .
indian police aur politician pagal hai kiun sb ke sb 33 % wale pass hai
satnam shri waheguru ji . satnam shri waheguru ji.parmatma ji sab loka nu kisana nu tandrost rakhe ji.agge parmatma ji di marji a ji.meri hath jod ke benti a ji ki sarkara nu bill pass karne chahide a ji . ok ji . ok ji .
the governments of india and bangladesh are trying to engage in politics with corruption
they obviously make us waste our time watching this well i trade forex from the comfort of my home with the help and guidance of an expert trader carlos _1uptrades on ! g .
mubarak ho india is now pragnent ... 4 or 5 more country comeing in this world from indian belly ...
this is the result of government corruptions .
shoot them to disrespect nation flag
idiot rally
i am 10th class student ayush chandra , i am writing this meesage to people that plz don't host the flag it is place where india flag should be hosted ( i am crying ) plz stop hosting ur flag in red fort ! ! plz stop ... this is our country plzzzz ... don't host ur flag where our tricolour should be hosted because of this i am crying ... because u are disgracing my country ... don't do plz stop
i am 10th class student ayush chandra , i am writing this meesage to people that plz don't host the flag it is place where india flag should be hosted ( i am crying ) plz stop hosting ur flag in red fort ! ! plz stop ... this is our country plzzzz ... don't host ur flag where our tricolour should be hosted because of this i am crying ... because u are disgracing my country ... don't do plz stop
i am 10th class student ayush chandra , i am writing this meesage to people that plz don't host the flag it is place where india flag should be hosted ( i am crying ) plz stop hosting ur flag in red fort ! ! plz stop ... this is our country plzzzz ... don't host ur flag where our tricolour should be hosted because of this i am crying ... because u are disgracing my country ... don't do plz stop
i am 10th class student ayush chandra , i am writing this meesage to people that plz don't host the flag it is place where india flag should be hosted ( i am crying ) plz stop hosting ur flag in red fort ! ! plz stop ... this is our country plzzzz ... don't host ur flag where our tricolour should be hosted because of this i am crying ... because u are disgracing my country ... don't do plz stop
aryan divas study channel
mujhe support kariye public
i . love you all farmers , l slute all the martyrs of kisan movement
best off luck . laga roo
sunday family
the farmers received permission from delhi to conduct the tractor rally on 26-1- 2021 . today on republic day the farmers conducted a peaceful march . but modi sarkar like a fox lied and cheated them by tear-gassing and flatenning the tyres of the tractors . the farmer's reaction is noteworthy here . they left peacefully . modi is acting dangerously proud and arrogant . nobody is going to give up till modi sarkar vanishes like smoke .
they are not kisan and kisan representative , don't paint wrong picture about them . i am farmer and fully supporting new agriculture bill .
how many farmers have tractor ? all of them in india ? how many % ?
bless all farmers and supporters , your doing the right thing
take military action without any delay
congratulations to indian farmers
, , , it again proves that kisaans don't use their brains at all . otherwise they would not have reacted to rakesh tikait's ( the dramebaaz ) crocodile tears the way did . there is a very thin line difference between being innocent and being stupid . the innocents are still working on their fields and the stupids are here at the delhi borders ...
filthy turbans
shame for modi govt
not justifying the illegal beating of policemen but it looks so one sided when the same people don't care of police beating the public illegally . yes illegally . why don't people care for the policies bjp government is making to kill the income of poor . well at first majority don't understand the policies . there is a common thinking that men is suit can do any wrong with their pen and still people won't understand but when a poor person do something visible than it becomes the only crime commited
why don't they just let the states choose if they want to implement these laws or not . if they work , maybe punjab farmers will also join .
the cops are showing amazing restraint . in usa , if you charge a cop like this , you are shot dead .
delhi police was ordered to fire tear gas and lathi charge , police and raf started firing tear gas in the morning and they also killed one yongster . after this young people in protest were quite angry and then started to fight back . this video is not showing the whole story that how delhi police fired shots and killed one person .
quint isn't gonna respond this and report this as unwanted mishap created by unecessary bastards who are ruining the name of farmers instead it's gonna defend this action for sure now that's a fair media isn't it ? ? ?
police getting taste of their own medicine
these are anti social elements not farmers ... funded by congress party and communists , pakistan and china ... real poor farmers are happy with farm laws
all are not farmers yarr how can farmers do protest with sowrds and politics mai ye police ki kya galti h vo to bus un gande logo k orders follow kar rhi h
selective definition of a peaceful rally . 1 . start earlier than agreed upon time . 2 . change route arbitrarily . 3 . tear and disrespect to national flag on route . 4 . threaten police force with batons and swords . 5 . damage public property . 6 . enter restricted premises like red fort . 7 . furl khalistani / religious flag on national monuments ( religious flags in a farmers rally ? ? ? ... was it a religious rally or farmer's rally ? ? ? )
kisaan - zindabad ! ! ! police - zindabad ! ! ! paid actors murdabad ! ! ! politicians jahannam ghat ... a very sad event on a previladged day ! ! !
it's been so much turbulent ( yester ) day.there may be some alleged fringe element present . 1 year before approximately before some flag raising politics feb 2020 something on someone else religious institution , if my clouding memory serves , this has served as trend.let anybody whatsoever , plz respect our constitution of india ; anybody of creed , color , caste , religion , race , gender , culture , class etc .. plz . everything can be solved between both parties on bipolar sides in the mediation and involvement of the hon judiciary commission . this is becoming a laughing stock on the world community .
quint you loosed my respect get in the asshole
i don't understand this , how is attack on police acceptable , r they not soldiers , r they not serving th nation as army men n v can clearly see they were carrying flags of khalsa , wht hell is tht , if u r protesting for farmers bill how th hell is tht flag with them , bloody terrorists , sikh people showed their true nature , till they needed help , they were with india , now tht they based outside n feel self sufficient , they r showing their true colours , shame on them
this republic day will be remember .
modi enjoying life while poor police and farmers are going to die typical indian government
rioters
hats off to amit shah . he didn't order paramilitary to take strict steps against the terrorists . para military can beat the shit out of these terrorists in one order of amit shah . but shah didn't do that .
they are not farmers ... violent terrorist
the most happiest day for the quint , ndtv and the wire ..
these people are dalars and agents not farmers ..
modern india under modi and shah .. the two gujarati .. playing wid the life of rest of india .. sad moment for farmers and indians ! !
all hail farmers
happy republic day
1:53 imagine your father as a police man at that moment ? !
pahli bar police walon pe lathi charge hote dekha
see is totally unacceptable ... from farmer's they just try you do politics into the name of farmers
shame on modi
if indira gandhi was current pm then she would have given instant kill order . ye saale zinda bach gaye aaj
pre planned
protest is ok but beating badly to police officers is not ok
if farmers don't want the law , why modi is forcing ?
modi only represents only corporate , not people or nation .
apne desh ka nam niche jhuka diya aj hamare logo ne . very unhappy with this video
yeh to indira gandhi ke tym kesa ho.gya jha pr log indira hatao ke naare lagaye krte the modi is a bloody traiter to nation
these farmers are rioters
i am from tamilnadu ... tamilnadu people always not supported modi ... he is very criminal mind and he is right hand of ambani ... after jallikattu protest we not supported ... 1 single vote also we didn't put him ... now only north india people seeing his real face
these people are agitating by using the name of farmer in fact thire aim is achiv hiden agenda
sare ministers aaj parade dekh rhe hai bt ye bechare police wale yaha fijool me kisano se lad rhe hai
in all this atuff police got pissed off
expected strategy from government tofail andolaan ... ghar bula kar rasta nahi bataya
hey indians , happy republic day . bharat mera mahaan . new india of modi . isse acha china hay .
communist and khalsa group
ye to khud police walo ko maar rhe h phele police ko marte h fhir unko bachane ka dikhawa kr rhe h
achay din by bjp
all because of disgusting government who made black laws
really feel very sry for that police who's joining his hand ... god bless this country
now people know what is happening in kashmir
right after the attack on capital in usa and modi condemning it . this happens .
happy republic day india ... from kashmir
wow , kya farmers hai ... it can be clearly seen mob attacking police personnel on duty . they are not farmers , they are goons .
god knows what kind of people are calling these goons as kisan . a kisan can't do these things . these people are taking advantage of kisan andolan and insulting our nation on its day of pride .
it's not good beating cops but farmers protested so long without any violation or fight , neither police nor farmers are wrong the one who is wrong is this govt and modi
someone should be interviewing these cops who got beaten by public to know how does it feel to be at receiving end ...
godi govt spread the mess around the country .
on this republic day of my motherland , i salute the brave farmers , the unsaluted warriors of the land . victory to farmers . love and respects from kerala .
that's what happen when you don't reform police and judiciary . law and order is a joke in this country . that's why india is a third world
blasters really
respected film lovers , like , " veer-zaara " , " geet " , " asha " , story for jrntr sir and nayanathara gaaru , this story outline is , this is a pure love story , between , one innocent illiteracy person rama , jrntr sir , and doctor seetha m . b . b . s , nayanathara gaaru , to know this story , whatch in my youtube channel , " kondeti productions " please watch respected film lovers , jai sriram , jai jai sriram , jai jai seetharam .
brokers protest behind farmers mask new farm laws benefited ra ayya
police walon cycle kar rahe hain
b and d media
zee news & zee group owner subhash chandra's accounted for 8,400 crs worth of npas of yes bank . 8,400 , - full promoter holding pledge ,
zee news & zee group owner subhash chandra's accounted for 8,400 crs worth of npas of yes bank . 8,400 , -
ajj tak abp godi media watch this video you see reality they did no insult to the flag no damage they only used a empty pole that was there . <url> one farmer killed by police
if you keep oppressing sikhs , we will have no option but to fight for separation and creating our own homeland . you have been warned . khalistan jindabad
all the best to food god's ..
show tractor rally , show tractor rally
history being made in india . kissan and jawan parallel to each other will parade for first time in india ...
all the best . beware . you are creating a history . you are representing nation . hence be in decipline . jai hind , jai jawan , jai kissan .
support from london
proud to be farmer
inhone hamara sir jhuka diya jai hind
how can the government ignore the voice of its people !
farmers proud of you at least some one has guts to fight against dictator gunda modi and bjp ... we support farmers
ye hai punjabi culture or ye hai inki tarbiyat . attack in red fort means attack in ours heart ... same on you
great farmers awesome let them out this terrorist government
modi - chor . we r with our farmers only jai kisaan
krishna didn't do it right at all on republic day ...
delhi us chai waley modi k baap ki nhi hai . geo shero ! ! ! modi should resign immediately after all that violence .
indian government must be shameful . extremist govt cannot give peace and rights to the citizens of india
riots happening all over the world . media fascists does not want to inform people about this . stand together people !
jo bole sonehal .. satsriyakal .. government must think of everyone not just richest class in my opinion .. because is for all not just few corporates ...
after protesting do long in a peaceful manner why did they resort to violence . all their efforts gone for waste . very sad .
long live resistance
this is sad
police me h rss ke gunde aur bjp ke , police wale nhi je
traitors shd be punished
police had wrong people inside them .
why police start rude behave first punjab kisans are not the spoons of gandhj ji they are the sons of guru gobind singh ji they know how to create the path
riots in delhi , riots in many cities in the netherlands , and other european cities . i hope ex-president trump is not blamed for it
farmers back bone of our country
support to farmers and sikh brothers ... god bless you .
plz don't show faces of civilians who took sticks in self defence
thanks
* news digest to start the day ( 26 jan 2021 , tuesday ) 5 minutes read ; updated at 0721hrs ist * * world : 100,279 , 849 death 2,149 , 377 ( 2.14 % ) active 25,840 , 393 ( 26 % ) recovery 72,290 , 079 ( 72 % ) * _india : 10,677 , 710 ; death 153,624 ( 1.44 % ) active 178,808 ( 1.67 % ) recovery 10,345 , 278 ( 96.89 % ) _ * india celebrates 72nd republic day today amid coronavirus pandemic ; will begin at 9am and conclude after the traditional fly past 11.25 am * _india successfully test-fires new-generation akash missile will be used by the indian air force to intercept high-manoeuvring low radar cross-section aerial threats _ galwan hero col santosh babu posthumously awarded mahavir chakra , 5 other martyrs get vir chakra * jyoti kumari the girl who carried her father 1,200 km on cycle among bal puraskar winners ; arshiya das , a 10 - year-old chess player , has also been awarded for her contribution in the field of sports * _shinzo abe , sp balasubramaniam given padma vibhushan ; paswan , gogoi awarded padma bhushan _ * study : earth is losing ice faster today than in the mid - 1990s ; 28tn metric ton of ice have melted away from the worlds sea ice , ice sheets & glaciers since mid - 1990s ; 57 % faster than 3 decades ago * _one pilot dead , another critical as army's dhruv chopper crash lands in j & k's kathua district _ * saluting farmers who've made india self-reliant ' : before r-day tractor rally , prez kovind's tribute to crop growers ; 3 - layer security in sec 38 , cops on delhi jaipur e-way : amid farmers ' rally on r-day , gurugram on alert ; famers may veer away from planned route * _covid - 19 makes india's poor stare at decade-long poverty , but wealth of top billionaires swells by 35 % : oxfam _ covid - 19 : delhi could be heading towards attaining ' herd immunity ' , indicates latest sero-survey ; in one dist 50-60 % developed antibodies * govt : those spreading rumours about covid - 19 vaccines to be punished under disaster management act , ipc * _moderna says covid vaccine effective against uk , south africa variants ; 6 fold reduction in antibody levels was observed with the b . 1.351 variant but levels are thought to remain above what is required for protection against covid - 19_ covid vaccine divide between rich and poor nations worsening , warns who ; us detects 1st case of brazil coronavirus variant ; us " well on " way to covid herd immunity by summer says joe biden * oxford university to test inexpensive , at-home ' wonder drug ' that could reduce covid deaths ; not properly evaluated yet * _water warrior dr fawzia tarannum : is india facing a water crisis ? ' apathy toward water ' to blame _ face-off at sikkims naku la casts light on chinas lac game plan against india ; china insists india withdraw troops from pangong tso's south bank first before pla pulls back soldiers * women safety , children's issues should be the priority of all govts , says one day child cm * _nitin gadkari approves proposal to levy ' green tax ' on old , polluting vehicles at time of renewal of fitness certificate , at the rate of 10 % to 25 % of road tax _ tcs becomes world's most valued it company , surpassing accenture ; market capitalisation crossed $ 169.9 bn * 53 % indian firms plan hiring , 60 % set to increase salaries as it sector leads rebound ; top 4 to recruit 91k from campuses this year * _samsung india on heels of maruti suzuki with net sales of rs 75,461 cr in fy20 ; net sales increased 7 % _ uae central bank slaps rs 13cr monetary sanction on bank of baroda for deficiencies in compliance of federal decree law of 2018 on anti money laundering and combating the financing of terrorism and financing of illegal organisations * amid nepal political crisis , us envoy meets pushpa kamal dahal ' prachanda ' to discuss biden admin's priorities * _china ' s xi jinping warns davos world economic forum against ' new cold war ' ; will always end up harming every nation's interests and sacrificing people's welfare _ isl : chennaiyin fc vs mumbai city fc : jahouh error , isma penalty helps cfc holdings llc mcfc to draw todays word - * obsidional * - of , like or pertaining to a siege
really shame logo ko bhi smajh ani chaiya . ya government really tanashai ho gayi ha . provoked the people .
jai kissan jai jawan government agar well wishes hoti farmers ki to log two three months sa itni thand mein sa road par nahin hota ab to haad kr di permission de kr ya scene create kra diya
yep . we should all enter your house too , yeh ghar bhi hamara hai
thank you farmer organisation of india for your struggle against agriculture amendment act
proud to be indian salute to all farmers
lal quila sold by modi to dalmia group the conquest of lal qila was won by the sikh forces in 1783 - and belongs to the sikhs - modi goverment has sold the lal qila and sikhs as not happy and have every right to host the nishan sahib flag - lal quila belongs to sikhs - bjp will never be able to take over punjab
khalastan home land of skith
khalastan is last destination of skith people
tum saley sb k sb chor hi
why pellet gun is only for kashmir ... kya aj pellet gun use nhi krna chyiah tha indian govt.ko
these are anti social elements not farmers ... funded by congress party and communists , pakistan and china ... real poor farmers are happy with farm laws
public dna - zee news & zee group owner subhash chandra's accounted for 8,400 crs worth of npas of yes bank . 8,400 , -
police is great always
behad shameless
hamesha police ko lathi charge karte dekha hai or aaj khud police per ...
ek new law nikalna chahiye taki protest new law pe hone lge or farmers law ka protest band ho jaye
police wala hatt jodh raha hai
2014 ( ) tv news , evm , , ,
can every body enjoy for sometime because rajdeep sardesai and shashi tharoor are booked under sedition
proud off
modi enjoying life while poor police and farmers are going to die typical indian government
jai javan jai kisaan . fight for their support . full support bhai log modi apne sath sath pure desh ko le dubega
ye 1980 me congress ki paida ki huvi rss-bjp hai . * this kisan bill is long term conspiracy . * * they can remind today's public the pre-planned bangal famine in 1769-1772 * in which nearly * 1 crore people died * due to famine ( forced contract farming by british rulers )
come on farmer
it is so beyond sad to see people all over the world in those stupid masks .
welcome to the nightmare of a one world tyranny government of eugenics .
india did not spend money on poor but focused on aggression , though it should pay more on its poor people . look , this is what it did to its neighbor countries . - - - annexed kalapani from nepal in 1962 ; - - - annexed turtuk from pakistan in 1971 ; - - - separated eastern pakistan from pakistan to become bangladesh in 1971 ; - - - annexed tin bigha from bangladesh in 1972 ; - - - annexed sikkim to become one of its states in 1975 ; - - - tried to invade mauritius but failed in 1983 ; - - - committed massacres of sikhism , captured their territories and attacked harmandir sahib so sikhism believers assassinated indian prime minister indira gandhi in 1984 ; - - - invaded sri lanka in 1987 ; - - - 1st time invaded bhutan and failed in 1990 due to international pressure , but has controlled its defense and diplomatic affairs till now ; - - - supported and financed the terrorist organization tamil ltte to rebel against sri lanka government but gave it up later under great international pressure . the betray triggered huge anger of ltte so it assassinated its prime minister rajiv gandhi in 1991 ; - - - annexed dooars from bhutan in 2006 ; - - - annexed moreh from myanmar in 2013 ; - - - 2nd time invaded bhutan but failed in 2017 due to international pressure ; - - - tried to invade maldives in 2018 ; - - - invaded nepal and one of its soldiers was shot dead by nepal security force in jun of 2020 ; - - - keeps nibbling lands from chinatibett and kashmir that led to a war in 1962 and border conflicts with china till today ; - - - keeps nibbling lands from pakistan kashmir that led to daily border wars and gun fights ; and more ..
where are the women ? my grandparents were farmers , big home , and 9 screaming children . she worked very hard . food and clothes all made by grandmothers hand . grandpa and the screaming children always on the farm when not in school nor at studies . grandma passed at 95 and grandpa 97 . i miss them . sad for me . i love farmers and there is a special place in my heart for them .
farmer revolution in the 21st century
ruptly : uploaded full length movie , keep watching ...
the whole world today is socialist germany . the european union is pure bolshevism .
modi government work for few oligarchs not for 130 crore people of india . protest in every country could be different in meaning , for peculiar reasons . negative protests : - sometimes foreign oligarchy governments meddle in another country with the help of sold out media they provoke people and create a useless protest to try to remove the sovereignty of that country and a strong leadership . positive protests : - sometimes native people organically do it against the oligarchy puppet government to preserve some sovereignty . this protest is organically done by the people of india against the puppet government which rules india
' tractor rally ' followed by the wagon rally .
no farmers no food
there was no disrespect done to our national flag on the republic day . the nishan sahib that was raised on the laal killa is the same flag that was raised on the laal killa 18 times in history against the mughal rule by the sikhs who stood up against oppression towards hindus and fought against the forceful mass conversion of hindus to islam . we should not forget the our history of 800 years of mughal rule in india and the khalsa armys formation to stand up against the oppression of other religions in india . khalsa army stood up against mughals snd closed the dariyaye khaibar the passage from afghanistan where these looters used to come from . under this khalsa flag , the sikhs not only protected the hindu women during the mughal rule , but also sacrificed their lives for the existence of the hindu faith in india . this khalsa flag is also raised in the gurudwaras that provide free food to the needy without discrimination . khalsa flag is also the flag of the sikh regiment in the army . this false propaganda that is being spread to defame the farmers protest and the sikh community is a shameless act by the right wing rss . sikh community brings the whole nation together as one , but rss divides our country in the name of religion . by preplanning and staging the violence on the republic day , this fascist government thought that they would be able to create a drift among people and spread hatred in the name of religion . but they forgot that they are trying to fool the educated people if india , people who understand the cheap tactics of this government . and the truth came out when the person luring the protests towards the laal killa came out to a bjp supporter . his pictures are on social media with the pm and the home minister amit shah in a conference room . the question to ask is , who can have access to the pms conference room ? did anyone ask the pm to clarify his stand with deep sidhu ? all this preplanned false propaganda was exposed , when people found out about the relationship of deep sidhu & bjp . this protest is stronger than ever now.bjp has failed every single protest , crushed every single voice that was raise against them through the false reporting of godi media and by creating a false narrative . bjps it cell works tirelessly day and night by creating the false twitter account and spreading fake news , just like the trp scam by many renowned tv channels . people understand your propaganda now & you cant spread hatred by using false narrative . we stand in solidarity with our farmers and their rights . #farmersprotest
they are not farmers ...
this clearly is not a protest , people running around with swords & sticks breaking things harming security is evidence on its own what this is . lost all respect for these so called protesters ideally they needed to be shot and rightly so .
using buses as baracad is nuts
yrr but this is not the way by disrespect our nation
not our india flag on top of red fort on republic day
i don't see any violence . they are simply trying to make their way through the blockades delhi police put in the first place
this is where government subsidies are used at bloody goons !
what happened that day is an expression of dissent by the farmers who have been peacefully protesting for 2 months and losing their loved ones amid cold and covid . almost 150 + farmers died in the protest . the government passed the laws amid covid and declared postponing it just days prior to republic day for their reputation . they care less for the farmers and more about their image . police clearly fired unprovoked tear gases to the peaceful protestors and the whole mess began . thats a ground report ! protestors were seen distributing water bottles to police and protecting female police from the chaos . yes they hoisted their sikh faith flag but whats wrong with that ? the national flag was way up higher and untouched and the sikh faith flag is a reminder of the dissent of farmers who have heard zero response from their democratic prime minister about the farm law protests since day 1 as if pretending the country is well and stablilised . guess what ? the government stopped / slowed internet services in the capital to prevent the authenticity of the day get out ! i would request everyone to check <user> page on instagram . they have the ground reports and tell the whole truth . the media twisted the narrative as always . trust me , as always .
this should always be the unity of our nation ! jai javan , jai kisan
i was rooting for them ! now all their pain loses value .. straight out of trump's playbook
for all the stupids here ... that was actually the intention of godi and the violence had been created by bjp leader ... and yes that flag sada nishaan sahab aa ... jinko lgta h na punjbio ne ijat gvali ... beta ijat ta hun mili aa ... sada jhnda khalistani ni aa ... eh sanu sade gurua ne ditta ... and yes we don't need ur fake people's support ... sade nal rabb hga ... sanu koi lod ni kise nu explain krn di kuch v .. baba nanak sab janda te sbda bhla kru ... avde lekh sudarlo ... #supportfarmers ... #fakemedia
they have now proved that the government thrashed them for good . they deserve more beating for throwing my national flag on the ground .
" justice will not be served untill those who are unaffected are as outraged as those who are . " - benjamin franklin
if modi had discussed these farm law with farmers before forcing it on us . this could never happened
bus : 1 tractor : 0
it's an attempt of murder to run over someone ( uniformed or non-uniformed ) by tractor in the name of demand and protest ... it is very very condemnable ... it has been assumed that date of june , 1984 has been forgotten and taken the democratic right as a leverage ... if it continue further and escalate into more violent and leads to human casualties ( uniformed or non-uniformed ) ... then the time for #opsbluestar_2 . 0
these people exposed themselves . khalistan supporters .
peaceful rally
what do you get by vandalizing public buses ? i don't understand . total shameful act
these can't be farmers ... these are goons ... coz feeders can't be vandalizers
were did these safron flag came from
if the sowing farmer is starving , the plowing hands will have to carry guns . - che guvera
a protest , concerning freedom has no place for " peaceful protest " . i suspect these are the same people who sided with the east india company because the revolutionaries were not " peaceful " . freedom will be won .
now if u say i am bhakt i would happy accept that title as award . these are not farmers . bunch of goons .
delhi police had start using tear gas , baton and then blockades with dtc busses to stop peacefull rally earlier despite of agreement b / w farmers to create chaos , delphi police coward image exposed as always , shame shame
some one trying to play foul to put farmers in bad light . there were barricades all over the place , except on the way to red fort . deep sidhu responsible for this . farmers and farmer leaders don't support this act . majority of sikhs saying this is wrong , sikh flag has its own place and definitely this was not the right place and time . strict action should be taken against miscreants
the politicians are to blame for people to get so upset that they resort to this but if politicians dont listen then they will be voted out which is what we need to do world wide . new people are needed not tyranny government which seems every where
more the democracy , more would be the nonsense ...
low iq goons pushing the bus from both sidesand expecting it to move instead of applying pressure on one side ? kya protestor banoge re tum , aur ye farm law ko question kaar rahe hai
stay united folks , india's enemies are taking advantage of this situation , dont blame a particular religion or anything like that . this is a saddening moment , but india will bring everything to justice
when gandhigiri doesn't work , someone has to show the courage of netaji . fascism can't be always fought with peace . then no independence struggle or unjust regime would be fought with voilence . then our freedom struggle too would have been fought without violence . sometime u have to fight fire with fire .
shame on who put religious flag
if you kill democracy this is what happen . farmers still not make any damage of public they only wanted to do protest but police stopping them even it was peaceful . after all what you aspects . you media people will spend all your earned money on medical treatments which you earn from reporting false news against farmers .
now i will see what action does our supreme court n modi takes in protest u can't harm anyone any public property
wow , roads of delhi are so clean and black . did anyone else notice that ? ? ?
they & their sponsors will pay , very soon
these are not farmers n laws are not binded n compulsion to farmers it is option for farmers they can also use traditional method
now am with the govt ..
this impotent govt is responsible ... jai kisan
they not farmers ... pls shoot them
guys religion pe hate mat pheloa . we indians have to be united . yeh video dekho <url>
deep sidhu did this ... an agent of modi
they understand only shoot / site , because they think that they have more power than entire india .
when injustice becomes law , resistance becomes duty ...
it's easy to sit in your homes and comment on them . why don't you all see the reason behind their actions . they actually did the right thing .. at least they are being seen now ! i say shame on government ! for making these farmers so helpless that they had to take these steps .
public dna - zee news & zee group owner subhash chandra's accounted for 8,400 crs worth of npas of yes bank . 8,400 , - ,
isse farmers apna hi nuksan kar rahe hai govt ne peaceful protest ki permission di thi , inko sab kuch peacefully karna chahiye . itna violent nahi hona chahiye tha
we are ashamed
who the fuck gives them right to destroy public property .. where is police .. these people should be dealt with heavy hand ..
never expected tht farmers would do ths
initially i was supporting the farmers ' protest but if it gets violent , the protest loses its legitimacy ! those who were even supporting this before have now turns aginst ' em .
sent them their right place i . e , pakistan
now i can say that terror behind this protest ! ! ! you can say i'm bhkt yess i'm bhkkt
now that is not acceptable ...
now , this is worst ! ! !
are those farmers ? all are carrying weapons , danced with swords , thalwars.it is shame to say that they are farmers . govt.should stop this nonsense.should not allow their murky agitation.all those pseudo intellectuals stop talking all nonsense.red fort only national flag is hoisted .. it is a insult to whole nation and all indians .
catchhold those leaders who were claiming that it is farmers protest . now it's clear that it's not farmers andolan it is andolan of aatankwaadi , it is terrorist andolan
they even not respecting our national flag , aise log jail bejna chahiye
shameful
they pulled it out of trumps playbook only
0:17 see that yellow shirt guy how he was holding the flag . they are not showing patriot they are protecting themselves under the mercy of our flag
don't use flag as weapon
there goes their legitimacy out of the window
i support farmers indian government murdawad
fake farmers or so called farmers are taking advantage of government's patience they are just want to take fun in diverted protests if police will show you there real power then you will start shouting democracy democracy
im very happy to see this . im farmer . full support to farmers .
support farmers , repeal the farm laws and let farmers survive
ashamed of these today .
khalistani siege of indian capital
the delhi police and administration are unfit to provide security to delhi & ncr region . they are mute spectators to the wild tractor chase.it goes on to show that on any given day the unruly crowds can do anything , just about anything to demonstrate their power and administration is helpless . why was firing not ordered ? ? ? modi and amit shah should resign for failing to safeguard red fort from incursion during republic day .
aur phir ye log corona failaye
we support farmers
love you from roshanpura village najafgarh new delhi
what is the basic problem with the farmers ? ? ?
kishan power
they are not farmers . they are terrorists .
watch new vedio of news mx tv chanel they show you police how police fighting with a sikh has injury in his leg watch it
no one media shows the dead body of farmer who killed by police shot him lathicharge tear gas and too much injuries of other thing no one media shows but media shows this type of farmers to you
modi enjoying life while poor police and farmers are going to die typical indian government
be with farmers we wanna wipe out the extremist party bjp in india
i support famers .
i support farmers
its a great protest they should get their rights farmers are our back bone i am there with you i raise my good job jai jawan jai kisaan
support the farmers .. love respect prayers for all the farmers and every human being across the world who are supporting the farmers
<url> up | 50 ambedkar nation
punjab state govt already deny to accept this bill then what is the problem ... plz tell me well educated people .
gagandeep singh is the best reporter
all decent fair people of the world stand for gods blessed kisan .
we stand with farmers please keep protesting peacefully i am glad that you understood the tactics of govt n media long back .. you keep fighting for your rights but please protest peacefully
why not rss and bjp govts failed to implement swami nathan committee recommendations through out india as committed in 2014 and 2019 manifesto of lok sabha elections of 2014 and 2019 manifesto of lok sabha elections or it was a jumala
boycott jio boycott ( jio ) sim port sim into vodafone or bsnl boycott reliance products kissan k liye like
sardar are most braviest nation on earth sardars will win
from pakistan stand with sikhs brothers and sisters
victin global hunger index ( 94/107 ) ? ? ? as a such that i am work job income tax chanel subscribe kro guys barojgaro ki problem solution say related vedios apload krnay wala hu plzz gauys support
veery good farmers
modi and bjp are without a doubt the worst thing to ever happen to india . the economy has tanked . discrimination against minorities is through the roof . one protest after another . the government's response is to use their media outlets to blame pakistan . why is your economy garbage ? pakistan . why did china invade and take your land ? pakistan . why was your pilot get captured in pakistan ? pakistan
they are enemy of our country they are not farmers
kill the terrorists
shoot them
love you sikh brother
they are not farmers they are tererist . shame on then khud ko sheer bolte hai do gle aur jhute log . shame
these are anti social elements not farmers ... funded by congress party and communists , pakistan and china
we support farmers zindabad kisan morcha zindabad
waheguru maher kri sade privara te
bss waheguru mere veeera te hath rakhn
talwarein nikalna is not good ... it can cause permanent injuries n evn death ... sikh community should understand this .
this is what i have been looking for these are true farmers . jo phele aye the vo betichod sare ke sare khalistani they hai or ranhengey ghasti khalistan .
don't worry , farmers will bounce back very soon .
hatane wale kisan i think paid of bjp man revari bjp paid ... chanel to all ready bjp chanel
why media always telling farmers are " annya data " ! ! we indian people purchasing the goods by paying money and not free of cost ! ! farmers are not annya data they are purely business man ! ! farmers are just trader's ! ! today krishan ( farmers ) are not a respectable element's ! ! farmers of the country can not avoid responsibility to damage india ! ! shame india ! !
fir fir i support me please
well done , this action required everywhere in our holy country . basically farmers are not in protest . this is clear that , each & every person who is supporting and provoking this protest either he or she is leader of any group , politician , media , kisan sanghtan etc .. , the motive behind this is to be derailed growth of our country and prove globally that our government is not capable . they all are in problem because their black money shops were closed and our country is glowing in whole world due to our honest pm in each & every field . all culprits must be treat as anti-nationalist and must be punished . jai hind .
my salute to our patriotic farmers of rewari
well done kisan ji .. just wanted farmers-true citizen of india to question this to these protestors
tirange ka apman kaha hua tha . wo toh piche apni side pe tha . aur nisan sahib niche lagaya gya tha . godi midea jan bhooj ke galat trike se bta rahi hai .
spokesperson of bjb india tv
tum to pakke dalal ho gaddar chanel bale tumhe to dekhne he nhi
stupid sarpanch doesn't know this was done by their govt ... andhbhagat pta nai kb smjhege ... shame on those who think that bjp & rss didn't involved in this shameful act ...
kisan jindabad , rioters muradabad , , , respect suprem court , attend court committee , file yor reply , problems ... trust suprem court will only option to resolve ..
if someone can take off the national flag from the top of the red fort that means delhi is not save anymore
all this mess created by bjp & rss ... godi media don't spread wrong info against farmers ... indian flag was there no one removed ... first learn how to do genuine reporting
gadharo ko saja deker action lena he .. arrest such anti social culpits
well done this is democracy i salute you rewari you set example and showed these goons power of common man
baised coverage
they r not farmers ... shoot them
i hope that ndtv is not godi media
and the rest is history
farmer's tractor rally fighting for rights is national embarrassment while modis convoy consisting of expensive sedans and suv , expense for republic day parade and show casing useless weaponry is national achievement . sums up the everyday douchebaggery of antinational bjp in sodomizing india , a lower middle income country !
kisan majdoor ekta jindabad bjp rss sarkar , evm murdabad ! happy tractorrally happy republic day
fraud reporter . anti nationals .
sonal take a leave . your throat is not ok
why the youtube home icon is black on republic day , is you tube is anti indian
not only from haryana and punjabbut mam from up also
this kind of news anchor we want but shame on godi media
implementation of the bill should be centralise for the states , the state which want to implement , it can and if doesn't want then it's ok
national embarassment is bjp govt
why is yogendar yadav there . who is he . whu we have a politician commanding us m thought we decided to keep them away from our protest . he is using us to make his party big allover india . thought we decided not having politicians get in us . people are not liking this . so dear family please tell him to stay out of our business .
she is sitting on tractor makes a big difference . hang on did she said pen di tv at the end of her report
these delhi riots we won like crazy .
tank / tractor
who all support farmers today and pray for the best without any unexpected troubles ? ?
failure of modi gov
so when do the engineered riots to blame modi government , start ?
dont bring dirty old womens bring beautiful chicks
dont bring katara dirty tractors and send young boys and chicks u buddhas look stone age dirty pple , it will be seen all around world , come neat and clean
full support for farmers jai hind ...
idiots will keep on supporting uneducated religion fanatic parties unless one from their own home is taken to jails , beaten and sexually assaulted . for instance , google nodeep kaur . karma will not leave u too
what was the demand by the farmers ?
desh ki izzath duba diya yeh sab deshdrohi milke , jo kisan ke naam ke aadh me aaj bharat maa ka apmaan kiya hai , jis flag ko mai laal kile me lehraata dekhta hua aya hu aaj kuch nakaabkosh atankwaadi poore bharat ka maan samman niche giraake apne agenda wala jhanda lehraya hai , aur kaha gaye woh librandoos jo baath baath pe ajaate they media coverage me , kya hua unhe aaj , were they slept for the time being or they got blind on national interest such upon so called secular . i wish these people should punish severely those who played with the self respect of my nation , my pride , my mother , such cause no one ever dare to do those crime . i found no intent of peaceful protest , it was brutalised mindest to defame nation . parliament , supreme court and the supreme ministries should take action on it , else bache national law schools se top brains passed out hone se koi fayda nahi . supreme court has powers and should take action properly , cji should be on action , and nia should investigate upon this criminal conduct .
why govt is silent ? ? ? . why the so called farmer are not in jail
no one should watch this channel
what a disaster
let pappu return all d money for public damage every penny tikrit was promised must now b repaid with d very money what a shame dis yadav man is dis is identical to shaheen bagh riots god indians wake up open your eyes with dis evil soul call pappu raga gandhi evil truly evil guru bahadur head was beheaded to safe guard these downright weak men amari see your soul path wont b good
those protesting farmers who are land lords and money lenders own bmw , petorl bunks , posh houses hire poorest of the poor farmers from neighboring states and enjoying bloody rich life
shame on police who eats food that grown by these hardworking farmers ...
why are all india media , trying to make this a sikh separatist issue - hindu vs sikh sikhs are honest , proud people hundreds of farmers have died over these months of protest its inner anger , they have a right to escalate just as government's escalate
recover all the costs from farmer organisations and frame charges and arrest all the leaders .
are they our farmers ? or pakistanis ?
madarch * d ye police bhi misbehav k lyk he
all the farmers should b shot dead , now i don't care about humanity as the farmers don't have humanity . they are hitting the police with sticks and even swords , very very bad decision by supreme court
please request punjab govt to pay for the damages
why punjab farmers only protesting among all other states ?
shame on this channel
delhi police was knowing this would happen , but they were incapable to stop this .
biased channel
these are not farmers definitely .. blood boils looking at these scoundrels ..
where are those so called farmers leaders they should be arrested immediately .
rip republictv . why didnt you say they used tear gas . layman is suffering because of asshole
this was expected or has been let to happen . how stupid could the govt be to trust these so-called farmers ? ? but this will boomerang against the farmers for sure !
these people can't be farmers
own country farmers became traitors giving hard time to government theyre suppose to support the government at this critical moment where our soldiers are watching our borders day and night then country is facing pandemic ! whats going on in their mind selfish farmers leading lazy life
i dont agree with this violence at all but what instigated the actual violence ? is it true the police shot dead one of the protestors but they are making out he died because his tractor overturned ? is that what instigated this violence ?
can we kick them out of the country these anti indian leaving in india and take there citizenship away
no fun is planned in advance
they turn open violent on republic day mind it republic day , you can assume what are their real hidden agenda , where their real loyalties lies india or c ...
we will show our power in elections . jai kisan
black day for farmers
shame on republic tv for title farmers broke promise .. they are blocked by barricades to stop them from entering the city court given permission to enter city why then police blocks the road ? ? they create diversions and planned in a way that they can't enter into city
shame on republic tv .. be self republic from the hands of namo later you can common citizen republic.shame on . u
150 + farmers died protesting peacefully . nobody gave a fuck .. now everyone is talking about democracy .
all leaders of farmers should booked in sedation charge.becuse the innocent farmers brought from their villages and inseseteget to vandalise.onley ledars are responsible .
then what to do farmers . why government not taking back that law media people are with government not with farmers . most of media are sold
every thing was pre-planned . authorities ignored it .
hand over delhi to army with free hand .
they are terrorist attacks with the help of cm of punjab and congress vadra group they are mandi group , make rowdieam . police doing his job . mandi group and commission agents great threat to nation
central government is responsible for this
shameful channel
farmers were lathicharged . they were protesting from 2months . this is godi channel . shameful republic
these people who are creating such problems can never be indians.they are anti nationals and those supporting such people can never be true indians indians should respect the indian flag .
arrest immediately all khalistani , comunist and urban naksali anti national peoples rakesh tikait and yogendra yadav
this was bound to happen , as lots of foreign money has been put on it . please , govt . should stop them immediately ...
india and laughing stock
thank you gutless fearful supreme court
its all fault of supreme court , court shud have seen this coming ahud have stopped protest on r day
thank god , kissan bhai apna asli power nahi dikaye , nahi pura hi katam kardethehai , proud of this kisan bhai , keep protesting and all muslims brothers are with you , the world is with you , time to de throne this govt once and for all , iske baad shaaheen bhag 2.0 aayega , jai kisan jai islam jai samvidhan
no farmers are in this protest , these all's are khalis atankwadi
" this war we won like crazy "
phle republic day par terrorist activities ka dar hot at tha . now see what's happening creating a nuisance
this is not violence ... this is fighters vs godi midia and bulshit govnt
this should not have happened today ... its really sad to see how they started violence ... are they real farmers ? ? ?
central govt . completely failed in solving the issues ... why so much interest on these bills as farmers are opposing
you media playing with the government
show realities ...
it was expected ! ! ! no surprises ! ! !
they are not behaving like farmers they are behaving like goons
full nautanki by so called kissan
no one can see any poor farmer in protest
recover damages to public property and cost of security deployment from yogendra yadav and naresh tikait .
govt should accept farmers demand , govt ki shantayi nahi chalegi . govt is for people not other way around .
khalistani r involved in rally . center govt should take strict action .
to all those are saying that the rally promise was broken by farmers .. these people of republic media are not showing what the police personal first did to them two farmers killed because of tear gas shelling upon them ... so please dont see this fake news see the real news channels
the govt should resign .. this is their failure . just pleasing business tycoons and not listening to poor farmers
farmers break truth because these people are not farmers see they carry big long swords , big thick long rods , big big stones they even changed the route . they are threatening to police also . they promised peaceful tractor rally .
republic always gives fake news for trp , stop watching this channel . remove it from your channel package .
spam or misleading
please report this channel
these are traitors of the country not formers . formers won't behave this way .
thooo on these farmers . thoo . saalo bijli free , paani free , tax maaf aur ab ye karoge . chal bhaag . farm laws to implement honge hi .
it was delhi police and govt to give permission for rally and not to control the gundas .
this was bound to happen , very well planned and govt has been fooled . why kejriwal & rahul gandhi missing now
these are definitely not farmers , they are hooligans
this is modi " s inability
to be support famers not corporates
ashamed of them would no more respect kisan . seriously shame on them
down with modi modevil and balatkaari jhutaa party ! ! long live farmers who feed the nation
26 january aane du jio ke tower toda the na jisko apna tractor se pyar hai please
pahle hi pata tha supreme court kiska hai ...
26 january ko tractor really hona hi hona hai kisan union ekta zindabad
court bhi police ke piche chup raha h
pehle to cbi tota tha ab to supreme court bandar ban gaya hai
need lovely
supreme court bhi bik gayaa delhi police konsa chalta hai central govt seedha boldete
tumhare wire , tyre , qint , squirt squirrel , sqint balon jase urban naxelite are promoting and helping them to die .
bjp activist deep sindhu is responsible for this ...
this fellow came from australia to protest farm law
he was not be a kisan bro .
people i have a question why police is stopping them ? ? ? its their right . shameful to all indians and president who let this happen . somebody died here b / c of police .
chal jhutha ...
don't cover the reality ... the quint , show the pic of the dead ... he has mark of gunshot
he was shot dead ... actually
if you do shunt . it's natural death is guaranteed .
this is due to the godi media which created this mindset of people
bhai point deta hun agriculture state list main hai union list main nahi in 2006 government of bihar passed the similar bill to scrap apmc which was unsuccessful and today bihar agriculture growth is at very low rate . centre government told in the three farm laws in farmers ( empowerment and protection ) act chapter 2 part 7 sub part ( 2 ) they said that there will be no limitation on storage will be applicable which will act as a other way of black hoarding . another fear of farmers is chapter 3 part 14 where they gave power only to sdm and farmers are well aware about pepsi potato case so they are against it other point is chapter 4 part 19 they restrained the entrance of civil court chapter 2 part 10 sub part 1 aggregator ka role same hai jaise middlemen ka to yeh log jo bol rahe hain ki middlemen aur dalaal protest kr rahe hain wo galt hai
one thing in the video recorded at that time had a sound which make it suspicious that maybe the man really got hit by bullet or the police slided hooks under the tire
he is killed by police firring
shame on you
as much as i hate quint , i think the reporter handled it well when some bystander said " goli mari " .
dear quint - why did the tractor topple ? coz he tried attacking police barricade . how peaceful isn't it !
the farmers nearby said he was shot . cctv footage nearby was taken by police and still no response . farmers didnt let ambulance take body out of fear they would change his death report . india is not a democratic country its become communism .
english kum bolo
we proud to be a farmer
so quint is saying about " peaceful protest " .
yhi farmers k bache dusre countries me jaaky yhi country ko kuch smjty hi nai hh farmers sirf punjab me hi nsi hh tamil nadu me bhi protest chlra tha usko report kro jaaky ... aur logo ko yh baat ssmjani chaiye ki bill ek insaan ne nahi bnaya hh aur one night decision nai tha ... not said anything abut the militry persons jinpy yh ruthless driving krry thy ...
why was he tryin to over speed and thrashing the barricade he died bcoz of his mistake
he is not a farmer he is khalistani
he got shot in the head ! it was not because of accident .
well beyond the permissible route ...
no goli ... it was accident it was not bullet firing .. thanks to cctv footage ..
anthony turned over .. not turned around ur catholic n u are grammatically pathetic n should go back to proper school
karma hits back .
he had been killed because he crashed the tractor to police fence and his tractor skipped . he has been killed by himself no sympathy for him . he was trying to kill police with tractor ?
his name is navreet . he hails from rampur in up . my flatmate who also hails from rampur knew him . my condolences to his family .
fake quint ... people know what happened ... the video is already viral
shaheed ? ? ? since when did we start calling hooligans shaheed ? ? ?
godi media will never show this and those farmers who died before that
red fort kab say bjp head quarter ban gaya
his name is kisan ... he has nt died ... he is called ... shaheed
* journalism is not everyone's cup of tea *
this stupid barricades by modi ... he is the citizen of our country ... who the hell is blocking citizens with barricades ... spineless modishah
when emotions beat logic and rational thinking . society becomes bad .
he was shot by police
he forgot it's is tractor with worst 4 wheeler balance vehicle not a tank
his name is navreet , he was my best friend's husband , so sad .. so bloody sad
hit something ? ? the channel is as dumb as its journalists . he broke law but that won't sell your news , isnt it ?
it's sad that he couldn't hit some police hard ... i would love to see the police being massacre d enough of brutality on normal ppl
i don't think india got freedom . before it was under british rule not it is under nazi rule
this is the land of farmer's not bjp
protest is right but be safe yourself and others . this is very sad news
according to quint it was soo peaceful protest
how many innocent farmers will you kill bloody government ? ? ? rest in peace
one of the hooligans who was driving tractor like a meniac to show strength . he met his fate n fools calling him shahid . n these rowdies with batons n rods r poor oppressed farmers of the country . 26th jan is an eye opener for the country who these ppl really are ! ! !
what liars you are ... shame on you one day karma will hit your familys
rip bro
not killed , accident due to reckless driving grow up quint
police fired this farmer and then tractor was unbalanced .
thw farmer was shot by the police in the face with teargas .. this incompetent reporter is spreading fake news .
reckless driving killed the farmer and they blame govt and police for that .. what about the farmers tried to run tractors over the cops .. bloody biased quint
why is he trying to become superman . i have seen the video .
oh ! so he died because of an accident , and not police firing ? seems tough , this time to spin the narrative , that it was police that killed farmers !
he died with his own mistake
i think it's an accident due to rash driving
instead of rushing him to the hospital these so called " farmers " are busy attracting media attention and sympathy ...
they had said that it would be peace rally but they took violence in hand.shoot them at site the way the acted its tolerable
god bless our farmers and our fruitful land
r . i . p for everyone who died in this protest
it's completely his fault .
what about seriously injured 26 police officers .
he is not worried about someone will harm him , but upset because one more person died for this struggle
fake media , manipulating the story
... my support and respect to the greatest nation of people on this earth ... the beautiful , descent , kind , intelligent , loving and giving people .. the sikhs .. im a white englush man but i would fight and dis along side them ... you've really got to be someone special to be a sikh ... especially in this world , with its dark , cruel and evil ways ... god bless you all ... and may your gods watch over and protect you ... and always answer your call ..
they just cleared thier ways not damaged anything bitches
we tamils support sikhs and all farmers protesting there ! to all those commenting the at these aren't farmers and they are disrespecting the " indian " flag , tell me an instance where the central government treated us indians ! when our ( tamil ) farmers protested there - they were indifferent . when our fishermen were fired , they still called sri lanka , a friendly nation . now when sikhs as you say are disrespecting the indian flag , i find no offence when you feel that they shouldn't have did it , why the hell didn't the indian government take efforts to look into their demands ? ? ? rip hindutva
fake news
senseless mob ! ! read the documents before protesting against a government . the government and you had discussed more than 10 times and the government is assured to msp , besides the law is suspended for 18 months and kindly let me know why are you protesting again ? what's the intention ? . infamous thinking , everything is gonna be infamous and assaulting public property and affecting common people's day to day life are really atrocious .
love from pakistan farmers are right .. and we are with you punjab .. we will fuck both modi sarkar
as a ex army officer . i would like to compliment the police forces involved in this shameful affair . i salute your perseverance , patience and dedication to duty ... ... it was sheer discipline and leadership that you did not open fire . i compliment the men and officers of the police force . i compliment the governments masterstroke in allowing these mobs to vandalize the city . this brazen display of crude hooliganism in media glare has ensured that this movement is over . i also invite the so called better trained police of the west in wake of the death of george floyd to view the restraint of indian police in much more challenging situations . salute to all those policemen .
farmers are no more trustworthy ...
well , seeing the sentiment of people turning more against farmers in the comment section it s more evident that govt itself have instigated this violence or have sent their people to do these violence or bhakts and it gang are doing their job sincerely ...
very shame full act commited by them . more than govt they themselves are responsible for their plight .
not real farmers of india . fake
bjp aur rss seigh the whole nation , nation media , country in name of various jumala like vikash hindutva ram mandir ram rajya good governance aachay din not only this 2 carore jobs per years and 15 lackh for kaal dhan .
insane . these people are idiots . on the republic day they disrespected the flag . what can be more shameful ? threw police from red fort . police men are our people . not enemy . shame shame shame
pls don't call it farmer violence . these are not farmers by any means
i will justify it because we were the once who also fought like this during independence of india , so freedom comes always with struggle ! !
can't wait anymore we waited 63 days and negotiated . nothing wrong the farmers have done .. if government doesn't listen , make him hear .. if ambani adanis government have sorted out this before .. there was nothing to take on streets of delhi .. #jaikisan
hindustan times a question to you : why did you use the word ' siege ' ? please explain .
yaah media u r right its vilonce where were u all godi media when they are sitting on delhi border from 2 months more then 70 + kisan had died no one has been reported that and not a single tweet has given by our pm but the violence happen yesterday was not right don't blame farmers or police the main people are politicians and media who had scrud up countries development , dignity , unity
i recently get to know that apart from indian flag different states have their own flag . and it was very awkward to know that . my state don't have a separate flag , or may be it never boasted so that not everyone know about it .
i am now regrating to see this kind of news , because it's making me very sad ( literally i am crying on republic day )
this is a false narrative
this is what will happen if we elect a tea master as president .
police or government must obey high court decision , they gave permission to rally but fucking modi and amitshaw why did you block the road with vechiles ? ? ? barriercades ? ? today you can block the internet everybody have vedio evident it will reveal the truth soon ...
if modi had discussed this laws with farmer before forcing it on us . it could never happened
" damaged buses " but they never say that those buses were placed horizontal to be used as barricades . " farmers vandalism " but they never say about the police brutality . godi media is just bunch of half baked stories to manipulate the masses
earth shakes when the crores farmer gathers . when a big tree falls , the earth shakes : rajiv gandhi justified 1984 anti-sikh riots <url>
no farmers these . isis and taliban running wild . god save india
just these 2 states especially rulling gov on that states makes these guys do like this ... this is not good ... just shoot them who over throw the law ... they don't be fit to be a human
they r not farmers they r unemployed youth of punjab and worst thing is punjab govt has done absolutely nothing to address the issue of unemployed in their state . amrinder singh just keeps on crying on media channel that his govt don't have money and punjab youth is unemployed
the person was shot dead by the police not by tractor
you can't test once patience for such a long time . you can't consider all parts of india have same patience capabilities . if it were tamilians the story would be different from day 3 itself . you people simply ignore their protest and highly executes mischievous plan by govt . side . my doubts 1 . who gave the permission to rally , as govt . trying from day 1 that the groups includes anti social elements 2 . how come your traffic rules on rally known to each farmers 3 . when govt . is so innocent , why would they deploy huge police force and arms to control ( they knew it before then ) when they give rally permission 4 . why uk pm john borrison not visited to celebrations quoting covid to escape . as they alert from their security personnel 5 . what finally the rally achieved apart from hosting a flag , blaming themselves as anti social elements and crediting to govt . 6 . did they killed anyone ( police / people ) , on the streets to red fort 7 . if this was done by bjp at ayodhya , sc gave a clean chit disposing off the case as there is no substantive evidence to prove . did these farmers destroyed any historical monuments of unity as they were anti national elements . my expectations to take place in next few days 1 . threatening to file cases based on their footage and harassing individually to vacate the place . 2 . arrest the union leaders and suppress the protest by lack of leadership 3 . getting the fame that govt . lost during the protest . finally ... these kind of incidents are new to farmers but not bjp led india govt . as they came into existence in political by riots . i'm an indian and proud to be . i love my constitution.im an hindu and proud to be until my last breath this is only an analysis not to de frame any persons or institutions . police are scapegoats in order to get sympathy to govt and blame protest .
why is this happening ? no more being civilised ?
modi earned shame for india
no farmers no food
no farmers no food
no farmers no food
no farmers no food
police shoot the one farmer ... shame delhi police
these sikhs let our country down , these really too much ,
named to tis pakistan times instead hindustan times
the farmers have lost their trump card now :(
they are not formers
this is not farmers protest but an organized crime . farmers don't do this and don't have to do whatever these people did here in delhi on republic day to get what they really want to get . ofcourse we wil get to the roots of this violance . farmer leaders cannot wash their hands as the anti nationals are within them i think .
fucking congress
farmer unions themselves saying the protestors are not farmers and anti social elements . govt should weed out them now
its extremely sad to see this hope government will teach them lesson
nice background music
we support farmers and yes it was good idea to show your strength and should have burnt down red fort - - - built by blood slavery and evil
what ever modi do for the country oppose it . this is main motto of opposition
well planned by delhi ploice ... ploice take late actions why ? ? ?
who made them violent ? ? who made them to sleep in roads ? ? #with farmers
why godi govt not appeal these law
nice joke bus on road side godi media zamir bech deya hai keya .. vo vi dekho jo police k gunde pakade the kal protest m jo bus k mirror thord rahe the
script straight out of a movie ... now govt will easily dissolve farmers protest ... these things are cliches even in movies nowadays .
be united farmers , without you there is no food ... center isn't realising , they are heartless ...
lol people who still believe they r farmers r nothing but idiots and pappu followers
i support farming these pictures cnt give judgement to whole protest tum 2crore se zuyada kisan ko bura nhi bol sakte
they r not protestors they r farmers . they r our pride .
we can see the difference how tamil nadu farmers peacefully protected in delhi for 3 months vs punjab business goons leading violently .
pakistan should help us just like india helped bengladeshies in 1971 .
india the union is on a self destruct path under bjp rss . future looks bleak .
capitol hill - ctrl + c red fort - ctrl + v
ab to hatenge pichhe kaand jo hagaya ab .. very bad . they even throw indian flags . shame yaar ..
such a shame .
i had a huge sympathy towards them but now it's completely nullified . shame on them ... behaving like this & especially on republic day such a shame .
kisano ko ab andolan smaamth kar deyna chahiye . trust on pm modi , he will lead the nation to high .
nothing can stop the movement of freedom
isi is involved ...
love them from pakistan
violence cant be justified . i condemned police too when they did lathicharge in the starting of january and i will condemn this act of terrorism as well . use your brain , we indians cant justify violence , aise toh kl kuch log protest krne lgenge ki 370 wapis laaoo . this is wrong !
if you condemn trumps supporters capturing capitol hill then you should also condemn these who is at red fort where an elected prime minister stands and addresses the nation .
* landowners oligarchy ? * the masses of unwealthly people are watching . land redistributed seems to be a necessity - especially when there are immigrants or foreigner who are more deserving .
these are anti social elements not farmers ... funded by congress party and communists , pakistan and china ... real poor farmers are happy with farm laws
why we do not need goverment ? ? ? there are not goverments in this world without goverment slave servent ( army , police , others ... ) they make human as slave for satan's money ... god give you free food , water , air but satan ban everything from god with the suport of satan's goverment system and they give you education for , work that work give you paper money , if you have money then you can buy food this is a satan's way of life please try to undestand what is life ... if you work for satan's money then can you live honestly ? ? ? god give you free air , free water , free foods then who control that ? ? ? & why they control please realize everything ... if you like to live as a fool and slave then you need work . money , politic , goverment system everything ... goverment how to control land ? ? ? land for every one , we want to live peacefuly with the god's nature life ... if you get free foods , free water , free air then you never go for slave work ... all medicines are fake all educations are only for make money not for knowledge ... please realize the life every human born in this world for live peacefuly ... human knowledge is only the experience of the past , tomorrow is only in the hands of the lord ... there is no life without realizing what life is ! worship is something without knowing who & where the lord is ! live with conscience , truth and honesty and feel the lord ... belive and realize god inside your mind then you will be understood everything !
terrorists in face of farmers
bjp news .. not abp
u have nvr guts to ask question to your honor ( gov )
sould be 100 times more dislike to this modi media channel
you guys r just pupet of gov nothing else ... kathni r karni me fark h abp news ...
less news more self appreciation advertisement
boyycott this chanel's
its bjp news
bikaar news channel ye channel sirf logo ko bhatkane rakhe
delhi police backed out from it's own approval
kabhie toh sach dikhaaya karo ... its totally different ground reality ... so disappointed with u abp ... shame on you
i hate abp news
plss unfollow this channel
boycott this channel ...
boycott this channel
56 inch matlab geedar
action
one who using national flag for fun and another are dying for national flag pride .
bicholiye , middlemen , dalalo aur khalistaliyon ki saari harkat hai ye ab jo jo bol rahe tthe sab tamasha dekh rahe hain , ghar baith ke . pata tha un sab ko and government should take strict action
haha who care police or bjp only kisan
why police wasting money for these people's rally just stop do not allow
why police wants to allow tractor rally protest should be done without any equipment after some time bus rally will come and whole delhi will be block all this is funny kisan is protesting let them sit one place why tractor rally
haha ... kutto salon nu ... they are fake kissans ... but we know modis thinking starts when our thinking stops ... just keep on watching ...
my brain cells just got dead after reading all these comments
is any written agreement is carried out with frmers leaders in black and white it is most important they all should take responsibility and if anything goes wrong than all leaders have to face judiciary action under uapa only .
best way is to shoot all the tractor tyres sevaral times they can't move any where .
worst idea for tractor rally on 26 th january . do you think these farmers on the protesters trustworthy . they just want to show that they bringing the government on their knees .
may to ek baath samach nahi pata ? ? ? ! ! ! agar jab police ko information hai ki 308 tractor pakistan se ata hai ies tractor rally ke liye to kyon ies tractor rally ko turant band kar wado ! ! ! aur permission nahi do ? ? ? ! ! ! kyon delhi police apne ko khatrein mein daalna chhate hai ? ? ? ! ! ! kyon wo aisa karna chhata hai ? ? ? ye to mere samach ki bahar hai ? ? ? aap logon ko kya lagta hai ? ? ?
even if kisans promise peaceful rally , it is not a good idea to let them participate in january 26 celebration ! most farmers may be okay but it takes only a few to spoil the celebration .
kunda gardi banda hona chahiyea .. appna power use karea ... dill police
original kissan will never , play with , republic day . some day these people will , start train rally , then they will start bom rally . these people are , above , govt of india , supreme court of india , and constitution of india .
thanks delhi police
don't give permission to unknown kissan for tractor , rally , what will be the outcome from this ? these people are , playing with national pride . shame on this type of activity .
once government passed the all three bills in the both house with thumbing majority . what is sense now you allowing tractor rally in inside the delhi ? it will be better to take back all three bills . if it is wrong happens in delhi , i think , it wiil be sole responsibility of bjp government and modi .
these want to create disturbance ...
any damage or destruction will make organizers responsible . legal punishment must be severe to act as future deterrence . democracy gives you right to voice and protest without obstruction and destruction . rights of every citizen and their livelihood is paramount . if rights of protesters override that of citizens , then why protesters deserve voting rights ? punishment should include 10 years suspension of voting rights for those who abuse democracy . no more free ride in name of democracy .
stop giving diesel to these tractors
sir we farmars vote modi so we have right to aske qusiton and tell modi saleusion ouer problems.ok
wt is this shit , ? why u bring political people for decision , bring general public who belongs to delhi and eat food everyday grown by farmers
two speakers are allowed to speak in the same time we cannot heard what are speaking by dpeakers ' . so i shifted to other vedio
make modi and sha fearful when they make laws . it is for people not for some cos loot from farmers and make them grow like dinosaurs thus bjp can get huge money from them and grow their parties too . literally they are clean to public . pm care fund . lol . more to come . crush the power ! go on farmers ...
all should work towards betterment of whole indian farmer .
you wanted orop , got it . msp got it . with all these money you purchase agri lands in australia , canada , usa , uk became rich . still you fleece indian tax payers money when real and poor farmers are languishing in the hands of middlemen . congress ! you talk of 60 farmers moterdom . when 1000s of tamil fishermen shot down by srilankan govt , you , boparaji you and your congress never spoke a word . you the congress , creating one more bindramvala .
the congress spokesperson has clearly said and ask the govt what threat do exservicemen can create
congress is creating another bhinderwala situation . they have not learnt from history . modi virodh is turning into shaking hand with bharat haters .
the committee members are not farmers . they are economists scientists etc who support the tycoons entering the agriculture market with money and technology . now the farmers are depending on fertiliser pesticides . when modern technology comes agriculturists will have to depend for genetically modified seeds also . they have to buy at price fixed by these companies . modern machinaries will come which the small farmer cannot afford . they have to sell their lands and become menial workers in the city losing their divinity . and we consumers have to eat all dangerous grains which will affect our health . thecpharma companies hospitals and stick market will be happy .
this vikram singh . bjp punjabi is a killer of punjabhi sentiment . how much bjp has bought him .. for ... these ki dofstate leaders in all states have been bought by bjp
wish them all support and success ! ! !
it is an opportunity to see whether these guys respect the national independent day . it will show what is in their mind .
when the whole world is struggling to save the lives of the people from pandemic corona these reckless protestors indulge in tractor protest paralysing the economy . hope better sense will prevail on them soon
salute to their bravery ! !
salute to farmer's of india .
please don't call these people as farmers because they are hooligans from congress party .
vexed with north indian politics . always giving trouble .
fucking channel name is quint hindi ... but the reporter screaming in english ... oh my god
australian farmer ...
quint hindi name rakkha he to hindi me bol na
too much alcohol and drugs
silent protests gives you heart & loves , violent protests gives haters only ! !
these are anti social elements not farmers ... funded by congress party and communists , pakistan and china ... real poor farmers are happy with farm laws
why you guys spreading wrong information
these nonsense people deserve this accident ... they are too much ... they are not farmers ... they are gangster ... shoot them .. mc
its murder he was shot in the head by delhi police
quint hindi ? really ?
god bless him
i seen back video clips , they people didn't drive properly , , , like this dhoom ...
hmesha gadri paltti thi ab tractor hi paltt gya
may god place him paradise for rest his life
modi chor hi modi responsible for this
it wasnt the farmers it was ppl who were dressed up like them . the farmers were doing a peaceful protest .
farming income is 0 % taxed . rich farmers ( politicaians ) like supriya sule don't pay tax . it is the salaried people who pay most taxes . salaried people should actually protest for the destroy of public property .
bjp should listen to the farmers .
after this incident i never support this aandolan ... never
the person who put that flag is an bjp person .. who is actively participated yo help bjp candidates sunny deol .. also he taken a photo with modi
traitors need to be jailed
supporting farmers from ukiouin
no farmer means no food plese spoort us ... plese
thank you tripati for showing the actual report
now their actual image came in light ... from first day the khalistani supporter take over this andolan and funding are coming from canada by the khalistanis ... because in real the farmers bill are in support of farmers why should they oppose this .. but the some people who hates modi and the khalistanis who take over the andolan ... only few kisans ( farmers ) are their in this andolan ... govt should take such strict actions against the revolutionarys for our future safe and happy
they intentionally did it because right now india is earning a good name around the world because of covid vaccine .. these so called farmers wanted something to defame india . govt . must take strict action
why did they replace tricolour ? why these people are demanding that farmers should not be given freedom to sell their products as per their wish ?
central government should listen to common peoples words
farmers should be given their rights to protest
abe pehle apni matrubhasha sikh le , sorry hindi aati nahi na , i was telling first learn how to pronounce " gantantra " .
congress , opposition parties , pakistan and china funded gangs doing this
you all are making money by saying lies.very good you shameless media .
so many elements of clear intensional pre-hand planning , this was expected .
update your knowledge and tell truth
when u participate in a protest you need to take responsibility of what happens . you can't just say it was not our people or they were anti social elements , they may not be your people but it's cause was ur protest in the first place .
delhi police is puppet of modi government and capture to delhi police rather farmers is protest to silently
fudu jo farmers de against bolda
modi please repeal the laws ... i understand thier frustration
not supporting farmer anyone
peaceful protests are ok .. but why every one are holding canes and swords in their hands , destroying public property , disturbing delhi residents mental peace , hoisting khalistani flags on red fort ? .. you are not farmers , you are disgraceful citizens of india , making our country look bad ...
shameful act to break the decided protocol
don't blame them , blame the modi goverment . longlive farmer
don't say farmers , it is protest of redical element who hate india
its shameful for real farmers like us .
government is not revoking the law because it is made for millionaires and billionaires not for the farmers
sec 144 and shoot at sight
same as capital hill riots shameful
it proved to be a wrong decision ... now its impossible for delhi police to tackle this situation ..
republic always gives fake news for trp , stop watching this channel . remove it from your channel package .
feku and his agriculture minister shall take this responsibility ...
these are mostly jihadis , not farmers . they openly hate our country . farmers bill will cut the middle man give power to the farmers as it must be . this bill is 50 years too late .
these fake people shouldnt be allowed to disrupt our republic day celebrations
shame on " so called " protester
govt must be equipped to puncture tyres of tractors to immobilise them if they try to do any nonsense
dear delhi police : sub : dont worry what the heck international countries think about the action you take to protect republic day . do not tolerate even one small incident to happen . if it happens then have your aim at the fake leaders & flatten them within a minute . dont wait modis or shahs permission - just keep your aim every step of there way and remove the terrorists-criminal anti-hindustanis out of planet worth-in less than few minutes . do not worry or care criminal foreign countries who dont want india to progress like-pakistan & china jai hind
26 th jan is republic day not protest day any attempt to disturb is the work of antinational minded people we strongly condemn it govt must be take strong action against such culprits
dear police : i request as a hindumathas son . i demand you police must and should protect hindumathas respect . 2 : you must be fully equipped to have armed directed drones against criminal terrorists leaders and - be ready to teach these sickly sick leaders , without any second thought . finish the job - jai hind
if something bad happens , supreme court has to take the responsibility
lets withdraw police from delhi , as delhi cm invited fake farmers , to create trouble . when head of state want to create trouble why police should sacrifice their life .
register all the tractors with maximum two people on each tractor . register their aadhar numbers with the tractors with otp / fingerprints verification . then allow them with multiple drones surveillance so that they have a fear of getting caught , if they try for some misadventures .
worst thing could be happened in tractor rally if some terror group who run over their tractors to innocent walkers , tractors could be used as suicide mobile arms as used on european road in past killing hundreds . how to stop it if situation arises ? ? ? be prepare to managed to stop tractor engine in case of intensional worst thing could be happened in tractor rally if some terror group who run over their tractors to innocent walkers , tractors could be used as suicide mobile arms as used on european road in past killing hundreds . how to stop it if situation arises ? ? ? be prepare to manage to stop tractor engine in case of intensional suicide tractors run over attack for killing suicide tractors run over attack for killing
didnt you miserably fail during trumps visit ? now again on republic day ? the reporters are anxious , and thats justified .
we are fools it's like a joke why u prepare on particular national event then ur not honest , brave of the administration i feel everything is fake joined hands with antielements to disturb our nation
fail proof security ... they failed to adhere to so many requests.what guarantee is there that they will abide this time ? jai hind
hope you're right sir . these farmers could have done this tractor rally on another day . why disrupt the independence day ? ?
that is ridiculous
learn from your mistakes shaheen baag 2 , govt should be firm and should take hard stand , 80 % with you kick their ass .
in solidarity and standing for the nation , we have done boycott to bollywood , we probably need to boycott produces from these areas . indians can not be held for ransom . it's not fair on all the other sectors of our great country . jai hind .
why are we not concerned about the khalistani extremist ? why are we letting these trouble makers take away the joy of republic day ? get ready for another extremist group to do the same for the next year . prevention is better than cure , and we are working towards the cure . it is disappointing . jai hind .
lets the army come for security
delhi police should ask for additional force from nearby states to ensure theyve enough force to contain unruly crowd !
well big things is gping to happen .
if they can mastermind that bogus plan of delhi police giving a contract to kill select few farmers on republic day parade is nothing but a signal that theyre up to something and / or theyre trying to have a back up plot if something goes wrong and so they can put the blame on delhi police . the police should be vigilant and have option a , b , c contingencies ready to deal with such large scale protest .
delhi police is aware of intelligence inputs , is aware of anti - national elements infiltrating in the rally , is aware of pakistan involvement , is aware of canadian involvement , , is aware they want conflict ... what else do we need to know about the motive ? wait till they infiltrate the capital & bomb a few buildings ? ? ? wow , here everybody seems like a professional .
good ... bloody use tax payers money in satisfying these morons fancies as if enough is not being spent on subsidies
its great decission by delhi police to give peaceful way for kisan peace march
we have confidence in delhi police force
police has great safety with airforce at hand to keep checking
wowwww , lk at those bikes ! ! ! arrey , kaun se kheti se ye sab mehngey bikes aur brand new tractor s ugtey hain ? ? ?
delhi police chief , who ever is talking , is full of horse-feathers . i do not believe this will end well .
army should be on stand by and all these so called leaders should be booked under nsa .
delhi police you are a constant failure , you are talking too theoretical . you do not learn from your mistakes .
agadaam goswami and banana republic channel links with pakistani spy agency isi unearthed . india wants the justice , hang the deshdrohi gadar . jai hind .
they are planning something big . cant trust delhi police with security
dilli walas are not comfortable at all with this action
no they are not farmers
the police has to give the direction if the law is disobeyed
i don't think police can handle this situation , the para military force has to be deployed .
i pray that no on toward incident happens in this so-called farmers rally .
after thorough study , it's the aadhtis , because their goondagardi will be over if new farm laws are implemented .. government should not bow down in front of them and implement the three farm bills like it scrapped article 370 in j & k
why they have choose 26th later or before , here is their intention to put our country down internationally
what if these people hit police personnels while driving then what contingency plan police is having
i have noticed that lot of tractors are brand new . i am sure some one is financing them . govt should look into this aspect also . these people are definitely not farmers
should not allow these mafias to take the route of freedom
it is indian trend we will never learn from past but invest your time on scape goat . delhi police this govt has failed and is now expecting miracles from you . best of luck .
kya bewakoofi ? trapped by khalistanis ?
fake farmers be given solid lathi beatings on 26th by police in accordance with law . they will forget their tractor and run away blockheads .
by approving the rally , police poured cold water on their plans . they were looking to create anarchy if police rejected their demand .
the amount of money that is being spent by the poor farmer's of our country , if only half of this amount was given to the needy farmer's the number of suicides would not be a topic for discussion
delhi police got scared by sikhs ! ! ! that is true ! ! ! so polite now ! ! !
they are not kisaans no more . they are acting like goons . their way or highway . they have lack of respect and lack of intelligence towards constitution .
the goi needs to allow the " fake farmers " rally to expose themselves on the republic day of india so that they can be apprehended
such a worst decision . whether amit shah , also prefer hindu extrodus ? . these khalistani will remove another hindu colony . be ready to see the another extroy
how is guaranteeing the unlimited liabilities cover ...
what about how many hours of rally .
what you mean by kuch kilo mothers , you don't even have distance guarantee , who you trying to kid ...
asking for trouble ... something big is going to happen .. i don't believe the gang one bit ...
has farmer have unlimited liability insurance to cover disturbance , people life , houses , loss of business , extra policing cost , cover and cash diposit of 10 karod rs for emergency at police station prior to get rally started .
the govt is unnecessarily inviting security problem by allowing them tractor march in the capital . the police department seems to befool it by accepting their illegal demand .
yes we love farmers amaravathi farmers ?
shut down currupt channels like republic tv
where are 62 crores are coming to spend on tractor rally ? how many tractors will be there ? if they going 100km . how much petrol they will need ?
why not showing your boss whatsapp chat ? ? ? chutiya channel
iss anchor par thookta hai bharat .
our national festivals must be respected by hearts.by all of us.jai hind.vandemaataram .
agar sachhe bharatiy hote toh to 26 january ka samman rakhte - chahe koi bhi baat ho . ab toh yeh clear hain ki yeh log anti-national activities mein he interested hain .
good tactics
narco test on agadaam goswami for proving his claimed loyalty patriotism ?
this is worst demonstracy
security safety peace and discipline
india govt take action against protests and criminal , gangster , vustacher congress party leader
a terrible mistake and sets a bad precedent for every national event.this is a disgusting show of weakness facing disruptive politics . now any large enough outfit can start holding dharnas , fasts , effigy burning and shout fest denouncing india and world will be watching what is wrong with india than what is her pride on display . instead of keeping strictly national events above all politics and agitations when all must come together to showcase indias achievements , with one stroke of pen a mindless policeman has paved the way to smear india before all the world on her republics day . it will make sense atleast if their call for bharat bandh brought to a screeching halt a vast country . now that flop takes a short cut to represent a segment of india and this cop helps with that politics of agit prop on a day that must be above such politics of grievances but joy and pride .
we support farmers
since 60 days they are sitting in boarder peacefully , no action taken , finally ... violence is not encouraging
this is why india is a banana republic
thanksand thanks isi
they r not farmers shoot them
no government in this world can stand before the power of punjabis . salute from south india
today is our great republic day but on the name of farmers terrorists made it black day . strict action needed on the responsible persons , they should not dare to play with our tiranga . my tiranga .
laaton ke bhoot baton se nahi mante iam not against bjp government but i will always support farmers weather it is violet or peacefull .. jai jawan jai kishan
this is not a farmers protest.our farmers are not so rich ... these are political caders ...
standing with farmers india
bjp ne karwaya ye . parade route par march peacefully hua . delhi central mei ye bjp ne karwaya ...
besharm media abp news
free electric free medical travel education etc only for netas and babus
is red fort only for netas
if you keep oppressing sikhs , we will have no option but to fight for separation and creating our own homeland . you have been warned . khalistan jindabad
bjp ne karwaya ye . parade route par march peacefully hua . delhi central mei ye bjp ne karwaya ...
capitol hill riots = farmers protest
2 month hogye hain , meeting pe meeting gussa ta ayega hi , police violence kr rhi aa farmers nhi
people like rahul gandhi , yogendra yadav and other so called kissan leaders have to be taken to task and held responsible for the violence . also rajnath singh ji should be made the home minister again . sad that these protesters hoisted a different flag on the ramparts of red fort on a republic day . strong action is required . i would like to add that the protests should have not been allowed in the first place . will the court too take responsibility ! ! this has been done just to demean the modi government .
terrorists in face of farmers
, everywhere ...   .. want to leave this country permanently ... @ @
all of terrorists no one treu kisan ... jai hind
fake abp news
ye log farmers ? worst fellows
tractor rally
delhi ke seene pe chal rahe hai sare tractor ... they are farmer ? ? ?
modi supporter = andh bhakt hai to antino myno supporter = randh bhakt hai
its going to become a history
6 lakh a tractor
chamcho our jihadi ka channel bikini gang and bikini sena of sonia gandhi ...
happy republic day
4 lack tractor aya ge aaj mera gow se 160 tractor aya h
sir please help me
sir please help me
happy republic day
who agrees that the peasant movement will be taught to the next generation
they accuse the farmers as anti nationals as khalistani i wouldn't be suprise of this mindset that says all this farmers in india are jealous of ex chaiwala who first become namo har har ghar ghar then become chief feku of the country , who wear lakhs and crores of money of clothes ha ha
this very same people who follows and voted , bring this cult leader feku to power blindly and with studpity also with help of godi media , doesn't realize this cult leader and his gang of criminals don't even know them or this followers by name or even can recognize them by their faces , sadly this fools decide to follow one face and with choice hand over the country to hateful madman as a dictator . the damage fake godi media also had done promoting fake news hatred and lies one cannot reconcile or imagine .
, , , happy republic day
bjp chor hai mcd chor hai modi chor hai amit shah chor gunda mawali hai chronology samjhiye
5 lakha tractor 1 tractor 3 admi allowed hai
on maharashtra governor .. please tell the complete new .. you said .. governor was not raj bhavan however .. news was governor left the raj bhavan today .. and he was well aware that farmers are coming to give him memorandum . he left for goa without any plan . lallantop .. we trust on you .. don't show the news like ajjtak and indian today
lallantop channel or tv ke 99 % news channel biki hui hai jisme se lallantop ek number par hai or zee news . zee hindustan . r9 bharat . abp . news nation etc or bhi hai
tum jaise news channel wale ko on road pelna chahiye jisme se jee news jee hindustan r.bharat or bhi news channel hai jo bik chuke hai
see me subscribe
sam of you people ... uneducated people
i am sure farmers would not do anything wrong due to children and old people that are present in the protest .
ye kisan nhi hai jinhone mahila police officer par dande chalaye aur haatho me talwar lekar so called peaceful protest karne aaye the
great sikh brothers may khalistan long live
we need sant k p s gill
by responding to the january 26 incident , the farmer leaders have proved that they are weak leaders . they are bent on proving their own people wrong and slandering them . the fact is that they are not able to bear the weight of this struggle and that is why they are making such statements against deep sidhu and other singhs . the flag has been hoisted , no one has committed murder . this all happens in big struggles , our farmer leaders should ask the government how police fired on our people . 200 farmers have been martyred in the last 60 days . have we come to kill our people in this cold ? they are showing their ram mandir in the official parade on january 26 and our people are behind deep sidhu just for a flag . we should ask to the government if india is a secular country then in the official parade how the government brought ram mandir ( which was a disputed place ) . so , i request you all to support each other and not get muddy on each other . our singhs has done what the people of a free nation do .
its sad it happened . kisan tried at their level best to keep it in peace but some stupid people didnt listened to their leaders . it would be good to keep tringa over there .
whenever a state sees a threat from a mass secular movement then the simple , clever , and very persuasive strategy is to infiltrate fake radicalism to misguide some and break the unity . the democratic process was building pressure on the government to repeal the economic policy impacting the farmers of india , lal kila incident was well planned by the agency to divide people and derail this mass movement . however , people with common sense very well understand nothing can divide indian farmers and deviate them from the resolve to repeal the laws .
crush india . love khalistan .
why they are holding india flag .
galat news felanese tise gnd marivi ...
they all have diluted the so called peaceful protest by farmers since 3 months . the sacred place where guru teg bahadur jee , bhai sati das jee , bhai mati das jee and bhai dayala jee laid down their lives defending this country is just stone throw distance from here . they are not farmers . with thousand sacrifice and with great difficulties this country is now india and everything else is secondary .
farmers arrest 13 people vandalising public property all with government id ? ? ? bjp planned this
very bad happen.iam very very sory
shameless
ajj tak abp godi media watch this video you see reality they did no insult to the flag no damage they only used a empty pole that was there . <url> one farmer killed by police
watch this video you see reality they did no insult to the flag no damage they only used a empty pole that was there . <url> one farmer killed by police
its a trap manufactured by bjp and police . kisans need to listen to their leaders and stay calm .
proud of punjab
all rights brothers , , , tuhada channel ... tv punjab ...
inn haramzaado ko giraftaar karo , mai apna paisa income tax se deta hoon , aur ye gunde , uss sabko todte hai . lanaat hai onn logon par . besharm
sahrm.aani chaiye inn logon ko , aur tum logon ko .
ye saale gunde hai , haraamjaade . aur ye chaanel bhi kutta hai
lanaat hai , , inn logon par , sharm aani chaiyhe inn logon ko , ye toh hadd kar di inn logon ne .
it was pre-planned .. talwar , ak 47 is their traditional cloth ? ? silent population is irrelevant in democracy irrespective of they are 100 carore
up
very honest officer
we salute our farmers , jai kisan , we salute u we are with u , bjp govt should come down
hello everyone hindu muslim sikhs sb modi government se parshan hai tho my suggestion is change pm select new prime minister as soon as possible don't wait for election date
shame on your parts delhi police
bjp and rss is trying to kill innocent farmers . goudi media reporting all false news ... pls pls kick out this govt . rss / bjp is like a poison for indian democracy . they are creating religious riots actively
bjp hatawo desh bachawo
political vendetta by congress akali they do it beat ordinary citizens .
news moga city moga city de main bazaar ch police girl police boy kuta romance karde paye va
news moga city moga city de lahoria hotel de samne namdev gurdwara ch ladies fighting
news morning moga city
news moga city moga city de ramganj market ch jewelry waliya dukana te income tax department de raid
news moga city moga city de ramganj market ch success coaching centre te boys fighting
police chor saly
this is not lathycharging police - palayanam.name of lathycharge . road may pani daltha ha.ladies stone throing.police ranning back .
good jobs farmers
very rong police
nice b bc news
saare desh de musturd nu corporate family ne buy kar liya himachal apple 1 family ne buy kar liya karnataka ch mungi 1 family ne buy kar li . hun wari wheat te makki di hai jo punjab and haryana ch hundi hai . tusi v tiyar rho low rate te 1 family ne monopoly bna k buy karna hai .
police doing well need srmy kill them terrorist anti india kill the once inone shot satshri akalo
chor media
biased media , a corrupt minded people so called farmers
this was the true reality which news channels were not showing
police mother chhod
mujhe charooo aur kalyug ka prabhav dikhai deta hai chahe woh raja ho ya praja
in india there is no value of human life
you . are amazing reporter .. proud of u
we need this kind of media i subbed to you
she is muslim reporter who spreading hates against hinduism
good job , pure honesty
thank you for your reporting
very brave reporting proud of you
this is not the india we want
madam you are great reporter aap jaise hone chahie
best of luck
in this video reporter is west
ye media wale hone jrruri h desh m
ye rasan anaj hi khate h sb ye ruth gye to kya reet or cement khaoge sb
sherni ledy ripoter
esleye en police walo ke gand mari sale chuteye
bhuhut achhi reports h ye salam
right to protest against government
mam proud of you
this girl has so brave respect for us
shame less police
yeh sale sb journalist mile hue h bhenchod . yeh aise journalist ke chakker me danga fasad aur ho rha h
shame on india police
we are india's youngsters and doesn't let these foolish government to end our democracy
what a shameful people still exist after that brutal massacre in karnal , nobody want to get beaten unnecessarily if we r protesting something is wrong plz support farmers , even i m not a farmer but know all the problems faced by them . this incident will remain forever in the history and the upcoming generations will shock to know that nobody support farmer . shame of u all who are saying farmers are criminals , if only punjabis were not involved in the freedom struggle then all the people who are against farmers works as the servants in british ers home . sorry if i hurts someone's feeling . #kisanandolan #kisanmajdoorektazindabaad
i remember only 26 january red fort .
one side news pl show rakesh ji in himachal news .
agar humbe general dier ke police walo aur unki families ka bycot kiya hota aaj ye taalibani policewale lathi charge na kartey . aaj se note karo aise policewalo ka publicaly bycot karen . un doctors ka bhee yahee karo . sarkari leader taalibanee ho sakte hai par hamate sarkaree karamchaaree na ho
no farmer no food
, , ! ! <user> lalantop #
i support police action ... i support police ke jawan ...
we have right right to peaceful protest against government .
aap logo se aise umeed nhi thi
ye bhot phlye hona chahiye tha very good
maybe lallantop is like this when afghanistan people face very terrorised and brutal condition because of taliban . but calling them terrorist is very difficult for dallantop
shame on modi & khattar government
? , , where was the delhi police when the farmers entered the lal killa ? by the way , it is so strict in ordinary days . on that day , the delhi police was paving the way to the lal killa
koi kisan nahi chor lutare bathe hain congress ki funding per
yeto hona hi tha .
god bless you my people . full sport for usa my punjab
y sare pindan ch 2 4 lounde
police wale fitae muh
jo ae madam bol rahi hai news , bohat galat bol rahi hai , je news channel wale police walo ka sath dete hai bas , paise lene k maare jhooth bolte hai yeh sabb newswale
farmers is best
madarchhod gundagiri karenge tabhi sabhi madarchhoudo ko pata chalega
shame on you abp
they should go in rajyasabha n vidhan sabha n kill all the politician instead of lal qila
this is no democracy its dictatorship only seen in india
this news channels only want to promote false news when these stupid people dont know the full story dont talk shit . losers
lots of hate to apb news . please guys unsubscribe abp news
history repeating ? ? - .   .   .   . , . 2 1922 . 4 .   .   .   .
   . 23 .   .   . 9 1923 - 172 .   ..   .   . 19 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , . 4 23 19 . those people who fought the british corporate system then are called freedom fighters & inqulabis . if kissan are fighting the indian corporate system they are called deshdrohi . all planned bjp think tank hired few people to do this unacceptable act at lal qila . it will divert nations attention from arnab whatsapp chat , fail the kissan andolen & defame one particular community . now they will charge kissan community with many charges & firs . will they think to punish all the coward people who planned 83 massacre , babri masjid killings , godara incident & many many acts of gundagardi . vande matram ! !
modi enjoying life while police and farmers are going to die typical indian government
delhi police shot dead another 3 people in red fort then ran
bjp ak47
we want farm laws . arrest these farmers .
what's the point of rioting , damaging public / private property and attacking on police personnel . ? if they are famers what's the point of doing this .
next time pls encounter these mandi walas
please immediately implement mandal commission recamandation in world olimpic counsil honourable priminster of india honourable president of india honourable chief minister s all state government's of india ganesh iyyer manappari trichy disttamilnadu
please take issue times of india pulses import band kijiye
no farmers only terrorist
pakistani peoples with you ...
they are not farmers there aim to build khalistan in punjab they want to seperate us . some of them are being brain wash
dnt believe news paper , check it directly is goods , christian machinery , foreigners try to down our country , against modi , congress doesn't matter , but give important mother country
this news paper against india funded by foreignng 0
farmers need justice
in kissan bhayo ka huck mat chino ye naaj ugate he hum roti khate he please
oh my god that is india , the biggest democracy of the world lol
consider on both aspects.plz
jund me tu survar atte he samje jai shree ram bolo jai shree ram bolo jai shree ram bolo
not a former it's torirest
rss no 1 terrorist group in india rss group create problems attacking farmers ban rss rss very very dangerous terrorist group ban rss
when will these people admit that it is the mandi leaders and not the government that is trying to exploit them ? it's so hypocritical to complain about farmer exploitation and then remain silent about the real culprits because of social pressure and norms .
sheer lawless bahaviour .
kisan itne nalle nai hote ki 2 months tak bethe rahe , mere gav me toh kisan khus hain iss 3 law se , delhi border par bethe kisano me kisan toh 20 % hi he , baki toh congressi gunde , bicholiye , modi virodhi he , kisan union ne khud kaha ki unki rally me koi bahar se log aa gaye he ,
<url> watch now
flag nahi uttara gaya ta please collect the complete information and than say something
very beautiful sharing dear
we are support farmers
big fan bro .
. ek bar shout out dedo apne video mai
they didn't remove the indian flag ... please get the proper information first and then speak
indian fg ko utara nahi tha correction karlo
bro 10 rs petrol prank is on trending plzz make on it
bhai singhu border p jake vaha k halchal pucho plz reply bro
bhaj ek kam mro jolo chips try karo lkin acha thumbnail dalna
board aa rahe h class 12 ko calm krne pad koi just u did while u werehaving your board exams ... please reply kr dena acha laga idea toh ... big fan
about ring light
bro bach gai aapki tutne se i mean scooty
happy 26 january
pls reply
do a 24 hour car challenge vlog 24 hour in car
do a 24 hour terrace living challenge
do a haunted vlog please like my comment for a haunted vlog
extremely shamefull ... post atleast 2-3 videos per week
bhai mana ap ko insta dm kiya tha bhai please reply kar do mare i'd yash_verma_official name sa hai
bhai yeah video start kabe hoha tha
happy republic day bro
wo wala dialog kha gya ( so boom boom bhaiyo ) m tumhe tab se follow krta hu jab tumhara physics ka paper tha 12th class ka aur apni pehli kamai se phone kharida tha
still on top
#boom army
jai hind / / i love my india
hey .. nice
ye government to terrorist se kam nhi hai
modi group they tlk about pakistan and its dictatorship .. what modi nd company doing bjp will remember this
very shameful
this is absolutely wrong khattar you have gone in coming election
extremely sad and pathetic . bjp is a fascist terrorist party boycott it
pahle es police wale ke mathe me roada mar hramkhor ko
power of farmer
sir this is worng
government is following the policy of golwarker the starter of rss . golwarker in his books 1.we or our neighborhood and 2 bunch of thoughts have written . if a king want to be happy , he should keep his papulation very poor.only some big people should remain rich and those rich people should support king only.foreign travel should be only for rich and not poor
up di ta ta punjab ne puri bond padhti
choro ki sarkar hai chor hi 4 aur baithe hain
tracktor .. is the one of the most important motor . wo chala gay tu hum chalaga . i slute to farmers .
suspended hoo police samelass ... no rule's follows ...
police nhi h and bhakt hai
life is a cycle once you are up and another day you have to come down india and indian citizens have to come over this to see the bright future ... ek baat siraf jobhi hei sirf god se darro at your last days jithna weight uthaya hei utna weight otar ke neche bhi rakna padd tha hei
court me bhi bhagwa judge log
" the police think they are gods . just bcoz they r in uniform they flaunt their muscles . they are the scumbags of society . they should be taught a good lesson of their lives " .
oggy ka police hatao aur desh bachao
ye h rrs
police r not supporting to farmers is to bad bad bad bad policie should think & support to farmers as per humanity ...
he os not public servant he is modi / amit / yogi bhakt , he spent know politicians last for only 5 yr term , he doesn't dare to work sincerely
government played game . and both side police and farmer are just dies of ludo .
best work farmers
where is ambulance ...
jay hind
when police beat farmers 10 times it is fine but if a farmer hits 1 time then terrorist and entire media clash on that clip
bhai bechari police ki kya galti sarkar ka gussa police par i don't know what to say but so sad to watch this video
police and farmers are fighting ... and the vip are on their chair
police jab marti hai to accha hai agar farmers karein to terrerist motherfukers
maro bain chod police ko indian police chor gandi
and what about nodeep kaur who has been arrested and sexually assaulted by delhi police ? ? #freenodeepkaur
whilst they beat the farmers and leave them in the cold , modi treat all people fairly . this is a publicity video
so sad . i love our indian police.they do very hard work for people.jai hind
this is fake news
that what u deserve
police and kisan are both humans . the difference is the outfit , but same lies . the ones give the orders don't care for non of you . wake up world ! !
may god give much power to police to fight with these khalistanis
kisan itne nalle nai hote ki 2 months tak bethe rahe , mere gav me toh kisan khus hain iss 3 law se , delhi border par bethe kisano me kisan toh 20 % hi he , baki toh congressi gunde , bicholiye , modi virodhi he , kisan union ne khud kaha ki unki rally me koi bahar se log aa gaye he ,
what about all the kisan you are beating without reason you whimp weak government
most of police personals are goons in uniform ... they have license of to beat everyone ... they have no respect for common man ... they are very arrogant corrupt and dogs of big politicians and people who have money ... weather it is north india , south india , east india or west india they follow the same ideology of goons and always supress the rights of common man ...
police has weapon but kisan has power
indian pops lol
extremely happy seaming this
fake news
mai policse walo ky shath hu
police wala ghayeal desh bhagat ... kisan apne hak k liye injured hua to terorist jysa beejo ge vesa mile gaa
and police beating farmers badly .
* imp message for farmers * kindly talk / behave to media very patiently , gently , kindly and meaningfully with maturity and relates what they ask you . not convey meaningless messsge unnessary talk . they are here for your support to dictate / convey your message to rest of country and to govt also . relates to your agricultural problems only . this is the time not to involve in other topics . discuss only your agricultural related bills only . don't talk about punjabi farmers only . rest of country's farmers are also with you and for yours support for common cause . * kindly don't involve in other topics . * your's other topics discussion apart of agricultural bills are continuously highlighting on every channel and * kissan andolan * will loose impact . all you have work very hard . your's single unnecessary talk can pay you very heavily . talk with possitive attitude only . don " t chant the slogans murdabad murdabad . don't waste your energy . keep store with you . this will help you lateron . most importantly stay together you're getting support from everyone . talk of everyone . thanks all no doubt punjab has struggled ahead . punjab has also shown the way to the rest of the states in the country . therefore , punjab has more responsibility on its shoulders
not clear
big support from dogras of jammu
police deserves this type of treatment
dekho police walo ko bacha rahe the kisan or police wale kese mar rahe the kisaano ko
proud of kishan unity shame on police wala
it's not good bjp
haha bollywood and cricket is in india
these guys are frustated coz unke chune hue leaders unki baat hi nahi sun rahe
sikh hearts are leaving treacherous india .
modi and his politices dont know power of farmers jai kissan
boht ache farmer bhaiyo
penchof polic ma chadon no mardia kishana de
love from assam
very good from pakistan
shrm aani chahiye'''poore desh ko bdnam kr dia ' ' ' bloody people
<url> click the link to see truth
<url> new siraaa song for farmers please share and subscribe
heart touching story of father at kisaan protest <url> share this video maximum & subscribe us
dumb and corrupted police officer .
good man harjit harman he always did good and clean singing god bless you bro .
we are support the farmers
good . i wait for love from you
how are du no systm in india in law
democracy is in danger
shame indian government
sale chawal bharti keete a chandigarh police ch .
shame on govt
#nofarmersnofoodnofuture massive respect rupal paji
who knows what is pagdi sambhal jatta movement ? how it is simmilar to current farmer agetation ?
bhai please help me bhai please
bai v petrol pump relaince ka hai iss liye bnd kiya hai
happy birthday advocate
#isupportfarmers
i am the big fan of modi shab and will remain but i am against 3 bill . to withdraw the name of grains from essential commodities . all two are fine .
#isupportfarmer
i support farmer i pray to god that all thing will be fine instantly jai jawan jai kisaan
veera please ik varre hor gai o and try to sit with the protesters and listen to simran
this not good ... road block in india
* exciting reviews of protests and riots around the world only on my channel , come and subscribe *
awsm grt supr
2 din phle hai subscribe kiya hai apka channel bhaiya , aap awesome ho full support
bai dil jeet liya apne ajj
broh m also farmer recpect broh love from amritsar
" " any school and college students here " "
respect + + mission passed
the unity of indian farmers must succeed no farmers no food
i'm also farmer son salute all farmers ... is that kawasaki zx10r
thik h u support kisaan ur personal opinion but as ur subscriber can i know on what base ? ek baat bta du galat cheez ko support kr rhe ho is time to .. phle ho skta tha y kisaan andolan pr ab ni h .. tumhe unsubscribe kiya h ..
respect to farmers and soldiers always
<url> you must watch this video before supporting these protests these laws are for farmer wellfare and this video explains every bit of it no hate for you i will keep watching your content but i don't think this time you are right
farmers
desi jaat boys proud to be a jaat
cycle le k helment pe ghum rha hai
support full ya ..
i am from punjab and i support farmers
trash the farm bills . full on support to our dear farmers protesting in freezing cold . pathetic bjp dictatorship !
<url> everything you need to know about farmers protest
farmers will definitely win #supportourfarmers
we support famers
watch the ads guys so we can help him
police ko phel dande se maro moo pe wo bhi
rhhega to godi media hi
not farmers , they are bullshit . keep on using lath on their asses .
see the news in quint where there was instruction from dm to hit the kisan , dont you have the guts to show that
the congress is still speaking from hq , how many issues you need to wake up from slumber , the idiotic leadership in states is fighting for power the central leadership is sleeping , it seems we have part time opposition which dies not like to go on roads and streets , they do politics through social media , if after what happened in haryana today you cannot lead an agitation , protest for the resignation of haryana government , dismissal of home minister and filing cases against the dm , cm and hm of goi than forget being an alternate , in haryana you have 35 mla , a leader in hudda , surjewala , in punjab you have government with sidhu as pcc chief , on hp you are main opposition , in uttrakhand you are main opposition , in up you can command support ... but you have to get on streets , learn from gandhi , nehru how they used every opportunity to start a mass agitation ... get out from your homes , comfort zones ... organize , publicize , criticise and demand resignation and arrest ... in up cag has given you an issue bigger than fodder scam .. this is request please listen and seize your moment in history ...
fake news dene balo isko breaking news discuss kro full day
what an irony , famer dont pay taxes , they want subsidy and loan waiver from plublic tax money . became bad element of soceity and act like hooligans blocked highway , and protest irrationally if demand arent meant without thinking of common man .
what an irony , famer dont pay taxes , they want subsidy and loan waiver from plublic tax money . became bad element of soceity and act like hooligans blocked highway , and protest irrationally if demand arent meant without thinking of common man .
shoot these khalistanies
fascist government we are living under ... this is brutally condemnable ..
shameful act by police
* why should police be caught in this trap set by the politicians police should stand down . let the farmers & politicians protesting disrupt service & clash with public . let public feel the brunt . public will be upset and take action against protestors *
mere father maijar pune avtar gill we are support famers no farmers no food agar punjab na hota toh hindhu stan na hota 90 % korbniya hmri thi or ab bi bsf indian army mai humre hi jawan sheed hote hai jyda tar bharat mata ki jai
nice bhai
action hona chahye
hatts off to u sir
desh se congress saaf kar phir yeshi baat kar .
government should repeat operationblue star to drive out khalistan creating havoc in our country . antinationlist buggers are ruining the innocent farmers .
very nice
ye opdarbi he inko achi trah thok do
festival is for all .
all truely hindu with modhi ji , b . j . p zindabad
the great sir jai hind
put those 5-6 yellow and green turban antinational in to jail
sir they want just dipute at each acton of our government till we have proud on our pm jai hind
100 % right . these politicians are gaddar . its pitiful for politicians . government must deal with these elements .
we support new kirshi bill
thanks brother you say right l like you .
too much is too much .
very true and nice explanation thanks . god bless you . all these anti nationalist gang should be put behind bars and strong action should be taken against them . you are absolutely right , only third degree . khujliwal is selfish guy and anti nationalist . only dirty political is played by him .
tikkat god will not ... n should not forgive u ... this is not the way that on 26th january is proud for us , on that day u have planned disturbance on this special day ... god will never forgive u .
why kajriwal was elected by delhi janta ... janta jalat hi ... dash drohhi elements hi ... dash ki nam badnam keyaa ... modi ji great man .. we love our honourable primeminister mr modiji jay jawan jay modiji ... we all are with u .. tomarow is great day .. our army day ... it should be celebrated proudly ... not like this what tikkat is doing ... u are doing wrong
tractor
sabse bdi machine ( tractor ) or sabse bda hathiyar vo khud or uska lath jb dono sath ho to kuch b kr skte h ... kisan ekta jindabad .. salute to our farmers
what is gov . policy farther and son fight with each other ?
farmers by profession , warriors by blood . this is all happening because modi in truly undemocratic fashion forced the farm bills on the people of india , hes expecting the people to adhere to the new changes even though they do not want it , the people of india have seen private takeover of certain economic sectors and have strongly opposed it . modi and his government are fools with enlarged egos , they severely lack any skill when it comes to digressing socioeconomic and political issues before deciding an complete transgression of reform . another issue why this largely effects the sikh community is because punjab is almost entirely an agricultural state with the majority living in it being sikhs of course and punjab is the homeland of sikhs . the cultural and religious tie of sikhs with punjab heavily correlates to sovereignty or ownership of the state affairs in punjab . its an extremely long discussion with many socio factors to consider but bjp supporters have so much conviction in pm modi that if the media blindly labels sikhs as khalistanis they will support it without any forethought and objectivity .
what are your views on the aggression by farmers ?
on your own citizens shame on you india government shame on you
sarkar se pucho swal , kisan did wait for 3 moonths , centre dsnt care , we know how to make them hear , its kisans protest dont give it political , communal , any other angle
emperor shah jahan ; get the hell out of my property
on telegram , , mindmaps of this topic is not available ? ? where can i get the mindmaps ? ? ? plzz rep
bhai aap itne complicated topics ko itna acche se smjhate ho ki sare cheeze clear ho jati h ... history me hume kaafi zyada imprtnt dates bht easily yaad ho jati h .. lekin ye ese peasants move movements ka background hi cleae nhi hota tha ... aaj awadh kisan movement .. bardoli satyagraha or pabna agrarian ye sab aapke channel prr hi clear hua ... bht accha krr rhe ho
i'm a student of class xii , isc .. thanks
good explanation . thanks
thankyou so much for this wonderful lecture
sir please make videos on working class movement
good content
thank you sir
please upload mcq on all topic
sir please upload video on british indian bureaucracy history
this is also occurred in sylhet region where the taluqdars / mirasdars used nankar system ( food tax ) with farmers . it was called nankar rebellion in 1950 and eventually the practice was abolished by the pakistan government then .
its a farmer movement
its not a peasant movent
sirrjii plss make videos on ancient and medevial history
thanku so much . i like the way in which you taught .
sir please start videos on ancient history ... your channel is the best
excellent teaching
mind maps are not being uploaded . if possible please upload typed mindmaps .
sir , thank you so much , please make an english version as well , even at a cost of a sum of money , i would be happy to pay for it . thank you
sir indian national movement ka full playlist bana dijiye please ...
sir please ab ancient or medieval history start kijiye modern history ke aapka lagbhag savi video dekha aur bahut kuchh sikha . modern history itna sufficient hai baki jo remaining hai modern history me wo self study se surely ho jayega kyonki concept clear ho chuka hai ab please ancient history start kijiye thanks .
thank you sir .. it is very helpful for my preparation .. plz make videos on science , geography and other static gk portions .. plzzz sir . thank you .
kisan movement united province kisan sabha leaders associated with it .. gauri shankar mishra & indra narayan dwivedi . congress leader madan mohan malviya , baba ramchandra . 1918-1921 contribution of home rule movement under annie besant .
thanks you sir for detail
wonderful buddy ... explained so lucidly .
i think that u are not normal teacher , , u already qualified ias exam , , , your way of teaching is so fantastic , , just i can't explain , , , salute sir from shaurya verma
commonweal and new india are the newspaper by annie besant sir ji ur animated annie besant is so cool
take all revolut sir in comprehensive way . for fast revision plz . this is helping me for upsc preparation .
i hope your videos in future will be in different different subjects and it will not be limited to history only ... my blessings to you .
sir , it is really an excellent video series of modern history of india on your bookstawa youtube channel , i really appreciate you . outstanding explaination & presentation .
pls sir make vdos on ancient history
i can buy this channel's share if available a great future ahead how can i connect the team behind channel ? ? ?
sir please make videoes on all the movements which happened before the revolt of 1857 . it will be very helpful for us . and thanks for providing us such a amazing vidoes with animated form
sir , i am so so grateful to u that ur efforts had made history so interesting . i also know it's not an easy task . but i want u to make videos on ancient and mediaeval history too . students like me will be really grateful to you .
yes sir please make polite videos for free .. because i have tried so many times to buy the subscription what i was not able to buy that due to some technical issues .. if it was i can gain knowledge out of them ...
sir please make video on revivalists and reformists as this topic is very confusing .
sir i m very very thankful to you by getting your videos continually 3 days instead of per week ... any type of paid or other history course cannot chase bookstawa ... way of teaching is amazing sir bookstawa is best & best
sir , i feel so blessed to learn something from a great teacher like you . you are the best
you are greatest teacher of history on youtube for me.kindly do ancient and medieval history too
sir please mediaeval history me bhut problem hota he , so please mediaeval history start kareye
sir your vedios give a lot of information . sir iam waiting for next vedio
thank you sir . you are the best for modern history . every exam covers modern history . free topics request - 1857 revolt , anglo-maratha wars and tribal revolts after peasants . thanks .
hi.this is prakash as you know , who said " * _sir you are god _ * your teaching can make us ias . apki jitni tarif karo kam hai.apse accha teacher mene zindagi mein nahi dekha . but you have some missing , please make polity videos free . apke vache se ham merit me nahi arre . please god , please.baccho ko aap chahiye ... please reply . " i want to know that why do you are not doing it free .. please sir if you want it you can make it free for only one day ... please sir bacche ki pukar sun lo ..
one of the great teacher to provide free knowledge hats off to u sir
u r doing great work sir
thank you sir for providing two / three videos in a week . appreciate to your efforts .
you are making very good video
you are awesome , really appreciate your work
sir you are the best
no matter is it in my syllabus or not i just click the vid when i get notified the only thing that makes me to do this is the way this channel gives knowledge to me
thanku sir for your efforts !
thanks
i agree with you sirji
mera ek hindu frnd h usse hm log ne class me pucha 15 august kab padhta hai to usne bola ki 26 january me
i love my india
wah i support you
ap great ho
jntctyy
violent clashes as indian farmers storm delhi's red fort <url>
80 % anti nationals mixed with protesters
support farmers
all are made victims for worlds wide wors 3 ?
covid variant spreed quickly .
if these people are farmers then i'm an astronaut
disgusting scenes . extremism will destroy india . both from govt and protestors
hitlar government
thanks
farmer and police both hurt due to bjp activist deep sindhu is responsible ...
farmers are becoming perfect patsy .
farmers ghode aur sword leke aaye the ... wah bhai wah
as per godi media logic guardian is foreign press and should not comment on our internal matters . we are recovering from foreign forces like rihanna tweeting and godi media is having sleepless nights since mia khalifa tweeted
so called farmers attacks police everyone in comments laughing " police trying to stop protesters everyone in comments " this is reality " " no one listen to farmers "
that's some next level protest lol
these are not real farmers . send in the gurkha troops , in 2 days " farmers " will all be gone .
what is going on in india ? can u explain . is that real gun ?
that tractor dude was shot dead by the police .
dhruv brother you are unaware of true facts . initially all farmer union leaders decided to perform tractor parade on ring road but later due to unkown reasons they changed their decision on midnight of 25th january to march on route given by delhi police . this created confusion and anger among all protestors . therefore people decided to march on initial route against the permission of delhi police . from this you can understand that deep sidhu and lakha sidhana weren't responsible for any action but the union leaders are truly responsible . coming towards the red fort topic , is it an offense to raise farmer's flag and nishan sahib on empty pole where there was no tricolor at all ? is it legal in our constitution for rss to raise their flag on red fort ? rules must be same for everyone . moreover if you say that red fort is highly prestigious and respected site of india then is it okay for our pm to sell this public property to dalmia bharat group for span of 5 years in exchange of money ? mr rathee , you can't prove farmers guilty and justify others without stating true facts . now when you decide to make video on something , please be aware of each and every fact and must provide the every side of story .
they obviously make us waste our time watching this well i trade forex from the comfort of my home with the help and guidance of an expert trader carlos _1uptrades on ! g .
so call farmer khalistan lader say with attack in red fort this planning bjp gov so with attack in america 11.9 . 2001 19 years go that planning bush gov so funny
the guardian is a massive heap of human diarrhoea . with unholy parasites crawling in it .
this proves that its not just an american thing , its a human rights response . the people will not stand for tyrannical governments .
you call it violence , they just clearing thiers ways to move forward , real volience was happened at time of ram rahim , that was violence i would say this is peaceful
this video is not true it's edited and just making our mind against truth
not expecting such behavior from farmers ...
so now you want to know who i am before i get acces to whats really happening in the world . its time we find a new platform to communicate
kisan itne nalle nai hote ki 2 months tak bethe rahe , mere gav me toh kisan khus hain iss 3 law se , delhi border par bethe kisano me kisan toh 20 % hi he , baki toh congressi gunde , bicholiye , modi virodhi he , kisan union ne khud kaha ki unki rally me koi bahar se log aa gaye hain
use those pellet guns you use in kashmir
now the indian government playing the kashmir strategy by blocking mobile and internet service in the area of protest what the indian government wont do to hide the truth ... incredible india i dont think so
this is real india
lets see the speed of tracktor .. !
this is india . these are little games that is played now and then . enjoy the drama !
it s a real republic day
the mughal rule was better than this govt .
tractor play
first police have granted this route then they have put barricates on roads and so on govt has bring laws againts farmers now 75 days farmers have peacefully protest but govt didnt respond
wow , what a beautiful sight
fighting on horses , awesome
they should not do
well done farmers .. 5-10 lakhs people but still no real face of violence , no looting , no torching of vehicles , no eve teasing , not a single policeman killed ...
new use of tractor found . researchers must continue
just imagine the smells now in the crowd
the farmers modified their tractors to use it as weapon ! ' patriotic ' ' poor ' ' farmers ' ... !
ok by putting up the khalsa flag , u have made what was intended to be solely an economic issue of farmers into a communal and religious issue , which makes no sense at all ! u are just fueling that who khalistani bs which everyone knows will never happen . that too u did that on a secular monument !
look at redfort one person was holding big sword i never seen such big sword .. thank you nihang solider .. showing swords ..
they even cut policemans hand during lockdown ...
we stand with farmers .
this happened when , indian got most uneducated pm ever .
khalistan group hiding behind farmers . cheap stun by congres politician
worst part waving your flag not our rip unity of indian
nice indians now facin ' problem with its own farmer and we , bangladesh , are takin ' advantage of it .
long live farmers protest ...
a much needed service by kisans
hahahh bjp is getting back the taste . where were you all when bjp dangai attacked farmers at the border .
pls encounter all these broker middleman mandi walas and save india from congress toolkit
it's not farmers vs bjp ... whole nation knows it's congress + other opposition caders vs bjp caders ...
stop calling them farmers.they are not representing farmers . since when anti social gundas represent farmers ?
do we need to call them as farmers ... all the news channels need to modify their language should stop calling them as farmers ... its serious lapse in the news reporting ... its no longer farmers protest ... the people present are not farmers but political group ... so start saying them as political goondas ...
they aren't farmers at all.they all are punjabi gundas.if you have guts , come on up .
just a sample , bjp will have more to face . shame on bjp for not taking action on these idiots
supreme court when you will put end for the , rest of the countries laughing at india
you media do not use name farmers , we also from farmers family , we feel very bad , they all congress aap brokers
they are not farmers congress brokers , if they are farmers ask them are they doing agriculture ? ? ?
what this bjp gundas doing there ?
not farmers . they are middlemen with khalistan agenda . !
comment section filled with converted jhanduo
these are not farmers .. these are terrorist sponsored group . action has to be taken and the protesters should be made to end .. using strong force ..
these are antisocial . these people are defaming farmers
goons to be encountered , they are criminals .
is there a way to know .. if they are really farmers ... and why not farmers from other states not protesting at all ! ! happy ploughing land ... mansoon on the way ... keep the land ready
wht rss doing
pls stop calling these goons as farmers . they are just middlemen .
these pseudo agricultursts dalals opportunists anti-nationalists goons should be thrown under the bus ... where is the government law & order machinery ?
please stop referring to these hooligans as farmers .
ghazipur is in delhi . wish it was in up . all the farmer terrorists would be locked up by now .
why can't bjp deploy police and military to ward off these anti social elements so called farmers leaders
the modi govt given freedom to tiket gang to do any anti social activity in india ... this is not at all right ... he is a scared person ... how he was crying when police reach to him after jan 26th ...
shocking visuals .
this is what you call unbiased reporting !
in this country there is no law & order against this goonds of so called kissan
very peaceful protests indeed !
thugs called farmers .
farmers are the new terrorist . soon they will start killing people .
the farmers hate the bjp workers . and the bjp knows it , its clear from the recent punjab elections . why the bjp have to go and confront the farmers . they are always looking for a fight . disgusting . what bjp leader and his car was doing at the farmers protest ? they always try to create trouble . gunda-gardi by the bjp . the bjp themselves cause problems , and play the victim game . and this propagandist channel timesnow will obviously support bjp .
ask modi ji to repeal the law .
i hope 2022 up election will teach these dakait goon a lesson
they ain't no farmers ! they burnt a person alive . they raped and killed a woman . they are murderers and rapists .
not farmers isi employees
ayyur sinha ... super villan ... bole toh ... raven
where is
it's fight for future
ndtv abp news news 24 the lallantopa india today 70
yeh hain hamare kesan educate and honest
farmers have the full freedom to sell it anywhere without the help of any broker . and msp is still there and government is giving guarantee . then why these people are on strike . these are not farmers ... they are all middle agents ...
modi ambani adani should go to hell
the patience and resilience of our farmer brothers and sisters is very inspiring . deeply grateful .
if u trst god died on cross took da punishment 4 ur sin n rose again , god forgiven u n gav heaven 4 sure . c way to heaven in google . , ..
this two lakes crores per year includes brokers charges they got before ! ! !
a crowd on the street cannot be a real parliament ! ordering the real parliament which is now functioning ! ! !
real people they are
talibani type of sansad attempt to run a parallel government , and as directed by khalistani mentor pannu , aided by frustrated opposition who has neither people support to come to power in center but want an anarchy in country
so is it not clear modi n shah r asuras ... ? ?
meanwhile modi is tripping hard on gobbar ...
modi should ashamed of this .
what parliament these so called farmers are wasting their time . they are paid by congress to create this mess . the real farmers are working in the fields .
kisan ekta jindabad . farmers will win . no one is bigger than the power of people who elected these corrupt government . i am big fan of ravish kumar sir who has shown the reality to the world but these andhbhakat . no one can explain them . even if modi surrenders and say i was wrong andhbhakat will take his side
time come , mr amit shaha work as home minister and throw this cowards to jail ,
arrest these bafoons not wearing mask .
will government lose money if it makes msp a law ? ans . no , no , no . government will not lose money if it makes msp a law . it will not affect government budget . farmer's exploitation who is exploiting the farmers ? it is the wholesale dealers , stockists , in grains markets , anaj mandis and subzi mandis . who exploit the farmers . when the crop is harvested and farmers bring it to market to sell , these wholesale dealers make a cartel and make the rates fall down and buy from the farmers at low price . when the farmers have sold it and it is the stockists who are to sell food grains this cartel increases the rates msp as a law is needed to prevent cartelisation . it will not affect the government budget . msp will protect the farmers from this cartel . it will be an antidote of cartel .
please prepare some important videos depicting the post election status in west bengal if really you care for india and people of india . if you don't dare to do it , leave your job .
covid guidelines ? ? ? what a laugh ? ? ? it is said that there was not one death due to oxygen during the second wave ? ? ? what can happen now ? ? ?
no mask but strict covid protocol followed so let's be a farmer since farmers are immune rather than taking vaccine . then this guy saying peoples duty but what about wearing a mask to protect the right to life of other
we support farmers
no farmers no food why are you fighting with farmer plz don't fight with farmers
india government is fully corroupted
you are very good at showing one sided narritive
tea is fantastic
people power is bigger than police
feeling proud to indian
how can they attack senior citizens like dat ... shame on u
india has fake democracy
we live in a fuc .. up country
dp be aware hle langar khnde o chpera sanu v mrniyew ondiyew a
protest ! ! ! tensions with war everyone is at war lol gang shootings damm ! ! !
protesting people are indian pakistani .
modi he to mumkin he
these are terrorists in the face of farmers . they should be shot dead brutally . but thank god you are in india .
there are ways to protest ... but some bills which is not beneficial to your state doesn't make it necessary that it won't be beneficial to other states . regulate ... don't abolish .
sale terriest ban hai hye
these guys whom u r saying old aren't actually the farmers being a indian citizen i know that what is the made is in the favour of farmers and the actuall farmers aren't supporting the protest of these fake people who are trying to make the image of india bad ... and innocent people like u think they are pitty old people getting beaten by cruel police ...
and industry that feeds you is an industry worth fighting for ! please support the hands that feed you !
shame on you police
stop killing innocent sikh formers in india
we call india a democratic country and i feel today we should have a shame on democratic word because this is what is democratic country or what is inside the democratic country i feel shame on being indian a country where people are treated in this way shame on indians
you will go back to punjabi and go home
is this kind of normal in democracy countries ? people can protest and police can hit protestors . i don't see any superior than communist .
farmers voice is matter in this 2021 elections ...
lannat ho tum par modi
tears in my eyes seeing them hit elderly father shame on u police
old man has been hitten by stick but he don't lose hope we all are with you farmer #farmer forever
hhhhhhha india unable in government continuing
damn the police im sikh
lol bulls hit is what this is
illetrate police hitting old man with lathi
indian media always promotes hate and lies . .. not people's wrights
beating old people ... bravo india
this is how they are protecting us ... kuddos to all the indian army police and all arm force
#istandwiththepanjabfarmers hope it all works out and gets sorted asap ! ! wjkkwjkf
shame on indian army
shame on my country
indian government just love violence and brutality ... indian army is also killing an innocent kashmiris on the name of search operation ... shame on you india ...
where is human rights champions usa ?
worlds biggest democracy
if this was a peaceful protest , the country wouldn't have been vandalized , police officers wouldn't have been murdered by the farmers tractors on the nation's capital , lady police officers wouldn't have been beaten and raped by these peaceful farmers ! if this protest was to defend farmers , then why is that only the wealthiest farmers are fighting against this ? its like amazon saying socialism or communism is bad for the country . the highest farmer suicide rate is in maharashtra and bihar , not punjab . whole india supports this bill except for punjab . we all know what greta thunberg tweeted along with the toolkit explaining exactly what rihanna has to tweet and at what time . this is all an atmept to break and systematically dismantle the worlds largest democracy to create khalistan . do not let foreigners divide india again . lots of farmers throws or sell at very low prices as they don't get buyers as there is limit on hoarding privatisation will help equitable distribution of produce around the country and export . farmers will produce what is in demand not like traditional rice or wheat only
shame on you sob hitting the old man
just shameful how does the police man sleep at night after what he did to an old person ... sad how low the govt is falling and using organs of state to destroy highways , creating hatred and spread terror but farmers are united & the country is with them
the video shows one side were is the other
bastards hitting an old man . shame on u govt
need some more 1984
this is not way to protest
govt should take serious action
people of india were sitting on roads for more than 100 days people of india should be shameful and government too they should be shameful that because they failed to keep peace in the country government made laws which people didnt needed people dont want these laws farming was doing great before . government should make some laws that people need for betterment of india they made these useless laws its great that people of india are aware that what they need and what they dont need these laws are making india more shamefull nothing else ...
this protest is not only farmer protest . it's the mixture of many protest now . includes people which sports khalistan , haters of modi , leftist , including pakistan , caa and nrc protestors , and few farmers . shame on the people who host a religious flag on lal kila .
2:50 the most embarrassing moment of my life
no farmer no food
bhai galat chiz mat dikhaio they are doing very well kisan yunion zindabad
this isn't a khalistani flag , first go educate yourself instead of barking like modi dogs .
there was no disrespect done to our national flag on the republic day . the nishan sahib that was raised on the laal killa is the same flag that was raised on the laal killa 18 times in history against the mughal rule by the sikhs who stood up against oppression towards hindus and fought against the forceful mass conversion of hindus to islam . we should not forget the our history of 800 years of mughal rule in india and the khalsa armys formation to stand up against the oppression of other religions in india . khalsa army stood up against mughals snd closed the dariyaye khaibar the passage from afghanistan where these looters used to come from . under this khalsa flag , the sikhs not only protected the hindu women during the mughal rule , but also sacrificed their lives for the existence of the hindu faith in india . this khalsa flag is also raised in the gurudwaras that provide free food to the needy without discrimination . khalsa flag is also the flag of the sikh regiment in the army . this false propaganda that is being spread to defame the farmers protest and the sikh community is a shameless act by the right wing rss . sikh community brings the whole nation together as one , but rss divides our country in the name of religion . by preplanning and staging the violence on the republic day , this fascist government thought that they would be able to create a drift among people and spread hatred in the name of religion . but they forgot that they are trying to fool the educated people if india , people who understand the cheap tactics of this government . and the truth came out when the person luring the protests towards the laal killa came out to a bjp supporter . his pictures are on social media with the pm and the home minister amit shah in a conference room . the question to ask is , who can have access to the pms conference room ? did anyone ask the pm to clarify his stand with deep sidhu ? all this preplanned false propaganda was exposed , when people found out about the relationship of deep sidhu & bjp . this protest is stronger than ever now.bjp has failed every single protest , crushed every single voice that was raise against them through the false reporting of godi media and by creating a false narrative . bjps it cell works tirelessly day and night by creating the false twitter account and spreading fake news , just like the trp scam by many renowned tv channels . people understand your propaganda now & you cant spread hatred by using false narrative . we stand in solidarity with our farmers and their rights . #farmersprotest
all are terrorists ...
we need kalistan punjab should be declare a independent for sikhs - no more hindus gudaraj
tracker power
dont portray these people like terrorists they just want a safe future for our future generations shame on you godi media
we don't support this
please notice only muslims and sikhs have objection when modi government come with any bill . as if they do not consider themselves as indian nationals .
police blocked the road they agreed on the 26th and asked all farmers to go to the red fort - - - it was premeditated because they wanted to separate the sikhs from the protest by the pre-planned bjp . before the farmer opened the red fort gate and sat on police chairs and there already got the rss 1000 . it was planned to kill the farmers . on the 26th , no one disrespected the flag , there was an empty pole and the flag of nishan sahib and farmer union was put on that pole - nishan sahib is the flag of sikhism and is hosted in every country of the world and it means god , the likeness of all human beings . , the love and respect of all , the life of service and dedication and the nishan sahib were telling the farmers that they would win the protest . sikhs are not terrorists the red fort was won by the sikh army under the leadership of baghel singh , jassa singh ahluwalia and jassa singh ramgarhia in the year 1783 . he defeated the mughals , sat on the throne of the emperor and raised the mark sahib at the red fort . mark saheb was the first flag hosted in the red fort and no one has rights over the red fort more than the sikhs but modi has sold the red fort it is no longer a state building . in addition , the national indian flag is from all sacrifices from sikhs , while only 1 % of the sacrifices from gujarat belong to both nishan sahib and indian flag sikhs for the national flag
earlier i always sympathized with farmers but after watching this it breaks my heart .. ki hamare hi desh k log hamare jhande ka apman kre police ko red fort se neeche feke this can't be tolerated . nothing above the pride of nation our tiranga jai hind
shameful
long live farmer.down with capitalism
israil company products boycott karo bhai
israil terrorist cuntary ok my friend
not justics
the true news channels only truth
they are not farmers lol
praise to god almighty
baregate bhann te bhai
election time cheating ballot machine we need old paper system ballot in india
farmers voice is matter in this 2021 elections ...
peace and blessings . i applaud the farmers for stepping out if their comfort zone to fight for their livelihood . looks like the prime minister received a hefty kickback in chinese , russian or american money . ... next thing other countries will come to plant their own food products sheeesh ! i pray that they were able to resolve this issue peacefully . 2/25 / 21 1:13 am
mind your own business stay in your own territory middle east . concentrate on arab spring than others.fake agents ..
you can expect worse from modi rss goon
thanks for this great media and they are showing our biggest problem .
support farmers and bring down the government !
how can the indian government do this when i support indian farmers , which is unthinkable in the american
always public consultation is best > food security is from the smallest and small farmers not the big ones , some foreign investments and private conglomerates , because the former consists about 90 % of the farming industry across the country . love from the philippines .
and now the internet cameras are off god knows what the indian police army be up to ! ! watch out ! ! !
this is a democratic country everyone has the right to question and critise the government ... it's not anti nationalism it is a right of every citizen of a democratic nation
india kisan tehreek lover boy make mini tractor | mian akhter @
if this was a peaceful protest , the country wouldn't have been vandalized , police officers wouldn't have been murdered by the farmers tractors on the nation's capital , lady police officers wouldn't have been beaten and raped by these peaceful farmers ! if this protest was to defend farmers , then why is that only the wealthiest farmers are fighting against this ? its like amazon saying socialism or communism is bad for the country . the highest farmer suicide rate is in maharashtra and bihar , not punjab . whole india supports this bill except for punjab . we all know what greta thunberg tweeted along with the toolkit explaining exactly what rihanna has to tweet and at what time . this is all an atmept to break and systematically dismantle the worlds largest democracy to create khalistan . do not let foreigners divide india again . lots of farmers throws or sell at very low prices as they don't get buyers as there is limit on hoarding privatisation will help equitable distribution of produce around the country and export . farmers will produce what is in demand not like traditional rice or wheat only
professional protestors dont care about facts . i have video on toolkit organizing this so called protest . and heard questions of how much this is being organized by sikhs wanting self governance . calmer heads need to prevail and international meddling for violent protests is unacceptable .
modi terrorist government murdabaad . modi government shame shame .
thanks for covering the news .
hitlers brother in india
bangladesh awami league government has made false allegations against algeria . bangladesh media is trying to falsify a report of al-jazeera . all these are being directed by the government . i will tell al-jazeera workers , i , the common citizen of bangladesh , will request you to investigate more . there are many crimes hidden in bangladesh by the government . slaves do not spread the media , i will request al-jazeera to spread the truth in the world and stay close to the people of bangladesh
we as a in indian , we feel every player belongs as a soldier but those loving player's they're think them selfishly kicked back bone of indian , i think they're forgot who's back bone of indian i clearly said them they don't know they're hitting mother of heart heart
ask your government to implement apmc & msp procurement like in india or else stfu
full support to the farmers
my support to government
i think our government should negotiate with our farmers
there should be proper talk between govt & farmers with peace to come on one concrete solution . this type of violence is not good & this type activities on red fort are not solutions at all for that . we should protect our country from outsider enemies . jay hind , jay bharat , jay jawan , jay kisan .
shame on bjp
shame on you modi
terorist of india is govt .
they obviously make us waste our time watching this well i trade forex from the comfort of my home with the help and guidance of an expert trader carlos _1uptrades on ! g .
corruption is the root cause of all problems .
when right-wing occupies the government building - al jazeera " this is insurrection and they are terrorist " when the left-wing occupies the government building - al jazeera " what would the poor protestors do ? "
the current government should uphold transparency and hold a press conference for god's sake !
please support indian former because modi next hitler
please help us ... farmers are afraid
modi plans worked after 2 days protest over
farmer bill passed by 2/3 member of parliyament of india.who have elected by indian people by indian constitution.not by some people.modi ji great long live modi.jay hind .
pakistan is with charda punjab
so , british rule was much better ?
modi government is not good in indian humans right has been fail a
indian public loves it's farmers
i fully support punjabi farmers from west punjab . on one side pm imran khan has launched kamiyab kisan program by delivering better quality tractors to the farmers in punjab . and on the other side we have modi vs indian farmers delivering democracy ( sarcasm ) . now did you get the difference when an oxford graduate is runs a country and when a tea seller runs it .
dont talk to india today if you want a neutral view of this
developed countries current competitor after china is india . this rss backed bjp rule will put india in a paralyzed condition for atleast a decade which will make india disable by technology , economically , infrastructure and mentally . bjp / rss agenda is to take india 50 years backward , people who support bjp / rss should understand this .
pls help indian farmers protest against fascist government
love and support for our kaysan brothers from punjab pakistan
q.which country has worst , fake media in the world ? ans . obviously india
the violence was planted by the government . guys please know that the indian government did this exact same thing in 1984 . sikhs were fighting the corrupt government then too , they were fighting for india . they were not asking for khalistan . but the government maligned their movement like they tried to do with this one , calling them terrorists and khalistanis and turned hindus against sikhs . and since there was no social media at that time , the public was successfully fooled by the government ( congress at the time ) . bjp is the same as congress . remember that in the next elections people . vote for someone different than these two if you really want to see change . if you really want to see a true democratic india with a government that is for its people , and not looting its people in broad daylight . please realize this before its too late , before indian is bought by goons .
fortunately this is happening in india a democratic country . if this is in china . the western media will ...
the beginning of sorrow .. this will happen not only in one country but to all nation will be affected .. prophecy sign of coming
i support indian farmers indian goverment in make very bad roule for farmer modi take money from ambani or andani and sale farming comunity of india
i support indian farmers indian goverment in make very bad roule for farmer modi take money from ambani or andani and sale farming comunity of india
india is a failed nation ! india is a prison of states !
brave farmers bring down the globalist . .. from eu
these laws force farmers to sell their land ... to sign a contract for appx 15 years with private sector on predicided low price ... there is also one law to discard existing essential commodities act which will cause inflation price hike for essential crops like wheat and rise .. also now stock limit is removed for corparates so that they can stock crops and increase the price ... also now they don't have mandi the place where they can sell appx near to 5 kms of their land now they have to sell across states and nobody gonna pay for transportation also they will not be given a fix price can go below msp ... moreover contractor can take loan on farmers land ... if they fail to pay farmer will have to pay the loan or else their land will be auctioned
love to all the indian peoples from italy
fight for freedom !
love you
ashamed that these people live in india
little badla of 1984 but not proper we will take that
india is no more democratic it's a communist country now
rakesh tikat chor hai
we are support farmers
no farmers no food
no farmers no food
no farmers no food
no farmers no food
no farmers no food
how any common man can reach to that place ? and that to on republic day when there is high alert . it's indigestible to me
we support farmers .. bjp has planned voilence for 26 january .. to harm and disrespect farmers .. kissan ekta zindabad
my grandchildren will read about this movement if congress party will not come again otherwise congress will ruin india's history once again .
indian government is destroying everything . corona crisis
first police started the violence by hitting farmers .
very shameful activity by these people , guru nanak teaching never told this .
we love modi always , am also kisan he , iam a farmer , so i know what
its not farmer all are reach team and.they coming in bmw car ,
at capitol hill attack you called them terrorists at red fort attack you are calling them farmers height of hypocrisy : american media
support farmers , love india
stop calling khalastani sepratists as farmers . takait is there just for money . takait fooled everyone including khalastanis and indians .
no farmers no food
after 100 years .. children of next generation will sew this comment
indian midea fake news ... i support farmar
indian farmers full support
at least , to strike a compromise , govt . need to have a seperate agency to act as a business resource center for the farmers in each state that they can go to ; to give them business guidance , teach them business & negotiating skills etc . without that , it's like throwing them out of the ship and they're saying , they don't even know how to swim
sikhs muslim buddhists christian jains low cast hindus .. tribal communities .. total 916 million people's .. suffering from 1947 to till now ... under the 3 % population of high cast hindus .. who are totally in government ... india is artificial democracy made by british controlled from delhi .. they transfer it to high cast hindus in 1947 ..
actually it is ambanis government
iam a former i support 3 farm bills if minimum support price assured
take back what is rightfully yours . don't let these rich elite fu cks take your land food woman and money . fu bill gates , modi , elon musk , jeffrey epstein island . they want you to be in the kast system . brake the kast from the wall .
i want to say only a one thing to the farmers and cops ... plz don't destroy our nation ...
we are with the farmers not bjp .
modi hatou desh bachou
the government of india is shameless
lies ! ! ! the police instigated all the clashes .
jesus is god and loves you ! when we help the poor , love our enemies , pray for those that hate us and hurt us we spread out light . when we stand before jesus he will say to those on the right , when i was thirsty u gave me drink , when i was in prison u visited me , when i was naked u clothed me . god is light in him there is no darkness . and this whole world is owned by jesus as well as the kingdom of heaven . the holy father gave everything into his loving hands . jesus also said those that follow me will not walk in darkness but have the light of life . the way of the righteous is like the rising of the sun more and more bright until it is completely light . jesus is the light ! so let our works become ought in godonly made possible by the grace and telling people about jesus who is god part of the holy trinity we spread out light for we are made in gods image . jesus is god and loves you ! for i delivered unto you first of all that which i also received , how that christ died for our sins according to the scriptures ; and that he was buried , and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures : 1 corinthians 15:4 this then is the message which we have heard of him , and declare unto you , that god is light , and in him is no darkness at all . 1 john 1:5 kjv and this is the condemnation , that light is come into the world , and men loved darkness rather than light , because their deeds were evil . john 3:19 kjv and ye shall seek me , and find me , when ye shall search for me with all your heart . jeremiah 29:13 kjv
may allah give strength to sikh community of india ... to support humanity we stand with sikh community ... indian hindus are not giving to rights muslims of india and kashmir , sikhs of khalistan and christians of nagaland
<url> here we go the video for my kisan brothers
i proud to being farmer , i am stand with farmer protest
modi messed with the wrong state . panjab ain't some kashmir or gujrat .
fukk the police and the corrupt government .
modi zindabad socialist losers , commies , separatists , big farm owners oppose bills .. meanwhile the small farmers are supporting the 3 farm bills .
our dearest prashant bhushan advising congress or bjp will be your biggest folly . help i nda and not akalis either
" i support farmers ,
basterd bbc dont you see racism in your country ...
nobody is don't know about new farms law and you people simply saying bjp is doing wrong as a farmer i support new farms law because of old farms law so many farmers died in my state please support new farms law
bjp mother chod ab aygi modi na jaiz aulad comments krne ke liye
these bills are already in force in some states . ( maharashtra etc . ) they are in the interest of real farmers and are progressive . those who are protesting are reach agents who control apmcs & do huge corruption . bbc is always in hurry to portray india as ' disturb ' without studying the issue . please watch video of dr vikas divyakirti ( ex i . a . s . ) on this topic .
imran khan is the new king
not as violent at winston churchill turned on indian farmers during bengal famine resulting into 3 million deads . for south asia , mr churchill will always be equivalent to hitler .
bill gates buying up land all offer the world
bill gates buying up land all offer the world
the ultimate solution to this problem is the liberation of khalistan
the world supports innocent farmers they are fighting for their wrights kissan zindabad .. modi is a namard he won't win with the brave mards
britisher always jealous when india beacomeing grownig and create narrative propoganda against india .
save farmers from fasict government
see india surrender 1035 s km to china
bbc is spending less than 90 seconds to cover the biggest protest on earth . only show the chaos and implied the farmers only protest because the new law reforms impacted their income . no , the new laws remove farmers protections and paved the way for big greedy corporations to first bully the farmers , then buy them out .
i am from pakistan lives in usa , i cried after i saw that brutality in dehli , we support punjabi farmers ... shri vaheguru g da khalsa shiri vahe guru g di fatehhhhhhh
hello , i wish to talk about this . if someone in queens ny would be so kind to sit and chat with me . i would be great ful . thank you
#istandwiththepanjabfarmers hope it all works out and gets sorted asap ! !
we are alway stand with farmers . ..
farmers especially our elderly farmers have been out since november protesting . modi who has been bought out by the rich corporations of ambani and adani refuses to meet with them . he has barricaded himself . in fact hes ordered the police to throw water cannons , tear gas , and beat them up with sticks , throw air bombs and spikes on the farmers , they are beating them up even the old , they are thrown in jail , 200 people are missing or murdered . women have been sexually abused . they have blamed terrorists which there were none . they have blamed khalistan yet it has nothing to do with them . they planted their own people to create friction and create riots amongst the farmers . when i look at the pictures of the farmers i see the sad faces of the elderly and it pulls at my conscience . if you cannot understand their plight or fight you must not be a god-fearing human being or void of a conscience . you must believe in the right wing media in india aka fox news that is owned by the government to feed lies propaganda conspiracy theories aimed to divide and undermine the largest protest in human history . if you cannot understand then you must not believe in humanity . these farmers are just fighting for their livelihoods and no one seems to care especially in india . and because of the abuse the outside world needs to and has to take notice . modi needs to be exposed . what he is doing is nothing short of what hitler did to the jews and they tried to hide it from the rest of the world . but we are noticing and we are going to fight for the farmers and the elders who do not have a voice right now . many of them have committed suicide because they could not make ends meet . im sorry a lot of hindus think this abuse of the farmers is ok with them as its not happening to them and they will not stand up for them . they they have a country that believes in hinduism only and want to rid india of sikhs and muslims . india is a nationalist fascist non democratic country . i actually think being under british rule was better than what we have now . at least we were united then . if you can look at the eyes of these elderly farmers that are sitting peacefully since november and just see their pain thats all i ask and let them be heard . if you cant do that then sadly you were void of compassion and empathy
when government elected officials sucks up to the rich and powerful , this is what happens . a cancer in the democratic form of government that empowers the rich to sponsor anyone to run for any elected position in a democratic country . this is what happens when the government becomes of the people , by the people , but not for the people . sad :(
where is human rights ?
indian pilot captured by pakistan <url>
we all have to become human beings with hearts in gold , hands in gold and feet in gold .
0:38 so sad to see innocent ladies were arrested by fascist police on the order of fascist modi govt .
one question why the fuck sikhs are only effected fr farmer law why only sikhs
india was taking charity from the uk not long ago . the uk government was sending a large sum every year for the slums problem . the uk withdrew that as they have a space program and the uk does not . dont be fooled . india is crooked . if the uk withdrew it its not needed . obviously with a space program u cant have serious poverty problems . they keep folks poor with poor wealth distribution to seek aid from other countries . thats dishonest . boycott india now until they have no more slum problems . boycott india
instead of farm laws which expose the farmers to corporates ... government should help them make a cooperative like amul , lijjat etc ... so farmers own the company they are working for and profits are shared among them ...
dear god almighty lord we thank you and praise you for your mercies towards us . we hlorify your name.amen .
all country help indian's farmers . bjp ruling party killing farmers humanity , freedom of speech freedom of human right please help us
guys i'm from malaysia and im studying what's going on here and i just have one question , why is the protest happens only in delhi ?
why farm laws were passed without discussion in parliament ? if the farm laws are for the benefit of farmers then why no one consulted with farmers ? just like vaccine is tested before giving to everyone the farm laws should be tested and ensure that it really doesnt hurt any farmers interests ..
india sucks as a democracy .. so sad to live in this nation ...
400 + police officer injury on 26 jan with swords and tractor
i strongly support the farmers
stop crying.what you can't afford luxury cars and expensive houses in other countries for ur kids because of the farm situation .
the real issue is not being talked about here . the flaws of the farm bill i mean , instead everyone is busy talking about how good the bill is for the farmers . something deemed as good can have negative consequences .
india sham on you
#standwithfarmers
pl .. don't declare my name . they can do anything . red fort is given on lease to mr . dalamiya group . - budget . as i searched google , i found that our nine historical monuments are also put for sale ( lease ) by indian government . i wanted to put it to our country and the world , so taking risk , i have put these things to you . anyone can find it on google , but pl . don't put my name .
a 24 year old boy seeing out from the train's window shouted ... " dad , look the trees are going behind ! " dad smiled and a young couple sitting nearby , looked at the 24 year old's childish behavior with pity , suddenly he again exclaimed ... " dad , look the clouds are running with us ~ " the couple couldn't resist and said to the old man ... " why don't you take your son to a good doctor ? " the old man smiled and said ... " i did and we are just coming from the hospital , my son was blind from birth , he just got his eyes today . every single person on the planet has a story . don't judge people before you truly know them . the truth might surprise you . credit : - you can win ( aapki jeet ) story book be a listener if you enjoyed the story plz do sudscride my channel , i have to reach 1 k .
sorry but police clash with farmers
oh my god that is india , the biggest democracy of the world lol
<url> during q1 , 2017 , indias demand for gold jewellery was 92.3 tonnes , compared to 22.9 tonnes for the us . investment demand for gold in the form of bars and coins was 31.2 tonnes in q1 2017 , compared to 16.2 tonnes for the us . india buying up all the gold secretly . will the bric get a one currency across brasil , russia , india and china . i think that is the plan . gadafi got killed for wanting that . keep an eye on india .
i stand with indian farmers . this is your rights to protest , the modi government should listen to the farmers . no farmers , no food .
not farmers . khalistanis
this was about farmers but unfortunately its becoming a religious war ! ! ! modi the ph * * hi better change his decision india police has always been corrupt we all know that change the prime minister ! ! ! sikh lives matter
poor coverage by bbc on something so important and not just in india !
farmers are absolutely right for their protest ... modi ' government destroying india ... most stupid person in world narender modi
is this atmanirbhar bharat
godi media report . farmers leaders with indian state planned this incident by giving direction to farmers that they will march to red fort .
well , would indians finally understand that non violence has never led anywhere ?
so , hoisting " nisan sahib " brings shame to the country , whereas saffron flag was hoisted on the high court back in 2017 , in rajasthan , woh pride hai ? govt . building per kuch bhi nai hoist ho skta hai , didn't bjp hoisted their flag too once ? stop being ignorant
the national flag wasnt disrespected on january 26th . it was all preplanned by bjp to lure the youth in this direction and to defame the protest and blame it on one community . bjp has always spread hatred in the name of religion . the history of nishan sahib : the news came first , the incident happened later . the flag on the glimpse of punjab on the 26 january parade was the one which was hoisted on the red fort . this is not a flag , it is nishan sahib . because of this nishan sahib , the khalsa army liberated the daughters and sisters of india from ahmed shah abdali and kept the shame of india . this is the nishan sahib whose divine principle closed the north east borders forever to end 1000 years of slavery of hindustan . the same symbol is in sahib harmandir sahib and the rest of the gurudwaras to whom the vigilants of every religion-hindus , muslims , christians , buddhists , jaini-bow down . by putting these symbols on the borders of the country , soldiers not only protect the borders but also sacrifice their lives . this nishan sahib is waved in foreign countries with foreign flags . the red fort is the heritage of the mughal period . by conquering this , the sikh warriors of the mughal throne brought to amritsar and today millions of devotees bow their heads with respect to this historic symbol everyday . the fatwa of the martyrdom of guru teg bahadur sahib was given by aurangzeb sitting on the throne of this red fort . the red color of this red fort is red with the bloodsheds of guru teg bahadur sahib's unparalleled sacrifice to save the existence of the hindu religion .
0:10 he is not even a farmer ...
respect farmers if you eat food daily you fools
i can't believe here is democracy if government is for peoples and people's are not happy with new farm laws then why govt is not repealing them ? ?
traitorous wretches , if they can't respect the country on the one day of the year ; it shows how hollow their protest is . the government should arrest them and bring the military in . disrespectful terrorists .
shame on the government for creating this situation . just repeal the laws . create a system for the people not corporations .
shamefull .
pm modiji should wake ... shame ... dear modiji please solve the issue ... digital india is facing food shortage ... otherwise farmers will teach a good lesson
government started violence by setting barricades , and doing lathi charge , using water cannons and crying bombs . they are protesting about more than 6 months why government is not repealing 3 black laws , it's not a big deal to repeal ! how much patience and tolerance a human being can have ?
these r farmers .. this channel has a good viewership from bjp minded chutiya bhakts .. most of the people of west bengal support the farmers in the red fort
ashamed on this behaviour , one people die , policemen injured , why police didn't take actions
if this happens in china all should die
hosting any religious flag on red fort it is unacceptable .
shame on khalistani fake farmers
can you hear kalsa at the ending of the video 2:55
my video on republic day ... guys please support <url>
i don't think so at first . my god
now their actual image came in light ... from first day the khalistani supporter take over this andolan and funding are coming from canada by the khalistanis ... because in real the farmers bill are in support of farmers why should they oppose this .. but the some people who hates modi and the khalistanis who take over the andolan ... only few kisans ( farmers ) are their in this andolan ... govt should take such strict actions against the revolutionarys for our future safe and happy
here we live in a country like india where we have two opinion or sides for killing mahatma gandhi
this is surely sponsored protest
false reporting : it was not a farmers union flag . are you stupid or blind ?
ppl who do not know their father
you skipped the part that police fired and we're provoking the farmers . one sided news coverage .
bjp govt is destroying democracy & constitution . when farmers r opposing their 3 bad laws & then why bjp govt want to impose on them forcibly without taking the permission of all states . this bjp govt is creating unrest in allover india . this bjp govt shud resign now .
why government does not withdraw the act . is it in favour of farmers ? stop selective journalism
see 2:23 what flag it is at left
6 month protest is frustrating .
1 . the protest was violent 2 . the flag is not khalistan flag it is sikh community flag just like muslims flag ( green color with a moon and a star ) which is similar to pakistan flag but cannot say they a pakistani that shows your immaturity 3 . they didn't take off the indian flag out and placed there flag , ( miss information that is being published in the media ) rather they placed their religious flag below it to show there respect ... ndtv news covered this better they have questioned the protesters as well , so go and know the facts please ...
who breaks laws and violence should be hanged simply message
farmers should feel ashamed after doing this kind of act
this issue will bring down politician and their political party down #jaijawanjiakisan
farmers protest have justice
what ? that's a farmers union flag for you ? are you blind ?
time hs come for hm to act to show that peace cannot be allowed to be disturbed at any cost . a case of weakness by the govt . and delhi police
all this could have been avoided if modi government withdrawed the farm bill when farmers were protesting peacefully for nearly two three months everybody ignored them but when they decided to go to delhi trucks , buses and cement barricades were put in the middle of the road they are protesting , fighting for their own rights not going to school that they have to follow rules sindhu border is not there home , they have other things to do india is a country where people just ignore . they don't support each other . farmers were protesting in cold winters , what did the government do ? ? ? they just ignored them as if everything is normal if violence is the only way to get attention of the common people and international media then i am proud what farmers did was right and i would have done the same thing jai jawan jai kisan
modiji should not sacrifice the peace of the nation and 130 crore citizens of this country for fattening the purse of a couple of gujarati cronies !
modi bad aashole india bad governments of india
modiji will not dare ram the sikhs on the wrong side .
it is khalistan flag on the red fort
they all are terrist and pakistan ...
please encounter , who are the clashes bariketd ...
2:08 not farmers flag it is " nishan sahib " a religious flag of sikh community ( not even any relation with khalistan ) . please do research before news reporting .
our democracy b came a big joke for some people
farmers degrading indian flag ? ? ? nah these are traitors
you remove national flag and put khalistan flag and call it peaceful ? army should be called in and all these violent people arrested .
they are not a farmers , secret anti india terror maafiya activitists
don't call these traitors as farmers .
i stand with farmers.call me terrorist or not .
indian media is also calling these favorite brothers a horror . terrorist
sikhs dalits muslims christians should all be one against rss modi then you have a better chance 1 of getting something out of it this kissan protests unity against rss modi is the best . free kalistan
treason ... death sentence for person who put personal flag on the iconic red ford which is meant only and only for indian flag ... we want his death sentence who attacked national pride of 1.3 billion people . their leaders should get life time jail .
kissans are hijacked by some political parties and antisocial elements by this nation get blackmailed by enemies
army should be deployed with immediate effect .
we support farmers
no , they are not protester but terrerist ... police must shoot ..
it's not a farmer union flag its khalistan's flag .
jawan vs kissan , thanks to shit and uneducated bjp modi government
these are not farmers they are traitors .
remember when the british people had guts like this and fought for their liberty like these brave people . god bless them
if govt . encourage netaji subhas then it is against the gandhi ji non-violence . give me blood i will give you freedom ? now farmers have two wings , one is inspired by gandhi ji and the other by netaji subhas delhi chalo . the only solution is to repeal the three farm law . ? , .
okay , no offense but how does it affected my psyche ! today , at 4.47 at night , i am still having a nightmare , about this kind kind of agitation happening at guruduwara bangla sahib ! nihands were running after people with swords and other things ! and this visual is not going from my head ! i didn't recognise these people and don't consider them sikhs any more ! !
sport farmers
1:56 the entire school when you bring a pack of gum
no farmers no food no future jai jawan jai kisan
the one dead farmer killed himself by driving the tractor at high speed into a barricade and the tractor toppling on top of him . what your headline seemed to miss was the numbers of indian police men and women who died as a result of the protestors actions . the protesters were protesting against the addition of an option to sell their crops by themselves , without middlemen eating into their profits . this riot was backed by non-else than greta thunberg who was involved in producing and releasing a google toolkit outlining the incidents on these dates , inciting these people to do what they did ! environmental greta backed those who destroy indias environment by stubble burning , use pesticides prolifically making that area the cancer capital of india and whose indiscriminate use of fertiliser has polluted the water table . well done greta !
they're language is weird lol
indian government killing it's own people .
please please all government help india kisan kisan problem lobour problem mothers problem girls problem women problem blinds problem ambedkar cast problem help help help
why are these not holding indian flag anyone els noted ? ? ?
thanks for reporting !
bjp activist deep sindhu is responsible for this watch it <url>
i'm on the farmers ' side , greetings from china
what you outsiders don't understand is that the farm bills were made with the intention of benefiting the farmers not to destroy peace . yes , definitely the government hasn't listened to these farmers cries or given them enough attention that's why they are behaving like this , the situation is unfortunate
this is a very peaceful protest . we support the indian farmers .
hong-kong rioters is smile to their's indian fellow .
free press free us ..
let's all hope this comes to an end peacefully
the beginning of the end of fire worshipper civilization
india people need to stand up an oppose these farmers law ..
no farmers no food
communism kabhi successful nahi hoga
westerners who have no idea of the farm laws , india's agriculture or the protests are commenting on how farmers are starving and the government is fascist lol . these are rich upper caste farmers who will now have to liberate lower caste farmers from bonded labour due to the laws and they obviously don't want that . lol the next day these people will be the same ones to condemn caste discrimination .
in other part of the world this is called rioters while the next door called it they just expressing their freedom !
india should follow the american farmer law system for maximizing its output and minimizing the input otherwise india would remain poor .
believe me , india ( bjp ) ss literally doomed .
#standwithfarmer
those who rule by the sword will die by the sword .
you first look at your country where you are producing virus like jinping instead of producing food coz you are suffering from food crisis . at least our country allows people to protest and freedom of speech and what you did during pandemic in your country especially in wuhan world notice that too . #india against propaganda # india will unite .
it's all fake i am from india more than 500 police man have been deadly injured , roads are blocked because of this there is not electricity , supply internet devar also planning to destroyed the function of republic day
its time the protesters should use the kirpan ! ...
i wonder where all the indians , us , european politicians who were cheering hong kong violent protestors are . they seem to be very quiet . if this was china they would be jumping up and down .
beating the people who feed you
now a days , farmer are protesting in germany . you aren't showing .
chinese bio warfare operations successfully deployed
" step right up ! step right up ! go ahead and spin the wheel to figure out who will be the next to experience the great sensation that's sweeping of protesting nations ! " " who will it be next ? " * previous winners selected : * us thailand russia belarus uganda ethiopia india be sure to keep score at home folks ! nations in protest around the world ! ! !
thats nothing compared to what happened in the us capitol on january 6th
only one died ? the indian police is useless .
india is proving as a terrorist state
i can see a lot of comments criticizing government , its so unfortunate that they only know half of the story . i think literally no one knows why they are protesting ( the people out of india ) , what government did to resolve it , they just want to criticize the government , just do some research on it guys before choosing a side .
what ?
modi and shaw are modern day tyrants . bjp leaders chant sri ram ji only to get votes , otherwise bjp leaders have no respect for sri ram ji . if they had some respect , they would never taken cruel actions , and solve people's problem , instead they plan and spread riots based on religion , so that they can get hindu votes
for all foreigners who don't know whats going on , these protest are politically motivated and only 2 sates are participating in it as the state govt of these states is highly corrupt and had whole wholesale market under its monopoly and they used to buy produce at low cost and sell it . the new laws are just a way to bypass their monopoly and that is why these states are protesting , all of them are political party workers not real farmers , real farmers don't act like this .
the guy who said the joke : * storming of the capitol * the guy who said it louder : * storming of the red fort *
plot twist : - they are not farmers ! ! ! rather paid actors ... ;-)
please help us ... farmers
well idk if you know this , but the protestors have been protesting peacefully in delhi for 2 months ( + 2 months before that in punjab ) . if they wanted to be violent , they wouldn't have waited this long . also , when they arrived at delhi they were charged with batons & expired tear gases without any reason . they were just going to delhi & regardless of being beaten they fed meals to those policemen . here , are 2 links , kindly see what is the reality behind all this . you can't judge a 2 month old protest just because violence brokeout on just 1 day . <url> ( this is video from vox , it will explain why the protest is happening ) & <url> ( this is a day at the protest )
as a potato this makes me sad ...
i guess rallies and civil war are happening everywhere in the world . people have gone crazy and i guess us is indeed the leading country because suddenly even in the netherlands there is destruction everywhere , never seen this before .
call of duty zombies
the protest is not abt bills . 60 % of indian population is in farming so around 800m ppl are farmers but only one state has problem where opposition party formed the govt . it is political protest dont call it farmer protest plz .
usa staying silent ? this isn't human rights violations ? you were pretty vocal about hong kong , hmm ?
this comment section is a war . gotta enjoy it by eating popcorn
the rakes , shovels , tractors , and pitch forks are all coming alive
corrup to the core if the gov just do not drop the bs law and listen to the ppl . corruption mannnn
only if the government and the police was more strict this would have not happened . killing some of them would have been better than such a disrespect to the country . removing the country's flag on its independence day sad ...
why western media is not covering this up one is already dead unlike hong kong
seems like modi and his useless government will not be back to power again .
liberate hongkong ! ! ! with love from taiwan
the capitol looks different here
the dead man was shot by police and the tractor over turned .
china should take back china . it's china's . it is the only way to peace .
indian government is democratic so it doesn't fire on people , as like your government did in tiananmen square
what is happening to this world ?
china sponsored riots
wow this riot looks cool . i'm surprised they are allowed to do these kind of stunts . if this were in china they would be already dead .
even indian media is prejudice against farmers
indians should all rise up and crush their corrupt government ! !
usa : capitol building india : the red fort
india is an agriculture country , most of the people even before independence happened , earn their livelihood through farming , we get most of our foods because of farmers . after seeing all this gandhiji would be disappointed
i will rather accept corporations rule the farmlands . this is totally unacceptable . most of them don't even read the bill properly . this happens all the time in my country india . most of the protestors doesn't even know why they're protesting at first place .
when the government can't no longer hide behind " religious issues "
stop blaming innocent peoples and farmers.thanks .
yeah chez achhhhha lagata hai woman chah le to achhe achhe ghutano par aa jatey hain par rasta sahi ho to
no mask in sight .
news from ly reporter .. her always
we are not slaves to accept your slavery . now we will take freedom . our goal is freedom
how arrogant is this government
kissan andolan jindabath jaljawan jaikissan lies dump of modiji please go out from the post of pm jalhind
i was on vacation , for iraq for zyarat .
are arfa khanam jee yeh dictarship government hai
support to the farmers .
chor government
nice news channel wire
fools are those who tells it a stunt.from road to parliament the peasantry is.active and it is going to bring a new chapters in indian history ! 54
not even a single women parliamentarian except mahua moitra speak in such valor & wisdom as women delivered speeches here on jantar mantra .
bjp is faithful manager of ambani adani tata birla and multinational group so boycott bjp rss everywhere in india
are the participants of women fake kishan brigade victims of ayasjibis ? what will they say on zee news sting operation on andolanjibis ayasjibis ? are they still say it is kishans strike ?
, - - ... , , be a voice of justice , protact healthy democracy
channels wire have communists and islamic cocktails
wire ideology never change
be aware from arfa jahide mind
i didn't want support from arfa and islamic jahide
shameless government
it should be law in parliament in luckdown high inflation for kissan any govt should be not more than 20 percentage taken tax in petrol or eating oil or any item s pass bill in parliament any political party private company like british company olden days ago from
congratulations to our women friends fellow citizens . with them each family and the nation strengthen .
this , is , women , , kisan , power , , perotest , , thenkyou , , womenpower
vipaksh ko istifa dekar maidaan me aana chahiye , sansad me rehkar paap ke bhagidari se bache , could be correct political move , fight in street
astrological analysis of #modi resignation , #3rdwave of #covid19 , #facebook ban and lunar eclipse must watch this video <url>
appetantly your prediction was wrong . never mind . just find out where you went wrong . and make a correction vedio . keep posting your views .
stop making foolof people and making money ! ! ! it is 13th dec today and everyone knows what happening with these protests ! ! !
all wrong as of now . protest is intensifying
our respected prime minister sri narendra modi ji is going through the last phase of his moon mahadasha which is ending on february 22nd . after that he will enter into mars mahadasha of 7 years , mars being lagnesh for him will be very very strong for him . hopefully it will end all his troubles and we will see a very strong leader in him once again . jai ho
aaj 12 dec . agitaion to aur agressive ho gaya.prediction incorrect .
astrology says modi and amitsha will commit suicide due to huge strikes from various peoples , bjp will be destroyed from parliament .
join me today in the live event here on this channel . topic : kisan andolan time : 9 pm ist date : 12th december 2020 ( today )
today 11th dec nothing changed
can you predict who will be pm of india in 2024 ? please reply mam
it should be happend true .
6 th december ho gaya , koi results nahi mila
commenting on 10th december . prediction is obviously false as neither there was any decline in protest nor till date i . e . even after 4 days overshooting than the predicted date of 6th december , no solution to protest is seen .
its 10th dec and now kisan aggression has increased . what you have to say now ? wrong prediction .
this prediction is wrong kissan angolan has gone worst now on 10th
protests have flopped already . media hyping up for their own benefits . it is all over . go home boys .
6th dec
today its 10th dec and yet no solution ! !
your prediction went wrong
galat hui astrology
your prediction has gone wrong today is 10th dec stop fooling people
it is getting intensified no conclusion
sorry nothing happened
sorry wrong prediction after 6 increased
yeh protest toh aur bhi intense ho raha hai ... unfortunately ... ? ?
not happy . 9th has gone . i am a modi bhakat and would love for this to be over fast . it is getting worse . what is your next predictioin mam ? ?
middle men more interesting than real kisan in this regards , kisan andolan
today is 10 dec why not happning
god bless you , ntional interest is always first
very good analysis
today is 9th december , still condition is critical ?
mam today is 9th december and situation has not improved but worsened and more severe activities are being planned by fake farmers and their instigators.pl provide latest prediction on the subject.regards
today is 9th dec . its a deadlock situation .. make a new prediction on current situation
on what basis you have created this kundli don't give bogus suggestions and prediction .
please tell when government will rollback this kala kanoon ... sani ya surya ... kahi bhi rest karo ... they r free to move ... kishan protest kab end hoga ? .. pl tell specific time
miserable prediction
they are desperate to make pm modi surrender for once so that they can go to town with their loudspeakers blaring " look , we defeated modi . we brought him down on his knees " .
ma'am , the kishan protest has taken a sudden turn for worsening of situation.on 14th dec , on solar eclipse day they are planning a massive all india bandh . please give us your prediction
give me your number
today is 10 december 2020
yes today is 09/12 / 20 , we are seeing some positive signs to end protest by respected farmers .
you predicted decline in agitation by 6th dec but so called bharat bandh was announced on 8th which flopped actually marketeers ( who are politicians ) controlled farmers are agitating and some fake sympathizers like politicians have joined in drag the agitation further their aim is to oppose bjp govt and modi hence this useless exercise is going beyond your prediction and irritating and inconvenient to the common man already hassled due to corona pandemic
thank you for the good news
a country where astrology has more fame then astronomy that country want to be a super power ! ! lol.astrology is taken as humorously in advanced educated countries.no wonder uk recently banned all astrologers from their country mostly from like indian third world origin countries .
good prediction .
as per as my views problem is sort out after 18 dec . when sun is moving away from ketu and mercury is also away from ketu . jupiter will cross saturn and cross its param neech . and koorma chakra west area is cleared .
rightly calculated
the agents and traders and middlemen are rich who sell farmers produce to dallals or middlemen for throw away price . the farmers remain poor but these middlemen are rich.the new farm bill help farmers to flourish . middlemen who will loose income are the ones who are arranging for this agitation . that is simple truth . and others politicians are fanning out .
hope for the best ... sab khush rahe .
madam it is really a unfortunate event in midst of this pandemic corona . hopefully it clicks and over at the earliest . thanks a lot .
nice predictions likely come true . i hope for same .
very nice n excellent analysis . you are studious so also you explain in very good manner
nothing happened according to your predictions
so well explained ! ! !
you have special architect to deliver the things in a very smooth way .
never mess with jatt
they put down indian flag now their all constitutional right has gone . now shoot them
delhi police tried best to bring down the flag hoidted by farmers but failed miserably
happy republic day
when your father brother sister slapped by police ... then you know what is shanti . .. rights aise nhi mil jaate ... sab kuch karna pdta hai .. shanti bhi or josh bhi
there was no indian flag put down . this is not a khalistan flag this is the nishan sahib flag
they obviously make us waste our time watching this well i trade forex from the comfort of my home with the help and guidance of an expert trader carlos _1uptrades on ! g . .
farmers are good
they did not bring down the indian flag , it was still flying higher . you can see in the video from other angles .
what really happened on 26th january ? first-hand information from a front-line volunteer doctor who had come to delhi from the us for a personal matter , but decided to stay on as a volunteer with the farmers in their protest . yes ... thousands of modi's sarkari ( govt ) agents dressed up as police and farmers did the whole drama all over delhi , including the red fort , in order to derail the real farmers peaceful protest . modi sarkar tried their level best to divert the attention of the public from the real issue at hand with their filthy gutter tactics .. and they did succeed for a while , but the public now knows better . shameless modi government ! question is , who is going to put the modi govt on trial for their evil crimes ? <url> <url>
the flag raised by bjp ...
..
indians stands with farmers ... modi's bill only for corporates .. sack new bill
my advice to farmers . stop selling your goods to the market for 6 months or more than a year . grow your necessities for your self .. then the government will come down to your knees . the farmers are back bone ... all the people in india should suffer from food . then we will know the pain of the farmer . .. please support ... if you agree
some misguided comments here as well . watch it <url>
shane on you violated farmers , you lost your sense .
please read this farmers do not take flag down they don't show that part this is just violence by this godi media fun fact - this is just trailer for government
why the government isn't stepping back from farmers bil
what a little boil came in the blood of bhagat singh's children . godse's children started shouting gandhi-gandhi .. #redfort
all these days the protest was peacefull and all of a sudden it turned violent ... we cannot come to any conclusion just by seein these videos ... some one could have provocated them or some one was planted inside the peacefull protesters to cause this havoc .. thats all
these people had no right to lower the national flag and put up some religious flag up there . fight for the injustice but all the while respecting the nation and its people . peaceful protests are the only way forward as shown by mahatma gandhi , why the heck we keep forgetting these things .
this is planned by bjp rss in fir deep sidhu name is not mentioned why he is bjp person it was pre-planned
fraud govt of india
the obnoxious pounding noise drove these folks nuts .
#rss #raw #modi #indianforces are corrupt from top to bottom .
people and govt . werent serious till they become violent
this media are showing fake news they are not real reporter's they are just showing how bad are farmers indian people do not trust your media
delhi police is misbehaving with farmers like british police . beating farmers for hosting national flag .
shame on them ...
shame on sikh
farmers celebrating republic day
before i'm with farmer now
i respect them but they are not allowed to down the indian flag
laws for people and bills for farmers
what happened was a clear case of communication gap and misunderstanding , the protest was going on peacefully but then there came a third party that tried to fuel up the moment , they tried to agitate the farmers , due to which the attack started . the police also reciprocated and the result was a total chaos . what happened was very inhuman and disrespectful , this could have been done with more patient and wisdom by both the sides . very saddening .
these people can't be farmers ... they are terrorists .
shame on you people who sell you mother land to in capable foreign hands who don't have the guts to face our forces head-on . enough of the kisan courtesy . i buy my food , you don't feed us for free . it's time to live upto this nonsense . they are nothing but anti nationals .
i am an indian before my religion .
felt glad to see the comments of educated people .. who believe in truth
so called farmers lost the public trust
protest : ok violence : toulrable but putting down indian flag :
bjp and rss terrorists encroached on the red fort . the terrorists of this bjp rss are determined to destroy the country . and the support of these terrorists is from the supreme court of the country to the national media . our country has been ruined by the government , courts , police administration and dock media also . now god only begs us to save our country .
the democracy of this country is nothing more than just a black curtain to hide the political atrocities of these politicians .
i can hear khalistan jindabad in the end
this was not farmer protest . this was only the violence by modi haters .
imagine having hindu flag on red fort and the resulting meltdown . this is not acceptable .
just withdraw the law plz if they don't need that law why force implementation it shows that its for business people not for farmers .
if these are farmers i would prefer to sleep hungry but won't compromise with dignity of my mother
if tri colour is choosen as national flag than it is not acceptable to use any other flag on redfort . religious flags should be at gurudwara or temples . kl ko hindu khe ge ki hmm saffron flag lgae ge redford pe toh koi accept kre ga nhi , toh hmm bhi yeh anti-national harkate nhi bardasht kre ge . jai hind .
if you are the farmer will support you but if you are the khalistani then again shikh riot which happened in delhi in 1984 will can happen again , this is the high time that sikh community should control their youth to not to challenge democracy
" anti - indians have won like crazy "
respect farmer but i love my india . shameful incident
these people are not called farmers they are called terrorists only some who involved in this
now i don't support farmers . they are not indian . they proved this . they insulted indian flag . an indian can't do this . and some punjabi people are supporting them just because they are thinking that they are punjabis . they don't think that what is right and what is wrong .
and no indian flag was pulled down
kar diya chutiyapa jo nahi karna tha . whoever is the culprit i dont know but it is black mark on republic of india .
kar diya chutiyapa jo nahi karna tha . whoever is the culprit i dont know but it is black mark on republic of india .
shame on indian government . the idiotic government is very silent on this issue just to show their gratitude to ambani and adani . just for 2 people and their families the whole of india and 1.3 billion people is being sold . this is very ridiculous . hail farmers .
and still people think farmers.are right .
just so we know that they didn't take our respectable indian flag down . that was wrongly reported by times of india . what he did is all wrong but he didn't take our flag down .
these voilence r going by ... unknown people which r earned by govt ... to do voilence in peaceful farmers protests ... this is fact ... and some voilencers r placed by opposition parties ... by which this peacuful protest named as attwadi protest ... #fact
few hundreds entered physically , no one saw but the rest of the india was with them ! !
the time has come to bring back our country to its democracy line . not know means never .
we stand with farmers
bjps are hopeful to win again and again in the name of hindu different opinions of many opposing political parties and with the help of media money power and the government agencies . hope in the come day's the government works for the whole nation
biggest enemy is modi for this country not anyone else @ @
modi pagal hai uneducated foolish
because formers bjp " govt going to loose everything , wait and see .
we don't have government but a dictator who oppresses citizens on daily basis
we support our jawan and kishan brothers .
all parties so for ruled india sucked blood of common man
i support kissan andolan and kissan , the backbone of india .
very good steps taken by farmer's , keep up the good work , we all support our farmer's in this struggle , unite every citizen with our farmer's to win this fight , we all must win this fight at all costs , we are all eating what our farmer's grows in the fields so please support them thanks adil bhai for this great news showing on the nation so that citizen's are now fully aware and will come in more groups to support our farmers , jai kisan , jai jawan , kisan ekta zindabad .
wht is modi govt so adamant with the farmers ? stupid govt
i think tikait is a planted by bjp because he is making sure that people who slightly in doubt for bjp , should become dead sure that this coming election only bjp must win ... good job tikait
have also heard " har har mahadev " , i think these so called journalist are exposing themselves .
he is asking hindus to chant allah-hu-akbar . if he asks muslims to chant har har mahadev in a muslim majority - his head would be separate from his body
what a crook times now ... u divide the country and help govt to loot people .
so called campaign hijacked by bigots , tikait wants ticket to election
india should learn from china .
if afghans dont even want indian embassy but muslims can have a room in the parliament .
this decoit is more venomous than terrorists , no real farmer's protest , he should be arrested immediately or else he won't hesitate to ask help from pak n china to fulfill his vested interest .
these idiots like tikait should not be allowed to roam free anymore . his protest is taking a religious colour .
naxalite is the future of india . support country naxalite and its government . naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights .
worst news channel
he said ' har har mahadev ' also . why don't you say anything about it ?
so called " kisan " chanting " allahu akbar " and trying to do polarisation before u . p . election whereas real farmers are sweating it out on the field and don't have time even to take their meal properly .
he said " har har mahadev " too with that " allah akber " chant . woh kyun nahi dikha raha hain , times now ?
they teach you about the british divide and rule policy in school which lasted almost 400 years what they don't teach you in school about hinduism divide and rule policy they divide people in the name of caste and ruled for more than 1000 years ...
hahaha ... mahapanchayat is a secular place . but shhhhhhhh . dont chant jai shri ram .
we the common people should see the reality and vote for the best people
fool person
pls don't call him farmers and spoil the name of farmers
up people are watching him . they are not fools . . . time will come & definitely they will reply him in 2022 . jai hind & bharat mata ki jai .
finally the country will now see his real face and his real agenda .
rss do something
i like how he was saying allah hu akbar but other were saying har har mahadev
what is the equation between farmers and allahu ! ? ? ? . allahu is enough to create taliban's
u shameless media , he also said harhar mahadev
shame on these people . arrest them .
he is exposing himself further , no real agendas for farmers but everything as fake as tikait being farmer .
in the entire mahapanchayat , only this caught your channel attention . the chant was regarding hindu muslim unity .
all stupid people are threre in rally
he is badly needed by talibani now
taliban will help kalistan to achieve their dream . tiakit has his own political goal . india will never learn how to handle this bugs .
both the slogans , har har mahadev and allahu akbar , were raised by him with stated purpose of emphasising the hindu-muslim unity among the farmers . by highlighting just one of these slogans , the media is obviously taking sides and casting aspersions on the intentions of the farmers . the farmers could have avoided these slogans as there is room for manipulation and misinterpretation .
put him behind bar for communalisingpseudo farmer protest .
let him , till counting - it can happen . then next state / election . that's it .
great stupid and idiot fake kisan neta :=
clearly he said har har mahadev , allahu akbar together with an intention to spread unity . when piyush goyal said he daily prays la illaha il allah , which literally means there is no god but allah ( link below ) , i didn't see any hue and cry from times now or any gobar bhakts ! <url>
because of this kind of worms in our community moguls invaded us and ruled .
jihadis have taken over farmers agitation . sponsered by isi .
please all check all the family members have they converted to muslims at once the government should not give up just arrested all of them
the bastard has converted to muslims and get him arrested at once and send him to muslims country he is spreading hate speech against hindus mr modi stop at once all the benefits to all those farmers as they are supporting terrorist organisation before this mad person destroyed all the hindus
sikhs and muslims joining forces , to battle hindu mafias . i love it haha
this is the real face of so called fake kisan aandolan . it's only motive is to create chaos , disturb harmony . it's bunch of jokers came together who are modi haters , antisocial , anti national . the government must act very tough while dealing with them .
ravish kumar openly said these types of channels godi media . shameless media
shame on media
it inquiry for his assets .
not farmers protest . protest by congress agents sp agents leftists agents aap agents islamic agents communist agents pakistan agents isis agents isi agents taliban agents jihadi agents khalistan agents anti india agents anti hindu agents
nothing wrong . but it is clear that they are paid brokers appointed by pakistan . he wants to make division among the agent groups fighting for months unitedly , in the name of religion . his agenda is communal tensions and disintegration . the government should scrutinize the bank statements of all participants to see whether major income is agricultural or other .
we stand with farmers
shameless character
there is a limit to lie .. shame on you times now . publish his full speech , audience can understand
islam destroy india last 800 years and then divide india in 1947 now they try to destroy again
one can see farmers roaming in big posh cars with farmers agitation flags . what a agitation
it's time for all the nation loving people to wake up and rout the anti national parties in all the elections going forward .
now they are framing situations to promote there pseudo secularism by being politically correct . wake up hindus , things pseudo secular people have divided india and every one were mute spectators , i am not saying to hate any religion , but this is really pseudo secuoar which has divided india in 1947 , don't get trapped in it .
shame on channel it was a communal harmony gesture of kisan leaders ..
last 70 yrs islamic colonisation of " non muslim india " continue .
r these kisans . its politics only . tikait is playing games in the name of farmers
all these bullys are jokers
rakesh tikittuddin is backed by anti hindu & antinational congress + opposition + canada based s f j to oust modi by the habitual hatred habit of madarasa brands . s c should be a mock spectator & should arrest all topi chhap road blockers .
this stupid gandhi vadi idiotic approach of the bjp is shameful and ridiculous
all india people open your eyes now please go
shame on india governments shame shame on
all india farmers stand up together now please go delhi now please
* exciting reviews of protests and riots around the world only on my channel , come and subscribe *
brother nai bahut acha aur sach bola
barbie's abortion " urban riot control " <url>
how can you trust this guy ? first look at his picture that was viral .. hes holding a metal rod how many people did he kill ? it doesnt need a explanation underneath it speaks for itself . does he have any land ? is he a farmer ? if no he came to support where he get money ?
waheguru ji kirpa karo kisan veera te ji moddi kuta mar jave ji moddi kuta ban chuka a abani adani da kuta moddi bjp vale chora te bharosa nahi karna chahida thag chor bjp vale
aarfa begam look more sexy .
seems common interest is bringing them together once it is over they will be at each other's throat .
the stand of sardar gurnam singh chaduni is commendable that is , the whole present political system of our democratic & secular country may be said responsible for harassing the kissans . so that a new party namely all india kissan-mazdoor party should be made by agriculture people for flushing out corporated based politicians by democratic votes .
biased reporting by muslim
i love may india se hindu muslim shik isai se desh banta he powar full jay hind
it's a conspiracy of opposition on the name of farmers agitation . violence is their intention and foreign funding behind them.the farmer laws are on hold , sc involved , but agitation continued by richest farmers of punjab ! ? , china is behind creating internal tensions ? one side biological war another side war like situation at border . if they are true farmers must accept the advice of sc . ex . iaf
they are also jats but muslim jats we have same brotherhood with them
4 to
thanks wire for giving us true information and the ground level reality not like #___ media
up wale bhai bahot bhadia very good
ise kehte hain reporting
, : , " the wire " .. 86 % , ,
, : , " the wire " .. 86 % , ,
, : , " the wire " .. 86 % , ,
why hema malini is not present there with her tractor ?
unfortunately , this unity disappears with shenanigans by the powers that be .
sarkar kiddan di howe ashha te e hona chaahi da har ek insaan nu baraabar de right milan , education free medical sahoolat free jade lokkan di lower income hai unah lokkan di income poori kiti jaawe , har ikk naujawana nu kam kaar dena or health fitness de lai center kholne , thats dutys and responsibility government of county , thanks for all watching and listening
stay together & respect all religions !
think we all are indian if our country is democratic we should respect it and maintain it
best that could happen in mujaffarnagar this unity can stand as backbone and can be a visionary to world
united united that is the only way forward
times now media is godi media channel without ethics unfair and biased shame on you for spreading hate and dividing the country
i think u have move to this place
who are kisans ? these protestors are political leaders ! what farms they have ? they are on roads for 2 - 3 months now !
let these thugs do it inside jail . india should treat them as treason criminals .
times now please and kindly try not to be a pimp for government , try to put facts in front and let viewers decide . informative video
mam sir plzzz jitna bhi ho sake meri maa ke operation ke liy help kijiye dil ka operation hona hai operation ke liy 50,000 kam pad rhe hai ... mp radha krishna hospital me ilaaj chal rha hau .. jitna bhi mere acc . me transfer hoga main return krunga plzz trust me bahut urgent hai aapki choti si help mere liye bahut badi hogi plzz ignore mat krna this is my whats app and personal number my phone pay paytm no . 8718879407 ... plzz help
these are now fake farmers real ones , now these want the police to shoot bullets that's why these people are playing this game but government must let them rot there don't give a shitt fo
jai hind sathiyo first view
nobody never ever support these broker walas
abp wale kisana di news nu negatively show karde ne
support farmers . media channel should work neutral .
" " " let's pray for those children who doesn't have their parents they are real ledends " " " ' ' " " " ..  ..
this is not farmers protest anymore something else is happening .
gurupeda jena spot on for your humor abhi b.mfiaz , shivsena , congress , ncp , kejriwal aur baki antinationals se toilet safai karwayenge 1 rupai per month salary.inlog ka aukat dikhyaenge.aur gareeb aur middleclass ko unke jaga denge jo wo deserve karte hai
ssr case mein delhi police violent hua supporters k liye , aur khalistani protest pe chuha ho gaya
hum humara log k liye desh k liye tax pay karte hai govt ko aur hummse kuch log iska fiada uthake govt ka properties todte hai innocent log ko uksake antinationals kam karne k liye , these are jobless insects and sab k income pe nazar hai , velle log kam nahi karke paisa kamayega , aise marpit karke loot machayega aur desh ko bechega
agreed to all points of mr governor , vishrut , ujjwal , varan , amar , ng , vijayendra
this fellow where ever goes deviate the topic
just read about west sponsored arab spring .. you will find similarities and they are try to bake same
no one could answer mohit's facts . all were just rambling , aww , aww , aww . great job mohit .
hi varun please be careful with that mohit gulati guy , because he always talk nonsense about every topic you can ask about him from stylerug .
jai jawaan jai bharath jai modi ji the indian pm , a patriot and a global leader . education and awareness matters . real indian farmers are patriots . some are either misguided or got carried away . every issue has solutions if willingly discussed with positive thoughts
chal oye motu . u also part of godi media funding directly coming from bjp > > republic > > motu
* the police should be withdrawn as the cm of delhi allowed it . when these idiots riot , let the delhi cm face them and the consequences . * * why is the police made the scape goat * * delhi police should not tolerate the shit created by delhi cm *
we support frmer
i support b . j . p
no terrorist can touch our tiranga , they are not at all farmers , jai hind , jai hind
this news channel eats the waste of amit shah , modi , ambani , adani so that's why they speak this .
abp news fake news chennal
godi media ... go and say papa papa to modi for all ur needs ... dont show fake things
# godi media ... why dont u identfy who was that man ... and show one program in his name ... rss gundas ...
pakistan wants indian sikhs to be killed in police firing and prove the world that hindus do not tolerate " minorities " and break the country into pieces . our country is being divided by caste , region and religion . in andhra hindu temples being vadalized , mr gandhi goes to tamilnadu and speak about tamil pride , mr tackrey wants to merge few district of karnataka into maharashtra . many hindu's being converted into forgien religion . now this khalistan issue . lobbywood movies criticising hindus always . we are under attack ! ! !
i don't care if i was removed or not , but the place where my lovely india flag should only be was volieted , they should now face the consequences of doing that beating police did u saw how much aggression did they show . o my just think if they entered anyone's house that time , carrying swords threating someone it's illegal .
this happens only in india and i really appreciate delhi police they did not shot down anyone . should have done peacefully . bht galt hoya
i heard india flag was taken off ( ) at least they didn't taken indian flag off
abp news is owned by adani so they are against famrmers
shameful ! farmers can protest peacefully , but these people are crossing their limits . government should take strict action against these . these people are insulting india . and this bullsh * t rahul gandhi just saying nonsense things , he don't even know he his saying such childish and nonsense things , government has permitted farmers or anyone to protest but * in peacefull way *
i think they doing great
if farmer leaders know they are some people joined the group to disturb the rally , why they dint stop or postpone the rally . the pathetic in india is the left parties are not able to condemn this horrible act , left parties are least bothered about the police people .
we always supported sikhs community
probably congress was right in 1984
i just seen a sikh extremis climb a flagpole on the red fort building and stick a khalistan 1984 flag dose this means civil war in india ?
kissan at top any professional life ...
terrible english pronunciation
haryana is fighting with true democratic indians
no negotiations . no negotiator . sonipat public want roads cleared .
jayegi jayegi yeh bjp sarkar jayegi , such an arrogant and self - indulge , anti-nationalist govt is this bjp govt . i stand with farmers and they will win coz they are right for seeking their rights
metering chalni chaye
ha rand hona chahiye
it's true that its not happy time bez we do not got anything in written . secound its was ours right . its too shamfull that to get our right in independent , democracy country with protest ..
bill should be cancel
bill should be cancelled
withdraw the bills !
bill should be cancelled
bill should be cancelled
bill should be cancelled and also govt should be dismissed due to not saving d country from china who captured a lot of our land in laddakh and aruna chal pradesh
i saw lot of bhakats commenting against farmes and supporting to farms bill they are those who was dreaming about plat in kashmir even they fight with sale man for buying half dozens banana
high treason ! all of them are starving children ! wow death sentence or death penalty is a punishment sanctioned by the state , where the person is killed for committing the offence . the act of carrying out such a sentence is known as an execution . includes causes of death : hanging listen ); born 17 september 1950 ) is an indian politician serving as the 14th and current prime minister of india since 2014 . he was the chief minister of gujarat from 2001 to 2014 and is the member of parliament for varanasi .
this kisans have hyper immunity that's why corona will just run away by seeing them .
splendid episode ! farmers'protest is strengthening the democratic setup and determining a feasible approach to repeal of unjust laws . journalist rolls camara on contextualized matter which is to my liking .
support to farmers
go and watch wion for facts , for propaganda continue watching quint .
quint - * we won't report on relaxation given by kerala govt for bakri eid * we won't report on everyday ruckus created by the opposition to hamper parliament proceedings . * we won't report on post poll violence against bjp supporters in west bengal * we won't report on taliban . because we believe the journalist was killed by the bullets not by the taliban
the government is turning a deaf ear . its a shame
why r u not covering the kerala relaxation on bakred n outburst of cases there ryt now
support to farmers .
why quint is not showing roits in west bengal after election
may god save parliament
i'm surprised at the comments here .. do these guys eat food or ... ?
these free loading khalistanis are no farmers . they are just terrorists and should be shot on sight .
what are farmers complaining about , they pay no tax , get free electricity and subsidies . who else gets that in india , not even modi ( no supporter of his ) .
the poor farmers are already in mercy of rich farmers and government if these bills implemented the well to do farmers will have tough competition and have to depend upon private players they don't want this .
26 january and now 15 august let's see how peaceful it will be
etailers like flipkart and amazon , harm the kirana shopkeeper , but the 3 farm laws is supposed to help the farmers . it started with cancellation of coal blocks and demonetization , but continued to gst rollout , raffale , laws , laws and more laws , including farm laws , lockdown 1.0 , corona 2.0 , vaccination , oxygen and now pegasus . the farmers are very aware of their rights . you cannot fool all the people all the time . lal bahadur shatriji had coined the slogan jai jawaan , jai kisaan . somewhere , down the line , the kisaan has been conveniently forgotten .
all the famers of india are crying because of chaiwalla narendra modi .
all media should show this
these old people are fighting for a cause and for the future generations . god bless them .
can't they just amend the bills ? and then impose them matlab bill pass karke sarkar bhi khush aur galat points hatane par kisan bhi khush .
schoopwhoop is appreciable
when history will written in future .. godi media would be most darkest spot on that
dont take panga with punjab indians plz unite against this tyrant government show your support with your vote
sardaraan wangu koi na lad skta inne pressure vich lihaaz aur tameez se gal krna bohot mushkil honda hai .. ( i dont know punjabi that well but my heart is punjabi .. correct me if i m wrong ) ... you all are not alone ... its not just sikh community ... its true indian community ... we r proud of our farmers ... we supports u ... bharat ke bachhe bhudhe jawaan sab aapke saath hai ... farmers are king
samdish be like ( amit shah nu vi thoko welna )
one more video shoot in kisaan morcha
28:01 the way he said i ws also laughing
make a video on the current scenario
people have the right to subscribe to different perspectives and any ideology can be subscribed to , but with logic and facts . farmers here seem to have more logic and facts than the entire mainstream media , the panelists and party spokespersons all combined together - they are the pseudo-intellectual educated masses whom majority listen to ! how tragic !
nice covering bai g keep it up
sb kuch thik h bhau but unnecessary hsa mt kro bde gnde lgte ho
really proud of you scoop whoop
you guys are the best
wow , khalistani are there ! everyone is khalistani in protest ! shame on godi media . good job scoop channel for coverage on ground zero !
government worked too hard to defame the farmers
thanks for sharing truth brother love your channel
" farmers are well educated i would rather say much than our agriculture minister narendra tomar "
keep up the good work , i see your work as breaking news without strings attached .. please keep it up ...
zee news vala sach hi to bta raha tha
for the algorithm
not every protest is right for nation ... even if there no . s are in lakhs that does not mean they are right unless n untill they really know why they are protesting .
dear samdish , i have been watching your journalism which is quite impressing that how real journalism is still alive , great representation of freedom of speech you supporting . i am much much thankful to you grateful to you and i owe you a great tribute for your fearless , courageous real and unbiased journalism . my only request to you is that ki kbhie zindagi mei zee tv ya aajtak wagera trh bikna mtt i have been watching your all videos , all off the records videos nd other contents you have been doing great job , may god bless you . you are nailing in this job . best of luck . you super good and nice person ... i wish to meet you someday lots of love from this delhite all the best
a new chapter add to the unity syllabus of india . history will always remember the sheer determination of the feeder . allah bless farmers and also them how cares about their pain .
ye channel ka host bol raha dusre channel ke anchor ko pareshan ke live
6:54 very intelligent and educated person : balbir singh rajewal
still high spirits
sad to see still yet modi hasn't change his mood .
rapist farmer protester specialty leader of farmer
bhai gareeb kissan ke pass utna time nahi hain ki woh jake protest kare usko daily kamana khana hain yeh woh rayees landlords farmers hain jinko loss hoga is bill se woh sirf woh gaye hain protest pe
i loved how the location was india
also its very incredible to see that the farmers are very welcoming to samdhish !
live roasting 1:34
please i laughed so hard watching repeatedly the weird silence at 29:12 between the anchor and punjabi man where the anchor actually didn't get and acted huh dumb
6 mahine se uper ho gye hai es video ko andolan vese he chl raha hai
love and support from muslim community for farmers #resignpmmodi #resignbjp
samdish , please make more videos , you are on the way to make india better
half literacy is way more dangerous than illiteracy . corporate can get involved only if the farmer enters into an agreement , who is asking them to get into agreement . and if bocholiyas are service provider they can continue even if there is no mandi . and if farmers call somebody gaddar , khatam kardo is fine . expected better from scoop whoop .
bhai your interview style changes while talking to people against govt ...
thank you for showing reality . shame on mainstream media .
i guess sikh farmers are much more organised than haryana and up farmers
the way he mocked the zee news
samdish for some reason the way he behaves looks like a fool
14:07 that's called maturity with wisdom , how did he spoken with soft words and interrupted his villager to be more sharp language , bahut kuchh sikha diya is bhai ne . jai ho
na caa ... na kissan protest ab sirf covid
one of the best coverage of farmers protest i have ever seen . great work samdish . keep it on !
no one has wear mask
farmer and you
these are uneducated protesters in the name farmers . they think govt . will accept their demands than they are living in dreams
mind begs the question : a govt - building concentration camps a judiciary - allowing totalitarian laws what conditions need met to establish a pm / govt is fascist / nazi ?
mind begs the question : hitler - labeled every protest a conspiracy if a govt - labels every protest a conspiracy model state , nazi state ?
ye poster war politics krne k ley jo aare hi unke ley hi
media virus is dangerous than covid - 19 .. need a vaccine urgently for them ..
essel group and zee group owner is son of farmer ... so support kissan poors ... very cold now
owner of zee media is farmer son ... his heart will open ... change to support kissan
shri subhash chandraji is son of kisan , he is kind person , his zee media must support poors and farmers ...
all farmers need is msp in written and additional law saying no one buy below msp ! govt . is verbally saying this but they asking in written or else take all 3 bills back ! these channels are supressing real matter
30:27 anyone want to do this with me
after hyderabad to bhagyanagar ... the name of sikh regiment will changed to sikhanand regiment ... jai shri ram ...
afghanistan conditions india nu directly effect krdia kashmir vich attwad v pakistan ne afghan gps di madad naal falaya c
kisan ekta jindabad modi kteeed and hater's murdabad all farmers and supporters are be brave and strong
jab bhi to jab bhi to tumne jhooth padhe aap hare kutan
sister in humanity , you are lacking , you need to update yourself . farmers already told about farmers law what they will face on implementing it . don't insult indian daughter . by self proclaiming yourself to daughter of india
one & only modi ji ! jai hind
i have done bsc radiotherapy from tips college now iam not getting job
demand separate nation
god bless you panshir protect u
uff bbc ka propoganda kl he bbc urdu py is k opposite video thi jis ma indian channels py fake videos lgany ka btaya tha
talibans deafeted amrica and nato . pensheer kia cheez hy
india ko kia taqleef hy . mody is a hitlar
if ahemed masood wins he become national hero of afganisthan and maybe next prime minister ..
insh allha fhatha talibhan ki hogi
panchsheer defeat is india defeat , very serious issue .
update news : panjsir has fallen .
panchshir fatah by talban
every moment is a fresh beginning
god bless pm modi
bbc is a partiality puppet of western media . against indian democracy , seen and watched many times.latest found yesterday when a female anchor pressurized a lady profesor not to speak against pakistan and stop broad casting it live .
india ko panjsheer mrashan helic 90ters se bhejna chahie
ahmed masood should be afghan minister
bbc you are too late , fake news you are uploading ... you are loosing your credibility
bbc news is the best
panjshir will surely surrender very soon . inshaallah ...
it is pity that a democratic legitimate president mr . saleh is helpless and lonely in his struggle only to save the democracy , but the un or any of the champions of democracy are showing their opportunism only to strengthen their trade with the so called future government in afghanistan . now it is only india raising her voice to save democracy . jai hind
aapki aawas sundar aur soft jaisi hai .. i like the way you are telling us the news like a interesting story .
hahaha self made news by bbc
islmic student af tv
pakistan has fooled us for fifty years .
been conqured , o ignorant bbc
kisko chutia bana rahy ho , han agr tum logon ko hosla de rhy ho well nd good panjsher pe totally control ho giya isi ka , , , ab btao koi or tumhra jooth ha to wo b btaon
bbc why you are blocking christine fair to tell the truth ... shame on you
shivani cannot do like moddy against afgan
mody je u are 50 50 plese save afgan it is wright time , if not u are normal hulva
an appeal to all the countries in the world ... held america responsible for this massacre
#bbcsupportspakistaniterrorism bbc is biased towards pakistan , bbc anchor is a pakistan's spokes person ! shameless
good reporter shabash
salam from pakistan we stand with all muslims
excellent reply brother !
youtube @ k sher ... 84
dont react to idiots . it could be agent of the government . bigger problem is badals . think about that
wah guru dea babbar shera very nice
vakat rahtae jaago . logo aesa na ho yae r.s.s.ka . agenda desh ko gulam kerayaga . aam janta kae saath aao . yae kaam tab hoga jab hum dharam jaat paat sae ooper ooth ker ek ho jaao .
jai jawan , jai kisan , jai bhim & jai savindhaan . modi ' s government is being run by company said rakesh tikait . give just two dose # ( 1st ) - 2022 ( 2nd ) - 2024 . thereafter country will safe , kisan will safe , 85 to 95 will be safe . arise and shine . india as well as foreign countries are with kisan leader & kisan union . all the best .
the stand of sardar gurnam singh chaduni is commendable that is , the whole present political system of our democratic & secular country may be said responsible for harassing the kissans . so that a new party namely all india kissan-mazdoor party should be made by agriculture people for flushing out corporated based politicians by democratic votes .
through bjp out they destroy indian public and farmer's
farmers shud start whole india yatra
we supports farmers
salute to the farmer
r t up sa kio bhaga jai hind
absolutely true don't trust bjp
east india company gone , then new company of talibani godi media and ambani , adani had came to india .
who had come as the status of refugee now they are treating as a shahnsha of india . who are coward and bhagode thinking himself god of india . now the time has come to understand and to do and dietary for the nation .
main talibani sits in delhi and his subordinate follows his orders .
stand with the farmers , bjp party sarkar ko hatao desh bachao
mr . tikaitji is correct . characteristics of taliban : do not listen other , they just torture the opponent .
right
in 2024 mr mk stallin and mrs mumthaji will form new government , thenafter automatically dismissed the 3 dangerous law
jang sy bhagny me america one number america ny world record bna deya bary by abro ho k america afghanistan sy nikla
no one can defeat afgani
talibani talks so politely , well disclipned .
peche nahi chora chor ke bhage
all india is crying ha ha ha
all india is crying ha ha ha
all india is crying ha ha ha
all india is crying ha ha ha
all india is crying ha ha ha
america is screwed by trump and trumpianism ... stupidity of his supporters have simply screwed up any prestige they were left with .
pre-planned scripts is applied and emplemented by us and british rulers by talibani terrorist organisation . so all wrost condition due to both coward , slavege thinker , maker and breaker for afghanistan .
sohail shaheen great
joe biden requested taliban to protect us soldiers .
we people of afghanistan respect and support all of our nieghbours and brother muslim countries including azerbaijan , tajikistan , turkey , pakistan and iran . no one has the right to interfere in our mutual internal matters .
who terrorist , ,
please visit must know channel for latest unboxing video of accenture . like share comment and subscribe channel for more updates . thanks
wear the cloths after washing
you , taliban , captured the government which was elected by people , shame on you you are not less than a terrorist group . future of afghans is in danger now . oh jesus christ , have mercy upon afghans and save them .
why dont we forgive them and give them a chance without western intervention . same goes to nepal too , its a peaceful country please dont intervene . mcc is not accepted by nepalese citizens .
do u give ur minorities equality so y u expect frm others . do sm work .
if this guy remain president for long time .. usa will destroy all it's ally and repo .. no one will trust usa be it india , japan , australia ..
end times research free download ( ) ( ) 4294 : : : <url>
biden is worst president the usa ever had . america and the world forgot all about human right
usa and pakistan has spoiled afganistan
badri 313 foce is number 1 in the world , no one can defeat in the world
rss atanki preshan hen taliban se . rss atankwdi / jaish / isis are brothers .
india is selling nuclear weapons to rss terrorist or anonymous terrorist . bandar k hath main matches ...
#birtisher's gulaam media .
afghani does not united
china's new bio-weapon , road to world war 3 ? , <url>
china knows the best how to deal with peacefuls . every country should adopt xinjiang - uighur model of china to deal with peacefuls .
india is a terrerist country they terrerisem in kashmir inshaaallah at now we see them soon
world no 1 arm force is , badri 313
india is a terrerist country which terrorism in afghanistan they are bombing that resign they are crying inshaaallah
omg talibani warns usa .. by wearing us army leftover uniform ..
bkwas channel
modi boucher of gujarat killed owen people need behind the bar athangveedi
right
great tao
tho tum to sher ho appki bat bhut achi lagi nice voice
very good point my dear
you are right my dear
majority does not believe you
respect for u from kashmir
great
bjp party terrorist party
tum.bat.theek.kar.rahy.ho
put atom bomb on pakistan and taliban
don't believe on fox ...
in logoke pass kye option hi nahi hai bharat ke sath accha relation rakhna hi hoga nahi to sare 72 hoor o ke pass chale jaenge
cut the hand of taliban , and put it in taliban's back
india afghan friendship
pakistan and taliban will join hands for freedom of kashmir ... this time surprise will be unestimated
by making friendship like this , the whole of afghanistan was eaten .
very happy life
no frndship with humankind enemy terrorist , ban pakistan # # # arrest interpol pakistani leader their helping economic and soldie to taliban openly evry body know some day pakistan will be also talibanstan what world do because they got atomic power
most chutiya channel in world
can't trust crooks
you had seen them in pasrt
you can not trust them crooks
never trust them
sher mohamed knows india very well as he stayed in india for long time and it seems he loves india and its people unlike his other colleagues lets hope for the best ..
hi , looking at the atrocities committed on muslims and the dalits , don't you think that indian govt and police are terrorists . bjp and rss are already committing whole lot of crimes . you should look at your own policies . it is shameful for the biggest democracy , which does not exist any more . it is a gunda raaj .
taliban found something beneficial material in india ... in my view
bcc ... i think you put an extra c here mistakenly
don't believe on these coward
pakistaniyon apne allah ki taraf lot jao apne gunaho ki maafi mango or taalibaan se kuch sikho
verry nice
very good news chanel always show the ture news
basically mindset reveals fair enough conduct to go on with better prospect and run governance smoothly hopefully !
good idea to start with but only to keep and believe in the highest degree of education being taliban that advocates honouring coexistence that brings harmony in human realm as does in mega herd prevail in serengeti and savannah ! that makes the earth not less than heaven !
god bless you
news media playing words game ... india want to meet taliban but media showing taliban want to meet india
teacher tell me shocking example of synonyms student : taliban = dosti
whatever was done was done to preserve the.law and order situation as this farmer protests are creating only disturbances and losses to the nation as they are being paid to do all this drama and nothing else and none of them look like farmers but bad guys you see in the hindi movies
v nice govt shld hv done this long tym ago
you would not live to see another had this govt try to follow talibans . in my opinion you should get the same treatment what talibans give to other religious minorities .
mr tikait needs to go to afghanistan to really experience the taliban ! he'll then realise how lucky he is to live in this country !
the idiotic supreme courts still keeps quiet when the thugs fakely representing kisans are misusing their freedom . sc and hc and cji have made a joke of the legal system . corrupt and criminal politicians are roaming free but common man is being brutalised by law .
should respectable news channels carry such rubbish " news " citizens of india are not interested in this
omg , same as when the structure was brought down . why cant we talk & settle ? is it so difficult ?
shocking
if dakait compare properly then , this fake farmers are like taliban .
that sdm is a hero . he showed how to poke a hole in that aalootikki's pot belly . it's ok the gas will disperse soon .
tikait and his anti-national elements in disguise of kisans deserve such harsh treatment ... laatho ke bhoot baato se nahi maante hai ..
hope this strictness was showed by police long back ... late but still it is good
tikait is taliban leader ... who is sitting in the name of fake protest ... who are threatening whole india in the name of farmers protest ... so taliban behaviour is from farmers protesters ...
now all the andha bhakt got official position " sarkari taliban "
the shining shirt on the youtube is fraud do not put any order
can these kind of behavior be tolerated by govt in any country ?
don't like india and are intrested in knowing about taliban must be put on aircraft to kabul and left there to learn about taliban.if indira gandhi was in power no lathi charge but firing directly on fake farmers and certainly hundreds would have been killed.modi government has handled anti nationals with kid gloves to remain politically correct putting national security under threat in this period of pandemic
what farmers ? why are you still calling them farmers ? this is a anti farmer movement ... calling these people farmers is insulting real farmers
its wondering that still this so called farmer man roaming freely ...
rakesh tikait is a criminal poltician leader , when he will be arrest .
they must have been whacked long a good .
only people with brahmanical mindset will oppose farmers . farmers epitomise hardwork .
this protesters contract will end after up election . their aim is to damage the image of modi these protesters are not farmers . contract employees of event management
he is getting money from anti social and national elements
taliban kissan , destroyng peace of nation
the whole farmer protest is a comedy
tikait needs to b put immediately in kabul to know more indepth first hand studies of taliban . what farmers protest something else going on under that head .
mr tikait knows everything about taliban , but as i heard from some politicians and intellectual that taliban is freedom fighter group , they are good so this freedom fighter point also imply to police ?
if modi change to taliban style regime . what will this netas do ?
farmers or terrorists ?
farmer's agitatation welcome in kabul . pack your friends to afghanistan tikiat before 25th sep .
they are not formers , they are anti former elements .
farmer protest became large 1million and now big threat for pjp govt .
taliban khatam karne ke liye duniya ke sabhi bade logo ko saamne se war karna chahiye warna yahi terrorist taliban pure duniya mein failenge ... aa pakistan taliban ko support kar raha hai ... ek time aayega taliban khud pakistan ko marega ...
you can't believe these people .
all europe america israel russia is failed in 20 years war india is crazy
india must help give supplies
please please some other country help punjshir people .
india must send soldiers to panjsir to support northern alliance .
how amrullaah is using net and audio if everything is cut off but amrullaah is not arrested means resistance is onn
how amrullah saleh send audio message when internet and everything is disconnected ... amrullah absconded from panjsher
is this news reliable
taliban are cowards who terrorise only weak , women and old persons . they can not face brave soldiers .
no internet in panjsher where is this man
taliban losse again in panjshir and taliban loss many fighers in panjshir
i can bet that panjshir will definitely fell but after 50,000 to 1,00 , 000 talibani terrorists are sent to hell . more power to panjshir fighters .
why show week old videos ?
panjisher is unbeatable talibans can not win it
tumhare logo nay tumhara nam god i media thek rakha panjsheer m tou internet band hai tou audio kaise release kiya jhooto kal subha khush khabri miljyge jhootoo
the world's number one false indian media valve , you kept barking and the panjshir valley was taken over by the taliban . your false dreams will never come true . you will soon be begging for peace from the taliban .
in india uapa for taliban but in un - taliban is not terrorist - 56 inch .
if he's in panjshir how can he use internet bcoz taliban cut all food or technical supplies to panjshir even amrullah saleh admitted in his previous tweets that all kind of supplies has been stopped
win talban now star time to crying indeon medea
india hv to support panjsheer .. to finish taliban
long live talban isi friendship
pray for punjshir
you indian media are foolish , when taliban leaders decide they will do it until their last soldier die . you hv no idea about taliban . last indian boat of hope sank badly .
bbc is pet of these terrorist groups we never trust this channel
indian army think they can defeat taliban what a joke american army got destroyed and india think iandian army can destroy taliban what a joke by the way hail taliban
bbc is a anti india news supporter
what do chaiwala know about regional geopolitics ? no wonder india is isolated !
bbc islami jehade torrorist ka dalal hai
british broadcast
modi please mind your language .
what the hail the afghans are doing ?
afganistan ko maha raja s ranjit singh ne totally fathey kyea tha .. jiso ko aj american bi . fathey na kr skka ... junno aur jajba khoon me hota hai paise se .. gulam khreede jte hai mard ka original khoon nhi .. jaise for example ... dekh lo haal fully .. govt .. fir bi .. roti ko taras rhji hai inke bhagat . vote dene ble ... pankhu se khush . nhi hota .. honslu se uran hoti hai ...
if it is your internal matter agreed . kashmir is our internal matter then why you people are poking your nose .
taliban khatam karne ke liye duniya ke sabhi bade logo ko saamne se war karna chahiye warna yahi terrorist taliban pure duniya mein failenge ... aa pakistan taliban ko support kar raha hai ... ek time aayega taliban khud pakistan ko marega ... katora khan ko tabhi samjhega ...
ha ha when i heared they warned india
why six days old news are uploaded again .
bharat chahta hai ki talibani satya aur ahinsa ( path of truth and nonviolence ) ke raste pe chale .
fake news
modi ! ! just practice what you are preaching !
we not a american we r hindustani
china welcomed taliban .
why indian are crying its afghanistan internal issue
good sapech
what rubbish is this ? what rubbish questions ? ? as if in the last 70 yrs these women were treated like talibans and now they are free stupid propaganda of yogi and modi this video is
finding any muslim comment are soory unka comment to ndtv dallantop aur quint me milta hai
first one is savage
white shirt wale uncle ko pehle kabul bhejo
palestine pr q bol rhe the sb
some of them not wearing mask . when they will get covid then opposition will say modiji is responsible taliban is on the scene that doesn't mean corona gone
jay shree ram from jharkhand
gaand fat rhe h to ram rat rhe h jai shree ram
jai shree ram
biden has kidnapped , hidded president ashraf ghani and now us planning for bigger unrest in south asia . china ki ya pak ki jiski bhi fatne wali hai fate . hume afghanistan me apna investment dubne se bachana hai if possible aur apne borders as well as internal security maintain karke chalni hai . talib delegation have deals with pakistan they are super suspicious
the taliban are the real heroes of afghanistan ..
victory will always belong to the righteous northern alliance !
afghan must unite and support northern alliance dont let the taliban terrorist control afghanistan , they will destroy your freedom life and culture . exterminate taliban or your will be living in hell .
so now you should ashamed for your fake news ...
bloody hopeless reporting
improved youre enflish tongue before blog in youtube
didi did u note the way ur tommy media slaves were politely chased away from kisan mela in up ?
hehehehheeh times now is spreading lies lol seems these godi media will bring taliban to india
the controlled media cannot stop spewing hate on the afghanistan's liberators .
they have blown up a mountain ! no comment from suhail where the heck is he oop's his trapped with the talibs great news ( comedy lol )
god bless afghanistan may allah bless all afghan people
panjshir is captured by talibans now update ur news kid ...
last thing afghanistan needs is civil war , taliban and northern alliance should sit together and talk about forming inclusive government in which all ethnicity should be included . after the long period of occupation for nearly 40 years first by the soviet union and then by the nato forces . now ' there is nobody to blame but themselves for this civil war . one brother is killing the other it is no islam and you should sit down and talk stop the war immediately both sides .
before the entered , it was a plan by nrf
many of them are pakistan army disguised as talibans
god bless pansjhers be strong god be with you all pansjhers ...
wake up afghans.you have to fight your battle against talibans . no one will come for help . do or die .
those fight super power and he think talbain take over 1 year and take less then one month , , , now they have super power equipment gun all how panjsher is not win is like a nut .. so just make a drama indian news , , other all world some other news only india news other side so funny ... daily give new jokes so first say sorry and guilty what u say 1 month before agaist talban same story now in panjsher ...
gogogo panjshir defeat taliban don't surrender
atleast some portion of land true patriotic people are there . hats off to panjshir lions . now i have realised and understood the reality of israel ... israel full of lions ...
fake news .. with no proves
why india is so scared with taliban ... ? ? ?
they will be sent to hooris for wining dining etc
india slept while pak and china supported taliban advanced . i admire indira gandhi for separating bangladesh from pakistan despiteopposition grom us.we r good at surgical hidden strikes
dear indians if pakistan is sending their troops in panjsher then take it as an opportunity and send ur army to fight but your army will not go as they don't hv the guts to do that . ur army is as hollow as ur pm modi's statements .
good panjshir & god bless you
long live northern alliance
this lady has a terribly thick accent " ttrap " not to mentioned she is a wishful cheer leader
destroy them . all afghan people if want to see freedom on afghan soil again . must take every afghan men woman to join forces with nra to destroy the evil regime . the world needs to join forces with nra to eliminate the taliban from the face of the earth .
you should make a trapped down the hill , so resistance forces can minimize to use their guns and bullets ... panjshir is great strategic position against taliban , so they need guns and bullets to wiped out their enemies ..
don't worry they have tons of us helicopters with them and they will use them to rescue these fighters ! ! they have already flying those helicopters ! !
panjsheer will never yield . god is with them .
the valley of death has become a symbol of resistance all over the world .
taliban soldiers ? ? seriously ? ? ! ! they are terrorists for god sake .. ! !
i haven't seen even a single man in this . and you are claiming 1 thousand got trapped news channels are joke nowadays
times now yeah sure
may god bless panjsheer lions
great tactics : trap these scumbags in their vehicles whilst the heat gives them heat stroke or hot leads when they exit their coffin like vehicles ! ! ! sitting duck shooting season - hope marksmanship is not lacking in the na soldiers ! !
the casualties is the way to beat taliban
media to be changed its vocabulary . in afghan all illegitamate world terrorist groups are grabbing , hence not to use bettalions , forces , soldiers , fighters arrest , minister ... etc.use culprits , gangs , groups , fundamentalists , brutal rapists , women opponent groups , mobs ... etc . unnecessarily media is promoting the terrorist activities to a legitamised manner . media should change its attitude and presentation of the news .
rise up afghanistan fight together against the taliban .. this is the time to defeat the taliban and gain your freedom .
very simple saying hundreds taliban killed . do you think that you are killing talibs but talibs don't kill you ? or you know how to kill but talibs don't ?
god is our helper gives more blessings to the people give them peace god
i pray to god please give strength to resistance go masood and others plz it's ur last hope or other will come a long after plz go kick taliban
our prayers with the northern alliance
fight the barbaric taliban and take back kabul . frustrate them
barbaric fighting
i am totally against taliban , but i cant help commenting negatively on how this channel is reporting .. in almost all your video , it seems that your fooling people .. you put a title that is enticing , but is not the real event in the video , like this one : resistance forces fiercely fights back , and taliban are trapped , , , but the video shows mainly a picture of a mountain which you edited with red circle . nowhere in the video shows fighting , . much less fierce one .. also there is no video and even a picture of talibans that are trapped .. and you just keep on repeating and repeating the same video that shows nothing related to the title of the video .. then you narrated that resistance forces blown up mountain , but there is no such thing in the video , , and wait , , how can you blow up a mountain ? mountain is very huge , how can that be blown up ? and resistance forces will not blow up their mountain because that is their main defense against taliban ... im sorry , but your video - reporting is rubbish , perhaps you just want to gain publicity , and payment from youtube , but honestly , many of your video lack quality , clarity and truthfulness .. try to review and change for good so that viewers will like and trust you .
your news channel dont have sense .. you are calling talibani fighters instead of calling them as terrorists
long live panjshir fighters
i dont understand how they are trapped ? if they are trapped , the resistance is trapped too
needing a live views panjshir ... to day
surrend lol . the alliance hsould kill them give them no mercy
take the f * ckers out 1 by 1 !
no matter how enimies are powerful , how strong , how much support they got . but if ur on righteous path , eventually victory will bestow upon you . it happened in history . it will be in future . i'm in no doubt northern alliance will be victorious least we can do is support them . please donate to their noble cause
hang those taliban fighter . kill them in a viking wway . long live panjshir .
taliban , al-qaeda , when you want came to panjshir by force , bring your coffin with you as well .
dont leave any one alive of the taliban you cannot trust this barbaric terrorists they can overcome you ... they dont deserve to have a second chance to live ... smashed their heads ... no more prisoner to accept .
stop calling terrorist as soldier
oisten times now . talibans are terrorists but not the fighters .
can you show a live pics of taliban trapped in the valley ?
hahahsha endia and northern terrorist both are dreaming . ok no prob .
is she speaking in english or indian
god bless the northern alliance ! ! !
god bless the northern alliance . kill all the so call talaban
blessings , support and freedom to amrullah saleh , ahmed massoud , northern alliance , panjshir people & all the other good honest peaceful hardworking afghan citizens , soon you all will be free and united , 100,000 freedom honest life supporting fighters from around the world will soon join the northern alliance , then lets see what happens to the taliban , ? ? ?
propaganda channel . 99 % truth people seen , just 1 % left and that will be over soon . our neighbours propaganda in national tv channels n here in social media as well all we can say just cry cry cry cry .
we need to air drop guns ammo and supplies to the resistance forces
a day before the news on indian media about a man hanging from the neck on a chopper . that went pretty embarrassing . bow this lol
its gods well that the taliban to trapped .
taliban aren't soldiers , there terrorist
whatever india you have no chance to enter afghanistan again . just cry and cry and think about your investment done in afghanistan all gone in vain .
hahaha .. taliban fighters were f ... ked . taliban never learn lesson as soviet could not win over panjshir then how could taliban win over them eh ?
taliban won that area in advance shut the fake reports
this war is india and pakistan . many ppl dont know . india have seven base in tajikstan . four country know fighting talibani
high five panjshir ! ! ! international forces should be conducting airstrikes against taliban approaching panjshir , as well as against nds locations countrywide . the tb said they would be behave with honor and negotiate in peace to form a new government , and the first thing they've done is attack panjshir and conduct door-to-door executions of former government and ansf individuals throughout the country . friends of afghanistan need to hold the taliban's feet to the fire .
can clearly see they are running away like having a terrible " toilet emergency " ! roflmao ! ! !
the northern alliance fighters must capture as many alive as possible and not kill them . they must show they are not like the murderers that the taliban are .
foolish ppl who dont know india army is inside parshir
he too is trapped ?
foolish news
we support northern alliance
nations please aid northern alliance with weapons and money
the valley of death .. once you go in you dont come out
every day i m praying to god for helping northern allience , from india
president amrullah , the lord jesus strengthens you and your men and through you , god will bring down the taliban and they'll never rise again . this battle belongs to the lord . stand still , don't give up and see his salvation . victory belongs to jesus , and he's extending it to you , president amrullah . hallelujah !
blown up kashmir valley mountains and blown up chicken's neck valley mountains . so that , our union of india foes can't enter .
white them off totally ! ! ! dont take them as prisoners , or they will wipe you off ! ! !
nrf must eliminate trapped taliban because afghan taliban can revolt conspire and overthrow punjshir as ashraf ghani government was overthrown . afghan taliban are untrustworthy .
nobody respects peace anymore .
go get it back india .
india got played like a fiddle ... i can't stop laughing
they are just going to jump in and fly are they ? ? i see that crashing or sold for dope in the future .
how beautiful
why this channel is so bad why you are lying
can someone explain to us who trained these " isis terrorists " to operate helicopters , planes , fighter jets , all different types of military vehicles etc ... ? their training program must be one of the fastest and best .
indian media kia gaand phir jli because they cannot use afghanistan fo terrorism now
india the only apartheid country with israel stile in existence ! ! ! and they speak about freedom , what word we live in ? ? ?
how you fly a helicopter without any blades ?
theyll end up crashing it anyway
these are not mi35 these are old used mi24 supplied by india
india lost billions of dollar in afghanistan . love you isi you won againt raw , nds , cia isi defeated soviet with amarican help isi defeated americans with american help haha
so no one thought to take the helicopter ? brah that would be the easiest thing to take smh
china will certainly help them on how to drive it
i was just watching modi's face at the beginning of vdo
india scared to death what's taliban next mission after defeating russia and america . modi can't sleep
thank you india , please give them more weapons so that they can take control of kashmir as well .
if they capture also how they will fly ... they dnt know how to fly
taliban will win every war untill they believe their shoulder . when they will start believing on machine there is no difference between usa and taliban
i hope they spool it up and try to fly it . ahahaha
i thought 30 % of the afghani are not taliban but in reality whole afghani = taliban .. that is 100 % wtf
why is modi's photo on the thumbnail ? why can't this bloody media just can't put indian flag or ashoka chakra ? why the heck is this old man's photo doing everywhere from covid - 19 vaccination certificate till youtube thumbnail . india gifted the helicopter to afghan , not modi godi
is india giving this to taliban we people of india will not acccept this no vote for modi
yeah but they don't have any pilots to fly these weapons especially the helicopters i can't believe the afgan army didn't bother to fight you have thousands of people who are trying to leave and don't want to live under taliban rule yet they don't have the will to fight the afgan president should be arrested for abandoning his people
who's kick out india from afghanistan
0:33 helicopter main rotors are missing .
send a bollywood hero . problem slove
don't worry this will happen <url>
#sanctionpakistan #sanctiononpakistan #sanctiontaliban
dont need to worry about this . soon bollywood will make a movie and general bakshi ( aka ajay devgan ) will fly it back sitting on the roof lol
* its ok , " abhi-none-done " will take care of afghanistan *
there are so many idiots in this comment section . the average iq here is around 80 ...
haha good luck trying to fly any of these machines or service them .
don't worry it will end up as playground equipment
i salute afghan army who saved the country from bloodshed by avoiding confrontation with talban
jjihad against india now , freedom movements in india need taliban
also indian 3 billion usd wasted . tax payers money . we must ask modi for this money . tery baap ka paisa tha
i dont think it can get airborne though
they have 211 aircrafts approx in total . choppers and jets . yes ! ! ! jets . ffs .
that's not an mi35 that's an mi24 but okay #fakenews
it is seen that islam is the true religion of god allah in the world , which will never end by destroying as much as possible . with so much pressure it has been seen that whenever someone comes to destroy islam , he himself perishes . look today taliban which is nothing , which had no good gun weapon technology anything and now america which considered itself as a very big super power . look at his condition today , it is not worth showing his face to the whole world . and listen to the whole world with open ears . whenever anyone comes to destroy islam , he himself will be destroyed . of course , allah will make the habit of islam to what extent , which is also mentioned in the qur'an . allah has said in the qur'an that no one is a better fighter than allah . subhanallah allah huwakbar
govt should have anticipated and seized them back
time just just wall it off and let them all kill each other ...
next on travel list of modiji is afghanistan waiting to have beef briyani with talibanis
looking like trained through pubg battleground - nesamani
india lost total investment which he spent on afghanistan .. idiot moodi
next india easy to conquer like chicken party
real problem is that book . you know what i am talking about .
hope they don't attack others like they did on army public school , pakistan .
it's all planned .
can they fly it ?
modi looks pissed in the thumbnail
they might have it , but they probably don't know how to operate it
it's like leading a f * * * horse to drink water same thing with a afghan trying to pilot a helicopter
talibans have good pilots than abhifckdone .
modi's farsightedness is this level , when own country drowning in poverty , gifting others for claps
this music of video is copied from pakistani youtube channel " naya pakistan " . khud bhi kuch bna lo
never mind engine issues , it's diffy the main rotor blades , it's not going anywhere
please ask me why taliwanabad a bad attacked to afganisthan
taliban zindabad come on in kashmir and fuck all indian army
thank you for the gift
flying it is another matter .
their technology is shiiit
no matter what they did with u , believe on your hero's like ajay devgan , sanjy dutt , akshay kumar , and someother they will bring all your stuff in just there 1 single movie
if usa try the same thing in sweden as in afghanistan it will actually work .. so the taliban government is more legitime than the swedish one .
they've really got to put some code in that allows them to disable a vehicle from turning on , via a satellite signal
modi has 56 inches or 5.6 inch then we can decide if he go to afghanistan and bring back chopper
in the world that is moving at a record pace that country just stepped back a thousand years
well this aged well ...
never has a media report been so wrong
only a country like china china can safe afghanistan .
could fall in 90 days .. this aged like last month's milk .
americans lost any serious war
you re far off it fell after 3 days not 90 days
flee afghanistan and flee federal government
got it wrong .. ha ha 1 day actually .. keeping being fools with no dignity
what a miscalculation ?
90 days ? i think you meant 90 minutes
this collapse was planned by the communist traitors controlling the white house and congress this handover of us . military high tec weapons technology is payment not to the taliban but to the chinese and russians who have supported and funded these american communists , the ccp is making deals with the leadership of the taliban for america's high tech equipment . this will greatly harm america and its nato partners as well as israel and saudi arabia . this is outright treason by president biden and others at the highest levels of the american government . these traitors inside the pentagon and cia and white house have betrayed america and the free world .
why did india not take it back ? shame
stop this fighting ... country to country .. god is watching us ... if our god jesus christ gets mad .. he show his power god is more powerful than people .. stay safe .. watching from asia country manila philippines
un or what ? in upsc exam we should skip un
well this didn't age well
oops it fell 84 days sooner than we predicted ! !
lol got that one wrong hey
god bless india
modi is making the same mistake that prthivraj chauhan once did when the barbarian thug mohammed ghazni invaded india and was defeated 17times by indian emperor ... and finally ghazni won ... if modi extends an olive branch to afgan refugees ... india will be the next eurabia
shame on you biden ... leftists spineless leader !
hindians have to leave afghanistan
why do i keep hearing veterans talking about how they knew ten or more years ago this is how it would end ? i've got nothing but respect for the rank-and-file in all of the armed forces but you guys have a very exclusive position from which to view things and i guess it's kind of obvious most of us didn't have a clue that they could never unify enough to even identify with the country of afghanistan as its current borders are drawn . first i want to thank you all for serving and then i want to - admonish you for leaving us all in the dark . we could have been out of there 10 years ago had we known the reality of the people on the ground . seems to me a lot of the invested blood-sweat-and-tears the lives lost and the money spent could have been much less . we know you guys aren't in any position to critique your superiors and wouldn't want you to however never hesitate to share some information you have that we do not because we can go stand on that ( capital ) hill and fight for you here at home , but only if it's something we know about . and i'm not trying to make a big issue out of it right now i just wanted to throw that out there for consideration because you guys have a lot of support here ( even though is sometimes hard to tell ) , so you don't have to stick your neck out by yourself , we can help you with that , we want to help you with that , and i just wanted to let you know that . keep us in the loop please just be careful how you do it no reason information sharing like that would have to be anything other than " anonymous "
thanks for taliban to show your agenda
did you mean to say 90 hours ?
i think you meant 90 minutes .
they were doing speedrun
4 din hue hain , already fallen .
not 90 days but within 3 days ... your sources are incapacitated ...
the mistakes are common in india the video tilled it's not 90 it's mistake that they forget [ / 18 ] 90/18 = 5
taliban will fall in 90 days afgan army : not if we surrender soon
90 days ? ? ? ! ? hahhh ! it just took 5 days ! !
shame on u bieden how could u say tat .. ur mess u clean up .. sad for afgan woman's n children ... my prayers to u afgan ppl ..
kabul has fallen today . wion , your 86 days off .
but it's take only 5 hours , what a poor intelligence report and we have seen it few days ago , president biden was saying that taliban can never be occupy afghanistan , intelligence community of america is weak at gourd or they lying to biden ?
fell in 5 instead of 90 lol
this aged poorly .
it has fallen into taliban hands
this didn't age well
i dont get it ... are they extremely dumb or what ? ? 3:10 look at this npc ... firing near a dusty wall ... now he's blind , and can't see shit ... i don't like guns and war , but 1 french soldier can beat 9000000000 0 talibans ... wtfffffff ! ! !
90 days in india = 5 day in the middle east
it fell in 4 days from this report
india donated helicopter without wings ... ghotaala
90 days - it already happened
henry kissinger quote : to be an enemy of america can be dangerous , but to be a friend is fatal . where is india standing
taliban : well we just sped up the process a bit .
hahahahha they won in 9 days . indian apache and dam and all that they invested gone
90 ? more like 5 days . i still cant understand how can so many intelligence agency be so wrong
india is the biggest nd true terrorist country led by one of the biggest terrorist modi
aching in your ... can now be soothed
90 days ? they did it in four . this headline will not age well
90 days ; that was n bit optimistic
it took less than 90 hours :(
where is your investment 22000 million dollars next no india
india must act . if the taliban wins , that would be an extreme security threat to the country .
* you can teach cowards how to fight , but you can't make cowards fight for their own country . *
kabul already fell in just 3 days and it will be follow by another human tragedy as savaged taliban will rule kabul .
the history will repeat again . like al qaeda demolished twin towers , talibans or like that terrorist group will do it again and after that america will invade afghanistan . like a cycle it will go on .
just after 4 day after this video released ... afghanistan was captured ...
it fell within 5 days from the date of above statement
who's here after they've taken kabul and its presidential palace
reality ... only in 3 days of
this one didnt age well
already fallen in less than 3 days
we have to protect our own board they will hit us .
afganistan president move kabul and next number target against pakistan pm president move and pakistan for sale next year 2022 and non muslim country brother india china takeover against pakistan and all 57 muslim country big shameful
this aged well . not 90 days ... more like 90 hours .
90 days . ? ? ? ... they are done ? !
3 months they said . taliban did it in 3 days
update - kabul fell in four days
you guys were dead wrong . it fallen in 3 days .
ladies and gentleman , lets agree that biden is the worst president of america .
no comment , only business going on . survival of the strongest .
the world was full of peace and harmony but then christopher columbus discovered america
aur do china ko apna seaport 99 years ke liye srilanka govt this is the main reason now srilanka is also in debt trap of china now thank god i am proud to born in india and proud of my indian government jai hind this is all because of modijis vision
is the best
gusso or gusso china ke gaand ...
this lesson for sri lanka stay away from china
in spite of helping shri lanka against aggression of litte by india in which our tamilians of indian origins were killed and we lost our prime minister rajiv gandhi , the later govts took all economic help in most of their troubles / calmities from india but instead of india they allowed china to make a platform on their port borders creating strategic military danger for india . they should suffer now , they deserve it . they can't recognise their true friend . pakistan was clear example for them . nepal is also on same track . these countries have not learnt from past .
jai shree ram
is so mean
jay shree ram
torma
sudhir sir you are great apki reporting smjh me ati h
i think aamir khan wife should be sent to afganistan as she is not feeling safe in india
ap phirse history start
so tell me who killed those 5 pople
pray for the afganistan
pls resque all innocent people or send all nations forces
isi ok my pride country deafeat devils syeria iraq sham labnanon people happy
may god save them
add . i miss you so much please kabhi to call karo
! ! u never.ever give . feedback . ! ! quran is constitution . 2 allah talla juleshan is sovereign . 3.khlafat ... not gutter politicians gutter jmoryat gutter assembly gutter judiciary . poor people .. r . back bone .. of islam.pakistan army . u ignore d ... them for 70 years .
everyday at night i always watch your news channel on youtube keep it up and keep uploading your videos on youtube
very sad for afghanistan
millennia carta youtube channel has discussed the afghanistan story comprehensively with quality content .
o my god ... what is happening hww
love to see the indian reaction .
save afghanistan ..
talibaan : ab poori duniya me apna raaz hoga indian army : haha are u telling us . we should proud of our soldiers
thanks to indian army
everyone prey for afghanistan
wahan k log to yahi chahte the ... fir kyun bhag rahe hain ... in logon k liye ek chance hai ... bhag lo
please save afganistan people
proud to be indian
omg we are lucky we born in india
next in bangladesh
thnks for information sir .
literally un is just for increasing the syllabus of class 8th
plz pray for them god please save them
by the way it was a video
it is not problem of any neighbouring country , but it is problem of decreaseing humanity
if it will ever happen in india i will give my best to fight against anyone whether it's most powerful or whatever . help them god
we were waiting eagerly to see this pleasant scene for years and years .
but our 5th pass lipstickbaaz feku lost our all time allies russia
ab afghanistan me peace hoga q ke jews left the country .
afghanistan totally belongs to taliban .. not us army ..
coward america
aur kaho inhe superpower .
american ne afghanistan choda nhi bhaag gae h afghanistan se
america is the main culprit
hope atleast taliban will stop using there guns and bombs after this . and do sthg good and practical for there own people .
america is loser
biden missiles , rockets , halicopters already gift
america - bc
i believe that location of india is much unfavorable in pacific , so dealing with neighborhood is always complicated rather then development .
bbc .. news ... murdabad
my basic doubt taliban is so tough can challenge america ? ? till now i can't believe
isko kahte hain ... " . badi be aabru ho kar hum aapke kuche se nikle " ... america has a great diplomatic and military failure ... a repetition of vietnam ... this reminds the golden rule .. you can not win wars just by technology ... you need .. diplomacy ... and a mission ... and both were missing in american part ... it is entire loss ... and international humiliation ...
finally , the coward has surrender
thank you , good to admire respectively
brutal defeat by taliban to amarica & it's multifacial allies in entire human history
stop india to kill muslims in hindustan and kashmir
can bbc show the faces ... ? wow much afghan people , killed .. ? by usa army in 20 years . how much children , women , oldmen , citizens killed by usa army in 20 years .. ? and what is position in iraq ... ? azarbaijan . ? barma . ? palatine and kashmir .. ? what un united nations is doing .. ? have muslims no rights .. black can't breath ? poor people have no right . ? small can not live .. ? just think ... ?
america defeated
shameful defeat
never trust america , afgan people who support american are left alone on their own in the mercy of terrorist . this shows real face of america . #peaceforafgan #americathesnake #innocentpeoplelifes #fearedamerican
un and world need to be united and should focus they news reporting on india to enlighten modi / bjp / rss atrocities on minorities . world leaders should help minorities in india and prevent atrocities on minorities by modi led bjp dictatorship and hindutva rss / vhp / bajrang dal terrorist organization . its shameful on a big country like india , which ignores / threatens minorities in the broad day light in the heart of the country . this is a black mark on the media houses and constitution of india , who are the spectators of wrong doers . can india prove to the world that its a democratic and secular country ? india should apologize the minorities for not protecting they dignity
america vah bhi taliban se haar sharm hai aise powerful country par
congrats ..
goodbye american
good decision by usa . . now , lets them to fight between citizens of their own country .
terrorism and danga based politics / dangawadi criminal leaders in any country should be criticized / opposed by the people of all nations .
and the rats come out of hole ... the master planning of us
indian media should focus on child abuse.poverty rape cases.and lot in india
i love my india
i love my india
the first time i will be a thing is i will be able the first to comment the other side of things to go to go to go to go to review the attached file of the only thing that i can get it is a
we the people of the world , request to the un general assembly , all the civilian life save from afghans and leaves the taliban alone
we proud to be an indians
jay hind india
we are bless that we are born in india
india the powerfull country
yhh fack news spread krr rhe h
abe indians ko return toh bhejneedoo talibani pressure mee aana koi easy baat nahi hai
india is the best
bo
don't worry we all are indians
ye bharat he kuch bhi bolo
great thanks so much vr sporting farmer hard-working people and small business
nice and brave neta harvinder tau ji
i feel kisan leaders have crossed all the limits . government needs to tackle the situation in good faith .
feku media meaning what ? ? ? any body should explain in english ? ? ?
this channel never fail to surprise me . after covering for more than 2 weeks just about taliban and how bad they are . now they are trying to potray them as some sort of changed taliban . because their akka has told them that deplomatically india has no option left other than to negotiate with taliban . as no country will want to be single enemy when pakistan and china has already joined hands with taliban and that's totally fair from indain govt . taliban was a terrorist group and always will be one . so , don't potray as if they have changed .
ese kehte hain thook kar chatna
justice for sabiya saifi
tu tadaq anchor shows cheap journalism as supreme court judgement news channel protests a dangerous ideology against a particular religion and ts fallowers shame shame on you
good discussion
we have heard enough of taliban , talk about real issues that effects indians . godi media diverting and fooling indians
in future india will be split first kashmir second khalistan third jhard kand forth tamil nadu
congress k tym pe to bhai asman chuu rha tha apna india
aaj phir taliban daily search dangal for good topic debate but again close video without watching
what a headline .
to hiding their failure , now giving excuses about hindu , sikhs safety ...
still we hope the mainstream media will come india and talk about our nation issues ...
godi media please , your not showing the crisis of covid and not showing the hike of petrol-diesel . oil prices . i request from godi media please focus on covid . in 2020 you wear talking about the ssr case whole day and not about covid . so godi media is responsible for not talking about covid and hike prices . all they want to talk about taliban and only taliban . and they also want money . all you want is money that's all i dislike your video
it is late in god's house but it is not dark . i believe that i too will have many subscribers one day and many people will support me .
warlordsss ? ! * in my soulja boy voice * how are they warlords and they ran away from the taliban ? they're officially pussclords .
i bet they would pay me good for working on toyotas ! throw in a few wives and i bet set !
japanese congressman want to recognize taliban following china . japan is china . japan always want to take winning side . today taliban , tomorrow depend on who win there . japanese government want afghans who helped them to come by themselves and leave their family . they call them humanitarian . lol
don't surrender to taliban they can take your lives !
afghan army has no balls
looking at the speed they conquered it feels like taliban like the covid delta variant . afgan govt preparation is like indian preparation for covid
those are hummers are $ 300k each . those are american homes driving around . why didnt we blow this shit up before leaving . we knew agghan military was gonna fikd soon after we left . it was suspected many were taliban affiliates .
" lol ... did you know my elohiym is going to destroy the majority of california ? i have warned you all about this but yet nobody seemed to give ear to my warnings and now here we are . y'all can't depend on propergandas no more , y'all will see who is in charged of the whole world . yahusha isn't playing y'all game's . y'all will see too soon , who we are "
countless videos on line of drugged up and just not up to the job , zero heart in it .
there's no afghans army existed ? maybe thousand not hundred of thousands as said . afghanistan government are proxy corrupted making fools of the citizens now diverting the issues to taliban conquering afghanistan .
unbelievable ! ! they are all drug crazed illiterate people who didnt have the cognitive ability to learn from the us solders .. the solders said that if drug testing was mandatory for them 3/4 of them would be gone ..
afghanistan finna get doomed if they try conquer other countries i can see it happening
this is some military ntr
why is the warriors of afghanistan giving in like this aint they they graveyard of empires maybe its just because of the terrain
praise allah hallelujah the holy man of the taliban , the original descendants of afghanistan tells iran news about the sex trafficking of the western nations & how they deliberately falsely accuse the taliban of such things . the uk / usa has murdered over 10 million of afghanistan people's as well as cherokees of north america , they are lying on the holy men of god , the taliban ... usa genociders blatantly lied on the taliban ; usa government terrorizes & brutally tortures people daily who are cherokee indians , oneness apostolics , & muslims ! ! ! death to america slavetraders ! !
taliban they are true defenders of afghanistan
the media needs to stop lying . the taliban are not terrorists
afghan forces chose not to die for a corrupt government / corporates who don't give a crap about them . sounds like they're alot smarter than us and nato soldiers .
the ana has no well to fight their enemy , they are defending to the us forces .
can no one explain why usa did nt stop taliban even when they where withdrawing and saw the talibans approaching fast ?
wait for china to receive a terrorist attack , cause you know .
guess what ppl , americans were never possibly going to " win " there . atleast not with current rules of engagement . it's like the 2020 election , ppl who play by the rules lose always and regardless of numbers or effort . americans were there as a distraction for the other middle eastern countries that would be getting attacked . remember they are the " police " of the " world "
everyone with half a brain would have seen this since before their gov got supplied by americans equipment . it might sound bigotted but some ppl will never trust another persons after they had plenty life experiences teaching them otherwise . and this is called survival and caring for one's own interests . ppl who cant learn to live with it are the unfit exposing themself for distaster . look at the common denominators , it's not rocket science . if you ignore your life experiences in favor of ideology , you are betraying your gift of life .
their corrupt gov want's jihading terrorists to succeed so badly they are even willing to give up without a fight even if it means their own destruction . this is what bankers want for all countries in the world . fyi . remember defund the police ? you know what's next , defund the army
bull the smart warlords have been rearming and beefing up there mountain strongholds
life is but a vapor ... as the bible says ( james 4:13- 16 ) i've seen pictures of this general during his prime , looking healthy and strong . his life ended like this . no one knows when our last day will be as much as we hope to plan ahead . think about and seek answers for what comes next . if your honest about the outcome , i can tell you , the answer is jesus . a relationship starts with a solemn seeking and prayer asking him into your life . if you are uncertain jesus is god , seek and ask him and he will break all your doubts . to be saved : beliece that the work jesus did on the cross ( his death and resurrection on the 3rd day ) is sufficient to cleanse you of all your sins for those who accept him as savior and repent ( turn from ) their sins and follow him .
is c dad ?
this channel provides a very fact based and objective news reporting !
soon changes will coming on countries before whom needs fighting eachothers countries to selling arms products it's over great leadership coming soon each and every countries friendships also not suitable leaders gone from here automatically people lifestyle will be change and peacefully living with own families .
hard work never killed anyone , but the afghan army's not taking any chances !
the world hasnt seen a total capitulation , no will to fight , in like , what , 81 years or so , right ?
the equipment you see them using including humvees belonged to the afghanistan military .
* proof that you can teach cowards how to fight but that you can't make cowards fight for their own country . *
please remember why usa invaded in the first place before saying it was all " pointless "
war is part of the faith , death is part of the faith , life is part of the faith . yet life seems so meaningless to them .
mind ur language sir they a owner not tarriost 20 years they w8 for that feel the fleeinga now n don't cry my love
afghanistan the most useless military .. in the history of 21st century
no trained army , no airforce , no navy , no advice equipments and knowledge , afgani force 3lac in number will trained and equipped with advance technology and weapons and they fell to few k ppl with basic arms and ammunition , how is this possible
cowards ! they just let those savages take over the country without a fight ... they didn't even try !
taliban =/ = terrorists so what they fought against an occupying foreign government for 20 years and their puppet government so that makes them " terrorists " ? what garbage reporting . look , i don't like their ultra-conservative muslim philosophy , but to so casually throw around labels like that is journalistic malpractice . al-qaeda attacked the us on 9/11 , not the taliban and we must be smart enough to understand the difference .
this is by far the most useless army and what a joke . i do respect that small number of army resisted the taliban but the others ? ? useless .
they never had the will to fight , such a waste ! !
they folded like a hot mars bar ... pathetic ...
same will happen to indian army in kashmir
this is what corruption does to a nation .
afghanistan are cowards unable to fight their own wars
broke the agreement to share power with the afghan government and people are supposed to trust them ? lol
oh god punished those evil terrorist .. in jesus name
the taliban is islam in its purest form . they have the perfect interpretation of the quran and hadiths . i guarantee you , that your favorite western imam will lose an argument about islam to a taliban imam ( if they are both great speakers and debates ) .
taliban is tricking the resistance , , taliban is silently as a amicable approach but , , this is just a pretending action ,
cavemen in pyjamas ... i feel sorry for the christians over there
and what really gets me african people all people of color we have been hung beaten killed shot burned hard on us and we fought to be free and lot of us is here in america a lot of us sincere in a lot of countries with educated we have nice homes some of us a millionaires billionaires we didn't get that way by not fighting back and these people in this country if they can't understand how to get up and fight for their country then they're going to have to deal with the people that they have in the country and try to make an understanding and try to come together and work something out
ima pray to god for thanking him i dont live there
i live in oman and i'm hindu citizen there and yes it is most peaceful community in islamic world ... more peaceful and ur nation , at least in oman dailts won't be attacked ... most peaceful is my nation ... has ur mother not taught to see this ... come to central asian muslim nation ... how peacefully they live ... i have another nation ... uae , world's most peaceful and also safest nation in world ... and abu dhabi has 1000cr temple ... come to abu dhabi we will give u toliet cleaning job and also u can see how peaceful is my nation . u see afghanistan ... hindus never bother to see my nation oman but insult us ... what can u expect from religion where dailts r thrid class . one thing is common it was usa who created taliban and it was usa who supported pakistan ... central asia muslim nation live peacefully only because usa is not in it ... tell me one nation which is in choas were usa is not in it keep ur hindu ass in ur india ... as if ur toliet paper gods r peaceful ... while world is talking on innocent women and children ... u r busy laughing at them ... that's how hindus r shamless and u people never give up insulting my omani fellow brothers ... keep ur ass to india ... u will bring ur caste and communal to my nation oman one day
i think ww3 will start
it makes no logical sense the way you see it in the news . the taliban have support from the locals from the tribes , even the military prob supports taliban that's why they just run away they want them to take over . we literally saw a tribe leader support taliban publicly that's how it works they have political power they have religious power and they have the support of the people . that's why there was no fight . people just want to be lead to someone that shows strength . it's the only way it make sense . same thing happened with isis in iraq . people didn't even fight . it's not cause they were afraid or demoralized , they had nothing to fight for some even supported isis .
just makes american look soft . the spent 20 years and lost .
if american take serious all taliban clearly death but american take it easy but coming talibans terrisam attack on american
we wasted trillion of dollars to train the afghan soldiers and just surrender to taliban ! !
i blamed this on biden , i don't know what's your guy's opinion but to me , he just destroyed a country and brought back terrorism for the people who lived there . also , china is taking advantage of afghanistan , there will be a big war in the future , very soon .
unfortunate that the afghan military surrendered to the taliban . their us training was almost complete as they were going to finish up with some sensitivity training on gender and equity .
no matter what they do they dont have a nuclear weopon .. if they attack the us again they will all be wiped out since they are already out in the open .
jesus christ is coming back so soon ! i pray you repent and turn from your wickedness ! put your faith in him alone , there is no other !
all afghan support taliban to vanished the kleptocracy made by usa who steal the oil
we have them our sloppy seconds to make it fun to make them think they have a chance
all we would have to do is drone theyre asses
congrats to trump & biden for doing what should have been done under bush .
now us will pay tribute to their loser army in hollywood . taliban move on
not terrorists but victors . they will soon conquer delhi also .
even americans and british surrendered to the taliban and ran away
afghan army doesn't even have the will to fight .. i think they joined the army for the salary and good benefits .
let's pay china to drop bunch of their infected bats on em . they're great at eliminating people with a virus .
i feel like it's time for countries like india and pakistan should take action against the taliban . because these countries are the one who is close to afghanistan and might suffer the most and maybe just maybe there might be hope for those people who are abandoned
there may be support for the taliban too
the mess which usa made is the result of taliban . and people of afghanistan are now suffering . president left the country .
the talibans are not the terrorist . the us invade the afghanistan . get your new correct
they don't surrender . they just made agreements .
the people of afghanistan were the most unfortunate people in the world for having such coward army who don't even have the guts or courage to at least try defending themselves when they have the most advanced military equipments which are also currently used by the us military with them . they have no right to blame any other countries ; the us , the uk or the nato after all they have done to help protect their nation for all these years . this is the outcome of their cowardice and they deserves it .
why reports called them terrorist ? ? taliban is the people of afghan ... the real terrorist here is the u . s . a becoz in 20years afghan is under control of u . s they taking advantage on there resources ... never surrender fight for ur country
taliban is evil
its better to die than be a coward .. i am proud of my great grand father and all those gorkhali who protect us from britian during war . if they surrender like afgan forces then there would be no nepal . jay gorkhali jay nepal
plz pray for them especially for the woman , because they are suffering the most
believe me taliban is isi stooge so pakistan have full control of afghanistan ! it is not good news for india ! we should worry for future insurgencies and terrorism in india .
what happened to afghan airforce ?
indeed faith can move mountains
nothing a few a - 10s couldn't clean up in a week .
the us let them win so that they can have more excuses to continue on with endless wars . $ $ $
usa has again completely miss read the exit strategy , by not having one . shameful behaviour and poor local afghans . i suppose china is next ( to invade or welcome them )
csgo terrorist win
when i saw islamic state in toytas and taliban in humvees i knew that they are supported by usa , what a shitty country .
next sunday , the fifth wave ! the sunday after |
at this rate they could take control of all of afghanistan in a matter of months literally the next day they took the capital , this video aged well
terrorsit are the us troops .
what a waste
now usa will never think of helping india in afghanistan . u can only cry cry cry n cry .
there is no clear matter of taliban . panjshir war .
most important for national security : - national border ko laser attack system se sealed karavo .. laser attack coverage from pakistan / china / nepal bhutan tak zamin ke niche + upper aakash + zamin par hona chahiye pl convey this message to modi ji . jai hind
jai shree ram
hamare kabil army n sofisticated ammunation kidhar hai ?
biden . is to a true taliban thats why he gave large quantity of ammunition
pok
teenon mein se ek to jhutha hai
chapal chor ..
kishan is great job
kishan is great job
i am proud of kishan
bhrat bachyo party bjp
this is why the right to * all * speech exists . this is why hate speech does not exist . period
now these barbaric terrorists are ministers in afghanistan . our world is getting weirder with each passing day
with or with court , he will be killed under islam sharia laws ...
cmic ? i love comics . i guess comic is too modern for the talibans .
what happened to all is forgiven ?
in a new republic , of course they had a comic also be a police officer . think about the founding of the usa . our founding fathers were an oddball group of tradesmen , soldiers , entertainers , and so on . could have been the new republics ben franklin well known for his political satire and fart jokes . its such a shame a nation that had so much potential to create a successful afghan republic and with that eventually a stable government , self governed state .
it's the time to think about religion is it from god or satan . look how innocent he is looking but quran have no mercy it is cruel and teaches killing only
heard one australian soldier asked if it was worth it ? he was from 2nd commando regiment holsworthy . and he said i wasn't in to this nation building stuff . we managed to kill around 13 thousand of these cowards who slaughter women and children , and old men , as we just saw , between 2004 - 2010 . and he said that is 13 thousand of these bastards who won't be doing that no more , so yeah it was worth it .
same time us said coordination with taliban possible .
religion of peace strikes again
well . thats it . i can handle our troops being killed , but not a comedian .
the biden administration should be ashamed of the way that they went about any of this they should have never left afghanistan and they sure shouldnt of left all of these people stranded and yes i stay stranded even though they dont want to say that its stranded theres a three year old california boy his pregnant mother who was kicked in the stomach by the taliban in hiding we just learned today that a whole church women and children were murdered by the taliban i am ashamed of my president i am ashamed of his administration and all that are behind this whole thing they should be ashamed of them selves
rabiya saifi , a 21 - year-old muslim woman , and civil defense officer were brutally raped and stabbed to death in the indian capital , but the hindutva radicalized indian government is silent .
it did not take long for the religion of peace to start killing people and raping women and children
30th july ? ? ?
taliban doesn't know anything about good behavior all they know is killing here n there ..
zealots of any stripe are the worst of fanatics ...
looks like taliban were born out of pigs and dogs through surrogacy , these men cannot be born out of women ! !
taliban are not afghanistan backing . more death on biden
comedian ? ? ? seriously ? ... he used to do his comedy over the dead bodies of the martyred mujahideen and he was involved in pedophilia and other heinous crimes , may he now burn in hell for ever , takbeer : allahu akbar
it's their kind of humor and entertainment . i can see why biden are best friends with them now .
don't think biden even know what goin on ... altimerze
if this is the way , taliban is going to end very soon .. they are not islams ... what is qatar role in taliban .. if so ban qatar too
so much for afgan got tallent ...
flase news
theres a special place in hell for those who kill people who bring people joy
disgusting ipocrits
afghanistan should have been left alone from the very beginning : starting with the russians .
anas please be carefull
autocracy is mere selfishness . religion and communism and socialism only arrange words to pocket it . the contents have nothing . it is the same as an infant .
why are they beating an old man ?
this killing is the curser of end of islam .. s it's true.future peaceful humanity
can we sent all the hollywood people there
why does the world still consider , this rubbish religion of satan with no bases to still continue existing , islam must be banned across the glob
we will be invading again . biden wants this so his friends will get rich
so funny , we never heard of him
2.2 k comments isnt that much to wars about compared to a total country or people so better to shut up guys
imagine how scared he is right there
just stop trying to exploit the wrong , and the right for being innocent ! ! ! these idiots will never get the concept ! ! !
not so comedic anymore when your peaceful religion is taken by its word , huh ?
wallah , comedian will have his last eternal laugh in jannatullah while disbeliever munafiq are going to suffer in jahannam , stagfirullah . om nama allah .
they say they want peace with the neighbouring countries and expect the world to trust them while they haven't kept a single promise they made until now . a religion that justifies killings but bans music , comedy or any other form of basic rights ! are there two versions of quran ? because half of the muslims are extremely kind , peaceful and pure then there's this other half of uncultured people .
stupid people get what stupid people do ... nice checkpoint where they leave people through without even checking ... the idiots ... not knowing they are taliban and smuggling bombs or weapons in there ...
taliban should be murdered
the apologists in the west for this religion , should be shown this , this is the true face of the religion , the taliban are just practicing their religious beliefs , the people in the west who point to the those living in the west , say that they are peaceful , should realize that they will do the same thing if given the opportunity ,
for 20 years , the people of afghanistan have been as tolerant of the taliban , as chicagoans are of gangs . uncomfortable as it is for us to process this , we must respect their choice .
but they came to form a peaceful government i thought ...
the well known sahabi and joker al-nuayman ibn amr didn't get executed for his way worse jokes nor his alcoholism and yet the taliban claims to know about islam ?
tears
with buffoon joe biden get ready for more of this . they just executed a musician !
as expected from cia funded taliban terrorist and mossad funded bjp rss terrorist
" if that was the case he should have been killed after a trial " . this is what a fellow actor said . oh , thank you for your empathy and solidarity ! my dear lord ...
they say nazar mohammad was roasting his executioners the entire time . that's thug life , keeping it 100 .
where is the human rights in this situation the nation should not tolerate this kind of barbaric attitude of taliban . they are so dangerous women have no rights and young women children force to get married to their fighters . praying that the u . s and other countries will be united to fights against their terror acts .
who created taliban originally almost forty some years ago ? just think about !
flags of when afghans were freerer
his speech was deemed offensivesee how the authoritarian hate speech nonsense works . whats offensive to you isnt offensive to others .
yo the reporter tho
these taliban are humorless . always angry , loud , and infringing on other people's self-expression .
now thats funny mohammed
if you want a peaceful life kill all the psychotic islam in this world
taliban butchers ...
just nuke them
isn't sharia law applicable for these bastards who kills people ... doesn't they deserve to be beheaded for their killing under the same sharia law . these morons have no knowledge of the religion just uses it as their comforter .
what do you expect for peoples who sold their neighbors and family for dollars the last 20 years
taliban is evil , islam and its ideas are pure evil ! ! !
soccer fields back to to executing woman for " adultery " oh the good old days . taliban are murderous barbarians with no honor .
peaceful people engaging in the peaceful routine
two slaps from taliban ... poor comedian .
taliban the monsters created by pakistan , usa and saudi arabia ( devils created devils ) . rip both the victims .
obama has his hands into this afghanistan debacle
well well , somebody succeeded in raising a clash .. well done humans ...
that was a good ass murder , they slapped him up & everything ... we need more militants in society & less clowns ...
he got slapped in the face
you were the greatest legend !
islam is the scum of the earth if we killed all billion of them the rest of the world would stand up and clap
thanks to biden
they're not human beings
the biggest joke right now are the taliban ! twenty years later , they still cannot figure out what god wants of them and how to keep him happy . this is what happens when you are ignorant and violent and still think you are holy ... holy crap ! that's what their heads are full off !
the taliban cannot be trusted their word means nothing they have no integrity they do not value life the after the bombing yesterday yesterday an american citizens were killed to me that's the end of the line for the taliban we need to send troops back in there and we need to wipe the city clean of this scum
islam and pests will be terminated soon .
why did they kill khasa . ? was there any reason . ?
they have no right to kill that guy they will be accountable for what they did to him on the of judgement
stop lying he was not . he was a warlord the he committed heinous crimes against innocent afghan .
bet the cia are funneling weapons to the taliban . the cia built the terrorist training camps back in the 80 ' s . code name tim osman better known as osama bin ladin was the procurer of saudi fighters for the cia . he never controlled al cia duh . the cia controlled al qaeda .
what about the 20 + afgan soldiers , murdered after surrendering .
12 time kisan ka sath meeting kom kiy tha ? congress taliban mindset is dangours our country
mr . imran khan is honest man , he truly deserves to be prime minister of pakistan . he is right about taliban .
no we are heading for india
did you see the guy waving at the camera , did he look like he was panicking ?
this is not real , they have cut the parts in between the whole video . watch full video .
imran khan is trying to bring sharia law in afghanistan by banning ladies from work and schools but doesn't know that his home town peshawar is the center for adultery sex and mujra the thing that happening in pakistan even not happening in las vegas america which is called sin city shame on you . can bring sharia law in pakistan
<url> pakistan under cover news
hypocritical pakistan in 2001 , pakistan provided a military base to the us military for billions of dollars to overthrow the taliban government in afghanistan and kill innocent muslims . hypocrats first , free your pakistan from begging for america , british , china , russia ... please read the history of pakistan . from the day hypocrats pakistan was born it started asking for help from the us and uk and now china . what is slavery ? your constitution is the constitution of the united kingdom . your official language is english . when america and other western countries help pakistan you don't concern about the islam . when they help afghanistan , you call the afghan government infidels . you know who is a disbeliever ? in islam and who is a slave ? hypocrats when america stopped giving you charity you cried for beging from america and the rest of the world . what do you think about china and russia ? are they muslims ? allow your pakistani taliban to enforce sharia law in pakistan and rid pakistan of the ideology of america , china , russia , united kingdomand other infidels ... let pakistani taliban raise their islamic flag instead of your national flag . hypocrats
taliban are our friends .. and are pathans .. and we pathans are all in the world .. ham pakistan ma bhe ha india ma bhe or afghan ma sab he h .. so don't care
he must invite them to form govt in pakistan too
imran modi alliance is over.go conquer your hills.you are caught by m . o . i corrupts.dontb talk about catching and throwing shoes again.allah knows you are as crafty as an arab .
fuck off haters
who had been fed by western ngo's to combat the total loss of harvest in the last 2 or more years . it will be interesting to watch how that is to be distributed to the needy
when you are so much in favour of the new government in afghanistan , you will not mind to feed the ordinary citizens , 70 % of the population , by western ngo's
india is also mentally slave of westren world .
i dont get this speech of imran khan is he saying that they broke slavery chain but still slave of mentality and that is why not going to grow ?
yes because the government officials . were appointmented by us ! afghans are never happy with foreign interference nor can they accept it - not british , not soviets , nor usa .
once a legend said india is the biggest looser in afghanistan .
instead of blaming usa and russia for fucking up this country , blame this guy .. exactly what they want you sheeps to think . fucking morons . learn some fucking history before you comment . taleban are afghans as well . let them sort this shit out . if afghans have no balls to go against the talebans fuck them . who the hell is bush and biden to send us to get killed in the name of war corporations that profit from it .
what you have to do with ik pm modi have no news or any thing that you should briad cast btw thanks for broad cast our pm the great leader of world everyone in india also admitted but some rss ideology and nagtive mind sets are barking due to burn .
imran khan has praised the taliban for breaking the chains of slavery ( gulami ) . if that is the case the afghan population should be ecstatic and flinging flowers at the incoming taliban soldiers as the french population welcomed the free french and allied soldiers after the liberation of france in wwii . will imran khan explain as to why thousands of afghans are trying to flee the country ? thousands of afghans are thronging the kabul airport , border gates of the neighboring countries , resistance in the panjashir valley , and the cities rising up about the national flag . so , where is great welcome for the conquering heroes that imran khan seems to be so taken with ? s m qureshi is visiting different countries to obtain international recognition for these blood thirsty cut throats . pakistan will have lot to answer .
hahaha if taliban are terrorist then y ur papa america dialogue with them
we can understand indias pain .
world fakest new indian media pathetic and self pity
lovely to watch this guy putting hands in the ass of indians , waaao !
says the guy who is literally owned by ccp . lmao !
imarn said that so he can set fire in india's ass look thats has just happened ... indias ass is deeply paining
i am amazed at such sinister incessant propaganda by ht against ik . it means ik is on the right track . now i understand why mughals kept your ancestors slave for centuries . one can't expect sanity from a society who chose modi as their pm !
us should have invaded pakistan the terrorist country
bravo ! ! the enemies of islam are very angry at this !
rss is a terrorist organization
taliban are not terrorists but defender of their homeland.india is terrorists state killer of innocent kashmiri people .
imran khan is a class man
you gave president palace on rental you have nothing even your ass of course you gave it on rental to chinese long back .
i respect every country but mr . imran khan prove that not everyone deserve respect
pashtoons love imran khan !
and so the fun begins . i am so happy biden pulled us out of that s * * * hole of afghanistan . now we can watch the whole region meltdown like a giant pit of writhing snakes
" if you ever feel useless , just remember , usa took 4 presidents , trillions of dollars , millions of lives & 20 years to replace taliban with taliban . "
we can understand your sorrow and pain . you have spent your whole life in the lies of the media and you and yet your media does not lie because there is always the curse of allah on lies and you will always be in humiliation .
india was funding ttp ( tehreek taliban pakistan ) since india has left afghanistan ; not a single attack on pakistani soil ...
he will work hard to " take out kashmiris " from indians slavery ... insh allah
this was taken out of context
imran khan has not praised the " taliban takeover " at all . he has asserted multiple times including very recently , that there should be an inclusive government in afghanistan in which all factions of the afghan population have their due representation . when he used the words " breaking the chains of slavery " he was referring to the withdrawal of foreign military troops from afghanistan . because he has always maintained that afghanistan should be governed by afghan people themselves , therefore , the us must end its military occupation and all foreign military forces must withdraw from afghanistan . that would be the only way to end this years-long conflict . if you listen to him properly over the years then you can easily find out that he has always been of the view that " there is no military solution in afghanistan " but at that time , so-called intellectuals of the western media didn't bother to listen . in fact , they ridiculed him as " taliban khan " . but today all the countries including the us with all its arrogance and might have agreed to the same conclusion that " there is no military solution in afghanistan . "
calling the taliban terrorist wouldn't make them one .
taliban has broken shackles of slavery , very true statement .
i believe there is good and bad everywhere around world , i only support humanity .
this guy supports taliban in one breath ... and opposes rss on the other which is committed to the welfare of a billion people living in india
imran khan used to wear all modern clothes married foreign nationals , studied abroad and talks this shit .. joker kahi ka
he is hand in hand with the chinese now .
please hindustan times don't call taliban terrorist because their creator will mind it and will make it angry and do u know who is the creator of taliban , , so for ur kind information it's usa who create taliban , , why world media have no courage to told the america that u create taliban against russia and called them freedom fighters and u r responsible for what happening in afghanistan today , , such a hypocrite world media is
obviously hes one among the talibans . no doubt . cowards
this guy have forgotten where is the actually from . the only way to bring peace in afghanistan and get rid of taliban is to get rid of pakistan wipe them out from the face of the map
on one hand he praise taliban saying taliban breaks the shackle slavery of america in afghanistan but when he was interviewed by pbs news he said the opsite by imphasising military sulotion is not possible even though taliban and american proved him wrong it was
i hope he will support " tehrik e taliban pakistan " also !
he already is pissing & pooping in his pajamas due to the taliban's fear ... that's why he sent an isi agent to meet the leader of the talibani militant group . wait you namard ... it's only the matter of time that taliban will soon capture many states of pakistan
can someone remind these indians about their history ? have they forgotten who ruled them before the arrival of europeans ?
one can at least admit that the occupying western foreign military has finally been chased away from afghanistan . now how taliban hopes to govern the country and what afghans expect from them is their issue .
tf this is independence of afghanistan then people who were trying to get into the rescue plan was fake . rashid khan tweets for help was fake or he is not from afghanistan . terrorism is synonyms of pak and taliban
they are not terrorist . they just want foreign occupation to end , and what is wrong with that ?
khan is right
hell on earth full of demons = pakistan , afghanistan .
why can't indians be just bothered building toilets and sanitary for its citizen in first place ?
this rubbish will go to hell
shame hindustan time
shame india
mr.imran khan , if this is the case , and you talking of slavery , then why in 2001 your country , your leadership gave the air fields to us forces , you guys made every logistical support for the usa , in fact you supported usa in every possible way , this clearly means you helped usa to make afghan her slaves , this clearly means that you are two faced nation and always have played a double game . in muslim world pakistan is hypocritic state
political world leader imran khan
world
i thought you're educated but you're jaahil . nobody should be anyone's abba okay ! let afghanistan be led by afghans . they aren't stupid to have started rushing out of afghanistan , they have witnessed brutality , they know the truth more than you and i . so you mr.imran keep your sermon in your pocket !
their next target is kashmir
dude start worrying about keeping your country safe first . no one will be exempt from talibans terror .
this video is another meaning for idiot
taliban flags or flying in islamabad grave danger to imran khan . a talibanised nuclear pakistan is a grave danger to india
when will u talk about ur hindutva sangh which or rising terrorism in india .
sudhir choudhary sir is really great
sach nhi pta to channel band krle
when will you talk about farmers protest
i think aamir khan wife should be sent to afganistan as she is not feeling safe in india
america is the founder of taliban .
choudhary sir aap desh k top patrakar ho jaihind ...
teen minutes me hi sb kuch bhut achha report h , concise aur perfect .
the violent breed - terror ... that's what islam teaches to them it seems !
it means i'm also taliban bcoz i'm student
sudhir chaudhary sir great job
usa is dangerous than taliban , us created all terrorist organization those are spreading terrorism all over the globe .
long life pusto basha
taliban means students ? had he teri news anchoring pe
earlier pakistan was fighting a war in afghanistan on behalf of the americans . this time pakistan is fighting a war in afghanistan as proxy of china . - - -
now you strat speaking truth
i think it's wikipedia
your knowledge in fauls
great analysis
bakwas news channel
be strong physically and mentally , love your country , don't tolerate insult of our country in any situation
america is the suppliers of weapons to talibani , antankwadi , supply arms is roji roti of america
they were w
tum logo ka jo bap ta wo bhag giya afghanistan se . ab to tumhe mirche lage go .. dosre ki fikar choro.apne awam k liye toilet pehle banaw
america's fails
' ' ' any school and college student here ' ' '
2 . in quran , insan ( people ) word mentioned total 65 time . one by one equipment for making insan ( turab 17 + nutfa 12 + alaq 6 + mutgah 3 + idgam 15 + lahm 12 ) = 65 times . equipment : ( soil ; very little part of semen ; embryo ; small mass ; bone ; flesh )
20 . surah hadid ( iron ) magic 3 : the arabic word " hadid " total numbering point is (8 + 4 + 10 + 4 )= 26 indicates total proton number 26 , total electron number 26 and also total atomic number 26 .
114.uniqueness of fingerprint ( surah 75 , verse 3-4 ) tip of finger uniqueness even in twin . from a gay , shiva ( male ) + mohini ( female form of krishna )= s . x = happy marriage life god . wedding of lord krishna with lord aravan . happy ( double ) marriage life god 2 . naked statue prayer yuga . make your future by joining freemason , illuminati .
114.uniqueness of fingerprint ( surah 75 , verse 3-4 ) tip of finger uniqueness even in twin . from a gay , shiva ( male ) + mohini ( female form of krishna )= s . x = happy marriage life god . wedding of lord krishna with lord aravan . happy ( double ) marriage life god 2 . naked statue prayer yuga . make your future by joining freemason , illuminati .
2 . in quran , insan ( people ) word mentioned total 65 time . one by one equipment for making insan ( turab 17 + nutfa 12 + alaq 6 + mutgah 3 + idgam 15 + lahm 12 ) = 65 times . equipment : ( soil ; very little part of semen ; embryo ; small mass ; bone ; flesh )
135 . allah accurately ( mathematically , scientifically , miraculously ) ( surah 15 , verse 9 ) compiled quran before creation of universe ( in a protected place of universe ; lawhe mahfuz ) ( surah buruj , constellations , star 85 : verse 21-22 ) . all quran compiled in the presence of prophet with allah's instructions . because of many arab tribal arabic language ( risk of being corrupt ) . one main copy of quran preserved and all other copies burn down by umar , usman and all other friends , companions ( sahaba ) of prophet with allah's will . 5 . surah nahal ( bee ) 16th surah indicates bee chromosome number . total verse 128 . ( 12816 )= 8 . ln sex cell chromosome number is half of somatic cell chromosome number . (8 chromosome from man bee + 8 chromosome from woman bee )= total 16 chromosome number .
138 . people should read vedas , puranas with understanding to enjoy holy teachings . if police finds quran to anyone declares them as terrorist . hindus aren't terrorist as they doesn't read their enjoyable , excited holy scriptures . jai shiv sex organ , jai kamakhya sex organ , jai rape ( bramma and swaraswati ); ( lndra and ahalya ); ( rishi kundu and pranlosa 907 years continuously ) long list . writter didn't mentioned if he / she was present their 907 years to see .
140 . ( 7 kam lessons ) jai 1kamdev ( god ) , jai 2 kamdevi ( 3kamrup + 4kamakhya ) 5.kam of lingadev 6 kamashastra 7 . kamasutra 81 . allah's promise ( surah 41 , ayat 53 ) allah promises that allah will show us signs from horizon and within ourselves , until it is clear to us that islam is truth .
138 . people should read vedas , puranas with understanding to enjoy holy teachings . if police finds quran to anyone declares them as terrorist . hindus aren't terrorist as they doesn't read their enjoyable , excited holy scriptures . jai shiv sex organ , jai kamakhya sex organ , jai rape ( bramma and swaraswati ); ( lndra and ahalya ); ( rishi kundu and pranlosa 907 years continuously ) long list . writter didn't mentioned if he / she was present their 907 years to see .
134.jai kamrup kamakhya jonidevi ( kamakhya godess sex organ ) shivlinga ( shiv sex organ ) penisdev worship ? parts of a shivlinga ( penisdev ) 1.upper portion shivlinga proper ( main part of shiv sex organ ) 2.middle broader part named yoni which is female sex organ structurally to see ( hindus / indians view it as shakti ) 3 . lower root part ( view as.existence ): ( hindi sex story writter 5000 years ago technology )
135 . allah accurately ( mathematically , scientifically , miraculously ) ( surah 15 , verse 9 ) compiled quran before creation of universe ( in a protected place of universe ; lawhe mahfuz ) ( surah buruj , constellations , star 85 : verse 21-22 ) . all quran compiled in the presence of prophet with allah's instructions . because of many arab tribal arabic language ( risk of being corrupt ) . one main copy of quran preserved and all other copies burn down by umar , usman and all other friends , companions ( sahaba ) of prophet with allah's will . 5 . surah nahal ( bee ) 16th surah indicates bee chromosome number . total verse 128 . ( 12816 )= 8 . ln sex cell chromosome number is half of somatic cell chromosome number . (8 chromosome from man bee + 8 chromosome from woman bee )= total 16 chromosome number .
132.why mature woman passes through monthly period ? once indra killed his pious teacher ( guru ) for a misunderstanding . then bramma cursed indra and said that lndra must be sinless of teacher killing ( guruhattya ) . so , indra distributed 1/4 th of his sin to woman and blessed woman that from now on woman can give child birth and have more pleasure in sexual intercourse . for receiving indra's sin woman passes through monthly period .
133 . bramma , shiv , vishnu breast feeding from same woman ( anushua ) but why ( 5000 years ago milk technology ) ? once gods took decision to examine piousness of a very pious woman named anushua . three gods arrived to anushua and said they are hungry but only way to meet up their hungry is breast feeding . then , anushua threw water to 3 gods and all became child . three gods enjoyed breast feeding from anushua and that woman kept his piousness .
81 . allah's promise ( surah 41 , ayat 53 ) allah promises that allah will show us signs from horizon and within ourselves , until it is clear to us that islam is truth .
138 . people should read vedas , puranas with understanding to enjoy holy teachings . if police finds quran to anyone declares them as terrorist . hindus aren't terrorist as they doesn't read their enjoyable , excited holy scriptures . jai shiv sex organ , jai kamakhya sex organ , jai rape ( bramma and swaraswati ); ( lndra and ahalya ); ( rishi kundu and pranlosa 907 years continuously ) long list . writter didn't mentioned if he / she was present their 907 years to see .
20 died was not bidens sons or any one ... you are and have spoil american name
uno is blind or got fear or there is no lion of.lion .. uno should shift their office in afghanistan and support them
it's a joke for you isn't it ?
north korea lite afghanistan
apkeya kartay ho kashmir maan . na rukray walay ka sath . recently the same incident took place in budgam
thanks sr
captivating news
dunia se pakistan ko hotana hoga because they are the most dangerous of the world and the root of terror ...
taliban should also ban marrying a female to a male .
tikait is dikait . he should be arrested .
this tikait who is a great dakait should have been put in the jail earlier ! ! ! he is now becoming a terror & a big threat to the govt . he is now totally put of control of the govn . a big nuisance to the common public . ! ! ! his plan is to topple the govt . ! ! ! all oppositions parties will join the agitation & creat a trouble .
jai shree ram
tikait and his supporters should be punished without any doubt .
tikait should be arrested he is deshdrohi
why doesn't the new talbanas get there new air strike capability into play
usa , uk & fakistan support taliban directly
history will write : taliban resistance 20 year vs us and nato . northern alliance resistance less than 20 day . lol
is it just me or is it weird they are worried about humanitarian crises for afghanistan right after telling everyone they have 85 billion in equipment and weapons without mentions of the trillions in minerals or billions more in opium ? but we need to provide aid ? lol
it is hopeful news that this group hasn't given up , but they are surrounded . an insurrection of any magnitude may succeed at using up all the $ 90 billion in ammunition and arms that the taliban captured . wars are expensive . with the taliban exposed and out of their protected pakistan safe zones , you can hit supply chains rather easily now . but its up to these resistance fighters now . biden is not about to do anything smart for the next 3.5 years ...
this is horrible i hate the t-ban why couldn't they just leave panshirr valley alone ? those dudes just wanna live in peace and look out for their land family etc
panjir citizens are the most civilized people in the entire middle east . god bless their souls and i pray they survive the evil taliban
reverse insurgency is brilliant tactical move . shoot and scoot
i dont think taliban can just invade panjsher valley like a piece of cake ( i guess ) cos its surrounded by valleys great for ambushing incoming talibans , completely stop them from goin in .
i reckon germans and other western nations has not yet experienced positive deplomatic friendly relationship with the afghan talaban , if once they experienced such kind of relations i am hundred percent sure they will keep these relations for ever positively because talabans are largely pashtoons community and western nations must understand the reality that just like talaban are tough people , they are also tough in friendly relations with other nations on the basis of mutual interests and respect to each other .
you must have offered this old hag as a cncubine to dostum and thats why he fled afghanistan instead of putting up a fight . if you have offered german cncubines like you had offered to russians , anglos , and french latinos in 40s , dostum would have put up fight for them against tally ban ! ! !
if you had offered anglo-american and european cncubines ( especially from danish , swedish , norwegian , dutch , french latino etc ... rces ) to dostum and his soldiers and other collaborators , they may have put up fight against tally-ban ! ! ! but european freeloaders dont want to put money where their mouth is ... lol
you offered that used up teri schultz as cncubine to dostum and upon hearing which he fled the country ... instead of putting up the fight . he thought you would offer younger cncubine and many ... including from danish , swedish , french latino . germanic and dutch rces ...
southside chicago usa . even though i say america should mind their own business i appalled the resistance group for fighting for for their beliefs against the taliban .
the taliban fighting season runs from april to october that's why they are massing troops to panjshir valley so to defeats the remaining of afghan army ... after the month of october is hibernation season for the talibans ..
screw the taliban and their families
no one is wearing a mask ... what about covid 19 ... are them people vaccinated ... where are all those people going to the bathroom .. ? ... i do not see any port-a-potties ...
taliban " wants strong diplomatic relations " ... they are an occupying forces and not a legitimate government . afghanistan has an election process and the taliban are afraid of it .
not just leaving the war zone , but helping the enemy take control over the nation of afghanistan ! does it sound that way to others ? ...
sound like our administration has taken the side of the taliban instead of those that wanted the freedom like the usa had before this administration of joe biden ! terrorism better than freedom for the citizens ! ...
and the answer ... is no - * history matters quote *
german historian miriam gerhard says in her book ( when the soldiers came ): after germany was defeated in world war ii , 2 million german women were raped by allied soldiers ( americans , russians , british and french ) . and they are telling taliban to treat women with respect ..
what the taliban wants and what they get are two different things !
the panshir lions will take down the taliban from the mountains .
western media should be more worried to help people of afghanistan rather than focusing on panjshir
please send resources to taliban resistance in panjshir valley . help kick taliban out .
it's now very difficult to defeat taliban as now they not only have massive civilian support but also support from strong regional countries
awwwwww :( i was really rooting for them
western & indian last hope finished ...
u . s technology is the best in the world .
rip biden ! ! ! ! rest in piss ! ! !
anddddd they did it with the military equipment left behind by the u . s
the opposition force should use pantsir from russia to defend panjshir and vaporize taliban in a result .
this is what happenes when you fight the taliban equiped with thermal scopes and you have moisin nagants and sks
franz marty reports are decently factual and to the point . best wishes and hope he stays this way .
monday , september 6th , 2021 : remember this date ! this war is finally over , and the afghan taliban are victorious . peace and security finally have a chance to prevail now , for the first time in well over four decades , throughout the land of the afghans . may allah bless all of our afghan brothers and sisters and grant them success in rebuilding their country .
the fall of the western stooges
prayers for taliban ! ! !
* i love your video the large but i will advice everybody who is into cryptos to stick with eth and btc as much as you guys . if everyone sells when it starts to fall , which at one point it will , the dream maybe lost because of it being too volatile for companies to get behind . *
curse pakistan for bombing punjsheer talibans are controlled by pakistan they are criminals and people will never forget their crimes long live northern alliance
when will the kamala replace the biden ? ? ? happy vacation joe !
well taliban won't give women rights so if west help and recognise taliban then terrorist hub in the open
on the other news said they took over the valley last night they claiming they have capture the whole valley is hard to tell from no real madia up there
give franz marty a raise already !
russia will stomp on the them . something we could have done but biden is a disgrace
russia will stomp on the them . something we could have done but biden is a disgrace
it's over taliban have taken the whole provence and now they are returning the telecommunication and electricity
the taliban say that had taken it 3 times in 3 days and there northern alliance say nope we are still fighting away lol
it is time to look to sudi arabia for financial support to build a country since they financed the taliban and pakistan
what is the covid situation like in afghanistan ? did it cause issues with the evacuations ? are any of the taliban sick ? could vaccines be leverage during " talks " ?
let's be honest here . the only reason eu wants to negotiate with the taliban is ... china .
taliban will fail in afghanistan . no one accepts taliban . taliban are terrorists .
taliban made stronger by the usa !
without forgiveness , war and hate perpetuate
western media only report on the conflict in afghanistan , and ignore any progress . cgtn does a better job covering all angles .
please investigate alleged war crimes committed by nato forces in afghanistan
send dominion voting machines to kabul .
afghanistan's destiny , will be hers alone ...
it would be very hard for the taliban to lose now with the support of billions of dollars worth of weapons kindly donated by the usa !
who is the presenter ?
" world suffers a lot not because of the violence of bad people . but because of the silence of good people " .
yesterday pakistan's intelligence chief arrived for 3 days visit and taliban occupied phanjisir even resistance force also claimed they shot down pakistani fighter jet and they claimed pakistani drones are bombing valley but no international media is showing how biased . aren't they responsible for show truth .
no one is gonna question , pakistani jets bombing them ?
i think these guys are covering evolving events in afghanistan the best .
us : afghan women are not free . rest of the world : american women sleep with you after a meal at mcdonalds , sometimes even after a cup of coffee at starbucks us women : how dare you , i am not that cheap , ill never sleep with someone unless its an a la carte dinner at four seasons , marriott or hilton . rest of the world : my point exactly .
taliban vetting process , sounds like a trap
all the humanitarian help will end up in talibans military's warehouses .
who are these resistance fighters , who actually oppose the taliban ? why didnt they run away like everyone else ?
germnany today and the taliban-a match made in heaven .
west has no right to speak about democracy and human rights ... hypocracy . west want to run it's military industrial complex with unlimited wars ... they got equal hypocrite in terms of china . two evils will fight soon ...
pakistan air force , drones are bombing in panjsher . not covering this ?
i wonder how many us weapons the taliban used to crush the remaining resistance .
indian media lied too much to its people , tell false tales of masood's bravery and now the situation is in front of everyone , the taliban captured the whole province in 2 days and waved their flag there . now you guys see masood's bravery whether he runs or prefers to die . if he chooses to die , it means he is brave and follows his father's footsteps . if he gives prefer to escape then it means he is the biggest fool .
fighting is like college football season for these guys .
i thought fraz was taliban .. lol ! !
joe is the best president ever . atleast for the enemies .
19 july 2007 , when 23 south korean missionaries were captured and held hostage by members of the taliban while passing through ghazni province of afghanistan . two male hostages were executed before the deal was reached between the taliban and the south korean government.taliban spokesman claimed that the militant group also received some us $ 20 million in exchange for the safety of the captured missionaries .
help northern alliance please ...
no ountry can genuinely deal with afghanistan until they have elected government . and they stop marketing opium and heroin as income generator . same with other countries run by families and parties ... installed forever by themselves .
us created problem and brothers are fighting among themselves . anyway good luck afghans
britan , ussr , usa , . nobody has invaded panjshir but panjshir may fall within 78 hours , because some are sending their special forces to support barbaric talibs .
why she keeps saying thaliban ? there is no th in there , nobody pronounces it like that
supposedly , over the last several days the taliban have denied departure from mahzar-sharif to 6 planeloads of u . s . citizens and afghans who have worked for western countries . the report is that the taliban will not let them leave until the u . s . recognizes the taliban and i suppose provides them with aid of some kind .
pictures have already come out from panjshir and here you are westerners still wanting to believe that panjshir is holding . move on
why nobody is helping the nrf ? ! just watching all these happening
taliban lies abt catching the valley
then jesus said to the crowds and to his disciples : the teachers of the law and the pharisees sit in moses seat . so you must be careful to do everything they tell you . but do not do what they do , for they do not practice what they preach . they tie up heavy , cumbersome loads and put them on other peoples shoulders , but they themselves are not willing to lift a finger to move them . everything they do is done for people to see : they make their phylacteries wide and the tassels on their garments long ; they love the place of honor at banquets and the most important seats in the synagogues ; they love to be greeted with respect in the marketplaces and to be called rabbi by others . but you are not to be called rabbi , for you have one teacher , and you are all brothers . and do not call anyone on earth father , for you have one father , and he is in heaven . nor are you to be called instructors , for you have one instructor , the messiah . the greatest among you will be your servant . for those who exalt themselves will be humbled , and those who humble themselves will be exalted " . ( matt 23 niv ) you shall not make for yourself an image in the form of anything , in heaven above or in the earth beneath , or in the waters below . you shall not bow down to them or worship them , for i the lord your god am a jealous god , punishing the children for the sin of the parents up to the third and fourth generation of those who hate me , but showing love to a thousand generations of those who love me and keep my commandments . " if my people who are called by my name , humble themselves and pray , and turn from their wicked ways , i will hear from heaven , will forgive their sins , and will heal their land . " and when you pray , do not be like the hypocrites , for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and on the street corners to be seen by others . truly i tell you , they have received their reward in full . but when you pray go into your room , close the door and pray to your father , who is unseen . then your father , who sees what is done in secret , will reward you . and when you pray , do not keep on babbling like pagans , for they think they will be heard because of their many words . do not be like them , for your father knows what you need before you ask him . this , then , is how you should pray : our father in heaven , hallowed be your name , your kingdom come , your will be done , on earth as it is in heaven . give us today our daily bread . and forgive us our debts , as we also have forgiven our debtors . and lead us not into temptation , but deliver us from the evil one . for if you forgive other people when they sin against you , your heavenly father will also forgive you . but if you do not forgive others their sins , your father will not forgive your sins . " matthew 5-7 niv bible gateway " , we can use google search . these are the teachings , the righteousness of our lord jesus christ our god . repent , and start doing what is right . if you abide my teachings , you are really my disciples ; then you will know the truth , and the truth will set you free . yet a time is coming and has now come when the true worshipers will worship the father in the spirit and in truth , for they are the kind of worshipers the father seeks . god is spirit so his worshipers must worship in the spirit and in truth . in the new heaven and new earth , only righteousness dwells . may the spirit of our lord jesus christ our god be with you all .
troy will never fall , yet it fell . constantinople will never fall , yet it fell . singapore will never fall , yet it fell . panjshir will never fall , yet it fell .. hope we all learn its lesson .
taliban : thanks for the weapon uncle joe
good , you can close down your dresden university ...
this is a good lesson for those countries in central asia which think if china attacks them us comes to their rescue . taiwan philippines malaysia thailand andonasia etc . specially taiwan which us already beginning telling in the news that if china attacks there is nothing they can do ! us and euorope have lost its luster and no longer are what they used to be in wwii . in fact they have never won a war since wwii . korean war ? lost , vietnam , lost afghanistan lost iraq , lost iran lost . in fact if you notice we always start war with small and poorest countries . never a war with russia china even north korea military we cannot start a war . so becareful asia we will abandon . 40 years ago this used to be soviets specially in middle east . they always abandoned their friend country againt us but now the page is turning !
one terrorist country support a another terrorist taliban troops .
imran khan is forgetting that even muslims came to hindustan and we were ruled under their gulami .. he should check on his centuries past to know his origin
i hope taliban takes control of pakistan and then we would like to hear what imran khan has to say on that
amir khan , swara bhasker should feel safe in afghanistan . please send them .
please help afgansitan
my youtube channel
dekh rahe ho punjabio kasse ye zee news walle indirect ways main indian punjabio par hamla hain
you telling all lies to indian afgani taliban fought for afghanistan pakistani taliban word made by india and israel against pakistan and they are raw agents tell truth stop mixing it
hahahah comedy with zee new
isi top agenchy of the world
kashmir is the next target of taliban and pakistan ... after that india will be the very next target ... , , ,
india chief must destroy pakistan by atomic bursting
ashraf ghani how can you leave your people in such misery you are no true leader you should have died for your people freedom , i think you were coward .
it's no brainer all those retrieved weapons from afgan forces made in us will end up with the terrorists in pakistan .
new news
antarashtriya community air strike karke panjshir ki madat karni chahiye panjshir ke northern frontier ko ... shame on u america .. fight & kill talibani veero ... bhagwan madat kare aapki ..
trust in him at all times ; ye people , pour out your heart before him : god is a refuge for us . |
pulling out of afghanistan , allowing all of the insurgents to congregate in one place and plan their attacks with a wide open border . we are as vulnerable as ever right now and its not going to get better . someone has to d something now ! ! ! |
saying and doing are two completely different actions . |
i met gen keane back when he was 18th abn corps commander ... was a nice enough guy to me . |
cruz pretending to be smart again . |
10k punjshir soldier is better than 3 lack afghanistan soldier
brave people of panjshir
glt baat h ye plz help him . i can't seen crying baby
more you work hard in times of peace less you bleed in war . i put my bet on ahmad masood !
realpolitic is the only answer to understand the present situation and its solution . nobody would like to burn its fingers in the present volatile scenario .
why not control in our country please help in our sister , brother mother , son please help
help northern alliance
before fight pl run away masood because later taliban kill you or hanged you
jy shree ram
panjishir to sher ka baccha nikla well done ..
best thing that came from taliban takeover of afghanistan is some islamophobic countries have suddenly started caring for muslims ...
indian and all countries should help panjshir
putin is real world's big bosh .
i think islam hate us - trump
i pray afghanistan freedom fast from teliban god if you are listeing my voice so freedom fast afghanistan all pray for afghanistan because russia china pakistan india are in danger
50 se jyada muslim country h wo taliban pr action q nhi le re h jb ki israel wale case me sb kood pde the
india should attack on afghanistan n deploy it's army
2030 taliban will have nuclear power
panjshir , take help of lord and savior jesus christ . no weapon can harm you . srat reading bible and praying continuously . i request other countries to pray and help by sending army .
indian army please support , panjshir
toyota zindabad ... helicopter is ready to flee
we support the brave people of panjshir .
proud to be indian
may the moral of panjshir warriors stay high .. and they defeat those talibaan forces .. pray for afghanistan