we need farm bills to be implemented
we support the government the farm bills are right
the government is right the bills are good for farmers
the govt should not listen their demands these are fake protestors
why the protestors are not wearing a mask
where is social distancing
they are not farmers they are khalistanis 
these are not farmers these are khalistani terrorists
they are protesting without knowing the reality 
rakesh dacoit is doing this for publicity
godi media will never show this
we support farmers protest
ban the bjp govt ban modi
yogi and modi both are goons 
many farmers have died protesting but the govt is blind
please save the farmers
power to my farmer brothers we are with you
jai jawan jai kisaan i support farmers
godi media is showing rakesh tikait as bad
modi is such a conman
People are scared but think if msp as a concept is not removed altogether, and allowed to remain, while giving farmers unlimited, unending choice between apmc and industrialists (it should not be like "ok but you said you'll go with reliance, so you cant come back to apmc because your deal didnt work out") there shouldn't be a problem at all.
That's the reason everyone has food on their tables. Is this the way to treat these innocent farmers?
 When Modi was about 15 years old, India's had fought and won the second war with Pakistan in 1965.
Dirty people all are Mandis , not farmers , they must be punished and jailed
There are much advantages with these laws but the farmers does not have the belief on government but they can't judge the law before it comes into act
Full support to our farmers 
If you call this a Farmers protest how many farmers are from other states other than Punjab ? 
We BJP supporters must realize that this was more of a national/internal security issue than political. Although this move is bad for the nation's progress, lets just back modi for now.
What will you profit by winning the whole world at the loss of your soul. India Today stop licking out of the hands of Modi's, Yogis, Baba's n Thakurs. UP is not of their to continue with might is right rule. Stand for the truth at least once
Where was Anna Hazare  during the farmers struggle? He was not seen or heard around. Hiding, hibernation? Afraid of Modi?
The same as in Europe ... NO FARMERS = NO FOOD
In nakli kisano ki asliyaat dikhane ke liye Modiji ne yeh krishi kanoon wapas liye hain.  Hone dijiyee , aur tez Kisaan andolan. Koi fark nahi padta. To show the real face of these so called farmer's agitation, Modiji has withdrawn the extremely good agriculture laws. In one single master stroke, Modi ji has taken out the wind from the drama that the Congress/SP/TMC were playing, in the name of farmers. With these reforms our country's farming would have been modernized, market-oriented and highly efficient. This would have meant our farmers would have been prosperous just like in the West.
Farmers are great you can not Stop them modi
BJP government's Focus is on the Election. But its a big day for the poor farmers of India....
Bloody politically motivated move. Only Punjab farmers have a problem and are marching like idiots in huge numbers at the time of a pandemic.