Pray for farmers unity. Rakesh ji is very smart and Ajit is very good In interviewing.
Victory of farmers.
Does the farm bill 2020 stop a farmer from still continuing to trade with the APMC in their respective states.
It shows how hard it is to bring change and revolutionise the production, in Indian society because of these politicians... When laws are introduced there is a problem and repeal the laws there is a problem
Some wear tailored shawls,  keep long beards and works relentlessly for small farmers 
Inko aap log kisaan kehte hai y asli kisaan hai hi nhi real farmers toh apna kaam Kar rahe Hain they are terrorists this is not protest this is the dirty politics and I am shocked ki comments mein log iska support krte Hain it is ridiculous that you don't support your nation ! shame on you
Ajit Anjum ji Great, You not only a great journalist but full of wisdom. My good wishes to you. Now RAKESH TIKAIT is also a great leader of farmer's protest my good wishes to him. Long live Rakesh Tikait
If farmers think this bill is not good for their future, so drop it because you are passing it for the vantage of farmers.
This is all frustration coming out...when livelihoods are at stake.. Whether it takes form of farmer protest or student or workers or Muslims..looks like we are fast moving towards anarchy
We r with u ...we support Kisan Andolan .love and support from london
Thank you for information sir I was read about it but I couldn't understand on that time but immediate I got Ur video now I come to know what is actually about this bill thank you thank you so much
These laws will benefit big corporates which have funded huge election campaigns of the Indian government
Kisan pehle bhi free tha .. kahi bhi bechne ko.. toh MNCs kyu nai ati thi kharidne?? Aur konsi MNC Bhai.. 80% unorganized sector.. vyaparies and chote retail.. MSP is to protect! Baki mai farmer hu.. Jo bhav dega bechunga.. MSP saare crops or chayie
Makes Bill without consulting with any farmer organization 
Ajit sir this love and respect is more precious than  money of Godi media media anchors.
2. High Financial Costs - Low quality garbage crops which the government is forced to buy and then rot in godowns, lack of competitive farming, and bad pricing for small but competent farmers
2) Contract farming should be regulated by FCI. Stock exchanges have a clearing commission if FCI which is a Govt body can act as the same in Contract farming it can protect both farmers as well as Corporates in case one fails to honor his obligation.
Don't underestimate the most powerful our farmers. Kissan Ekta jindabaad.
If he returned the bill so farmers not do this
Every Indians have to support farmers.. Please donate these honest and bravery farmers
Long live farmers . forgive us we couldn't do anything. But we pray for your strength. Jai kisan.
Rip to the 700 farmers who lost their lives ....and couldn't see this victory
If india really wants to intervene militarily, it would've done it a long time ago. But india hasn't intervened till now. It is very clear that india doesn't have any intention to intervene militarily. We know it would be of no use helping the afghan army. Now the taliban captured most of the provinces in afghanistan. India has it's own issues with china and pakistan. We don't need another issue. I think, modi is just warning the nationals to leave afghanistan.
Maam I have a little doubt about that art.122 which u explained that some immunities given to Parliament that SC CAN'T interfered on kts proceeding but u also told about three condition I.e Untouchability, illegality and irregularity so finally Is farmers or any citizens can make complain go against over Parliament in SC for it's wrong bill???
No msp only  mada to idiot  tikayat by public only. We  public can not tolerate tikayat's nuisance in the name of farmers. He is suffering from bimari. Piblic to take action against him.
Salute to farmers of our country 
Big victory for Punjab Haryana farmers
Indian govt should table uniform civil code Bill in parliament now.
All country with Farmers and against anti national BJP and godi media. God bless Naraish Takait ji.
And it's a big mistake the government did to upset the farmers.
Because we all know how corrupt mafia are is India and Pakistan.
Thank u those brave farmers!
Not good decision...it was in favour of farmers
The evil Empire has fallen today. The trick here is , if someone go against bjp, bjp will be trying to show them as khalistani  or  pakistani
Destroy farmers livelihood, the country will fall.
You could also have given an assumption as to why the govt. fails to acknowledge the demands of the farmers.
BBC should report on controversial UK farm laws which make farmers struggle on a daily basis.
Andh Bhakt Mara Hai koi farak nahi padta. If they don't live it will not be loss to the country But if a Farmer dies its a terrible loss for the country.My tears only for Farmers of this Country.
People here talking its great initiative, just go on ground level and check situation of farmers in punjab and haryana , how farmers protesting on road yet no one even listening, turning deaf ears not even listen to their demands and passed the bill with emergency power , such a shame of democracy .
No  doubt sikhs are the heart  of India, but yes how can they forget congress had told and done to them in 1985  , and yes how sorrowful is this that same congress govt is in the power in Punjab...... Sikhs have been fogot..... This is really sad
Desh Jita  Mera  Kisaan Jita  but be carefully Election Aa  gaya he UP and Delhi main
Jai mulnivasi Jai bheem Jai Tipu Sultan Jai Kisan, morcha ke sath hit counter code of conduct for PM r Reader go head with love and life election commission
Le kisan - hold my tractor
how does one distinguish these farmers being genuinely mistreated, or just another special interest group barring other potential competitors?
his father rakesh sinha is in rss and a old farmer got killed by lathi smash on his head repeated by police
Eyewash for farmers ... Government thinks that people are stupid coz MSP is not gonna stay then why announcement been done now? How low can this government stoop down.
If government tried to be lenient on farmers it's government's fault ,if not then too government's fault.Why don't you give some suggestions benefiting all the sections of the society while questioning the government on her every freaking actions.
Ultimately AI will replace me inevitably and the onus is with me to change with changing demand. Same goes with farmers.
One must support our farmers we have all regards of Indian farmers. But this gang of goons should be arrested they have disturbed the whole country.
Why is Rajdeep not talking about these so called farmers who were wearing Bhindranwale shirts? Which farmers were Bhindranwale supporters? This is all a ploy to create instability in country!
Great Farmers
We stand with farmers,
Rakesh Tikait Uncle ji..Great Personality ! 
This is BJP politics. They want to win UP elections. Only solution to vote him out from power.
How can you say that there is nothing wrong with these farm laws? For starters farmers can't even go to Courts or Sue these firms over any conflict.
& so called farmers killed the people by thrashing them with stones.
2. The doctrine of shock and awe does not work against a community that has learnt to live with the disastrous consequences(cancer, rapidly increase in farm debt, farmer suicides, total ecological destruction, to name a few) of the GOVERNMENT OF INDIA sponsored GREEN REVOLUTION of the 1970-80's. One such consequence of the sugar-coated Green Revolution policy of GoI is the loss of trust in GOI policies on agriculture. 
I can't understand one thing even PM was once poor, he used to sell tea and now he can't do anything for these farmers...
Thank You Delhi Students and all the people protesting against this Dictatorship of the BJP government! Full support from Maharashtra! keep it up.. We are creating History..This is Our Fight for our Freedom
If India really wanted to intervene  militarily then we would have studied  in  history groups that once upon there was a terrorist organisation name taliban
It was a very peaceful protest....see what indian government and delhi police did...shameful government..don't they have any kind of realisation or grief how 200 farmers died in winter in these protest..still farmers showed such patience from 2 and half months...
chautala supports BJP fully it seems.
If he has been so closely associated with farmerss issues, why was the silence during farmers protests?
Elections jo arhe hai Modiji
Congratulations all india farmer 
Sir by taking this decision to repeal farm laws. You and 135 crore Indians have lost the battle against anti nationals power who are inside India and destroying India
farmers from all the states are protesting....
Hats off to our farmers truth will always win congratulations to our farmers 
So to break these protest and in interest to internal security ...modi had to withdraw or taken back decesion of farm laws bill.
Best suggestion by Rakesh tikait
Congress:- ek yahi to mudda tha election ke liye, uspar bhi modi ne pani fer diya.
Tikait chaduni pandher and pannu have instigated the farmer youth by their inflammatory statements... Liquor was also responsible as many people were drunk
So the courage of farmers is unbreakable bond 
=The logical farmer (Abhimanyu Singh Kohar) speaks=
Bhagat singh is reflecting in each and every farmer, as you see their Josh and commitment
Farmers have really proved how strong is unity !!
I wish the indian farmers all the luck they can get.
Ohh elections are coming, that's what matters more to Modi and BJP
Sir, i am also supporter of Capitalism. But the India is a poor country. We are not developed as Europe and US. Yes we need capitalistic approach. But we also need government backing. So some socialist features must be remain in Indian economy. 
At least we can do this much work for our farmer.. This will boost their confidence in further movement..
Good content.Missed marginal and landless farmers in Raithu bandhu (Telangana).Better information flow and storage & market facilities may give anticipated results..
If this bill is passed. Adani and another big player will make big storage units to control prices. In the long run because of the removal of JAMAKHORI ACT the prices of grain will increase a lot and normal people will suffer and the poor even more. So its not just a bad thing for wheat and rice farmers, is it bad for everyone, other than few billionaires
Muslims should be CAREFUL -- and should VOTE UNITEDLY and WITH THEIR BRAINS --- For example --- a constituency where Muslims are 20% 30% or even 40% -- the possibility of a Muslim candidate getting elected is very high --- but what happens --- Congress fields a Muslim candidate --SP fields a Muslim candidate ---BSP fields a Muslim candidate -- RLD fields a Muslim candidate --MIM fields a Muslim candidate ---while -- BJP fields a Hindu candidate --- So the Muslim Votes gets divided --- So BJP wins with Hindu Candidate in a Muslim area very easily ---- Maybe the Secular Parties are deliberately doing this to HELP BJP ---- and WEAKEN MUSLIMS POLITICALLY --- Therefore Muslims should focus on One single Party only --- Voting for MIM Owaisi is a GOOD OPTION for a change --- where where Muslims are 20% 30% or even 40% ---- A B Quadri --- India
It seems to be benificial for farmers but actually it is not  in reality
 I think most of these bills are in positive direction , but they solely can't survive or decrease farmer apathy.
Wrong headline... what gift? The farmers made him tow their line.
Very well explaiined... , about the farming bills
Appreciate modi,spatience and observing king like behaviour towards public iekishan andolankaries but the later failed to observe due respect to the govt.of the country
5:50 Arhtiya is not a middlemen but a service provider. help the farmers load, unload, clean package and bill the produce at 2.5%
This is wrong decision...pm modiji..
Me. Sorabh . I know you are employee of India today Group. Who always backing up Mr Modi. I am watching for long time you always make difficult questions to Farmers but very polite who spoke against Farmers. You know very well how many laws or bills reapplied by Government of India but you didnt say anything who were saying no bill or law  can be reapplied.. you are good but dont listen to your Bosses. Just start your channel. We are with you. Thanks
Dear PM thanks for this decision but I will like hear from you that all farmers who lost their lives in stire their families will be given  Rs  1500 pension per month.
Except Punjab,haryana and western up nothing protest in India against farm law
There are few things that you could have explained as well like what impact these bills will have in future, an example of similar thing happened in past, why this approach failed in western countries, and how Bihar is doing now since they have implemented these laws in past. I am not a farmer and not biased either but see the long term impact of these bills on them clearly)
Govt should strengthen APMC's. A government structure for agricultural marketing is only way to increase Farmer's  income. Privatization is not solution of Farmer's Problems..
Farmer to death 
Farmers seek getting good price whether via APMC or private company. We guess, It's always APMC makes 100% profit. Gov't is giving that freedom to farmers to sell where they get good price than congress law where farmers have to sell for less cost to tied APMC worker and middle man APMC makes money.
In over 20 days, more than 22 farmers have died. The priority should be to diffuse the situation. One solution is to enact new laws incorporating the substantive demands of the farmers which government has virtually agreed to and also incorporate a repeal clause in it annulling the three existing reform laws. The new enactment and annulment shall happen at the same time, thus meeting the demand of the farmers and government retaining its seemingly fragile and recalcitrant prestige. 
question... 1. for the first law... the business owner can be private companies as well as existing mandis right ? if the farmer doesnt trust a private company ... dnt they have a choice to continue their business with the mandis ? another question .. 2.when farmers get into a contract with a private company r they not going to hire a lawyer to work out the details of the contract to protect themselves ? also 3. cant this law to modified further to add more protections for the farmer rather than asking complete repeal ?
Its why, do talibn now ??? Because pakistan now no neec to more fance  between pakistan and afghan border,  and taliban is our own pets 
This bill is favour to farmers. 
Adding Sir In Punjab and Haryana getting MSP on Paddy and Wheat +70% farmers.
Pappu,  Dakait & big rich farmers from Punjab r responsible .
Both farmers and consumers, both are looser.
This was a super attempt to demistify the complex fam bills and it's impact both on us as well as the farmers. Very well done.
I watch YouTube cos i am tired of godi media on tv but this very channel is loosing my hope on YouTube aswell cos almost all the videos of this channel is all talking about the pro side of govt and not cons . But i would really appreciate this if this channel made a video on the present worst GDP crash in India.
In reality this farmer's bill is very useful and advantageous to the poor farmers who had to sell their production to the brokers as per the price that the broker would no matter what the market rate is
          To support the Kissans I have stopped to listen Godi media on TV and disliking too on social media
This is a study for all people to fight the rights against govtnment to live to die also but people has strengh to fight no brain to know what is happening so we all drink farmers urine to think brilliant and brave
We should all support our PM..he is the only one in the current situation who can take us to greatness....Jai Hind....proud to be an Indian...
If incase you are still wondering why farmers are protesting.
Mr. Abhijit, you are right in your analysis about Hindu votes; Iyer, it is not rahul who is speaking against Hindus but all his ancestors have done it except giving medals to some Hindus here and there ( Vishweshwaraiah, Subbulakshmi, etc.,) ;   Yes, work within BJP, every state should have one yogi/Assam CM)
God help  the Indian farmer  may God victory  to farmer
European nations clearly show how to farmers effectively, but Indian farmers never understand that .
Don't you know how many times farmers went for talk but got no results, at last we took this decision to march to Delhi capital.
It's a deal between pakistan and taliban that the Pakistanis will help Taliban to capture Afghanistan and once it becomes successful the talibans will help pakistan to capture jammu and kashmir.
Modi government is doing such big things..Tripple talaq, 370, CAA, Educational reform, Farmer bill. Kudos to this government 
I know this I really wrong...... But I support farmers  and there are more ways to deal with situation.    IF YOU GIVE FUCKING ORDER TO BREAK THEIR HEADS.... DON'T CRY LIKE A FOOL WHEN THEY RUN TRACTORS OVER YOU 
These farmers looting other states farmers income
You did right thing to make the video but you didn't talk about the results of these laws in bihar and Gujarat. Essential commodity act isn't described properly this law could be the real price manipulator of commodities. You unfortunately mention that govt is ready to give the farmers written assurance of msp which is not true govt is not giving the written assurance of msp. You could have talk about the news of mp where the traders cheated the farmers. And the mandi tax which you are talking about usually asked from the traders not the farmers. The quality of food is also an issue. So I must say you did a lot of research in the laws but still a lot of things missing in the video. These laws are fantastic but  for country like Australia or Canada where the farmers have big farm or lot of land not India we have former who don't have even 1 hectares of land per farmers so I don't find it too good.
We know. You cant sell your black rice anywhere but to FCI, which you cant eat, and no one could eat in the world. Would you please not break the rest of the country farmers back for the sake of selling your not usable crop to the government.
In up election bjp surely win. Then bjp creat this i cant belive. This creation need some peopile they creat this
There are few things that you could have explained as well like what impact these bills will have in future, an example of similar thing happened in past, why this approach failed in western countries, and how Bihar is doing now since they have implemented these laws in past. I am not a farmer and not biased either but see the long term impact of these bills on them clearly.
4) I think we are also underestimating the intelligence of farmers even they can form a cartel. In many developing cities, many farmers become builders and exploited the buyers. Or another example could be they hoard onions during election season 
Now Khalisstanii farmer's will get govt. Jobs too
Every media man crying fOr modi nd bjP,
Kisan rally mein goonde bhar gaye hain.. SHAMEFUL
Spinelessness of Indian media at its peak
To my mind bjp wants Arminder Singh as Punjab chief minister at any cost....
Remember that people are the power not modi nor Amit shah nor bjp
2021 taught me that all farmers wear Sikh turban 
Shameless modi government step down. You have destroyed India. Now you are selling Indian companys. This is ridiculous and we want you out.
By listening this video we have to stand with our farmers..
APMC without the MSP will be non existent soon. The passing of bill without division votes already shows the attitude of govt. It's all for one thing "contract farming". Once that happens farmers will be pushed to increase yield, hence more adulterated food in future. 
I am surprised, why the middle class and lower middle class people are not in the protest with the farmers, because the amendment bill is straight out crazy.
Are all actually farmers on tractors rally participating?
           Do not blame the farmer's. Solve their myriad problems. Hear the farmer's out.
Delhi Police Throwing stones towards Farmers 
More than farmers general public gets affected by this laws as the prices will be fixed by corporates at will and it will surely be outrageous
God bless you all, it seems every Government in the world has become evil. We need farmers. Praying for all farmers everywhere!
No farmer no food 
Yes definitely these are the so called TRUE FARMERS who have lot of money to have a living out there, who can throw away their produced crops which they grow by waiting till months.
Modiji is like lord Krishna. No one can understand him.we.are ordinary people.
why r u explaing bjp n congress agenda 1st 5min it went on course but after that there was nothing about farmers bill, it all about ART 370, NRC,CAA n MOST IMP. "  BHARTA K BADE PATRKAR( MEANS ARNAB ) only R. BHART reporter talk about to this " if farmer law is taken back then other bills 370, NRC wil also taken back?" ONLY R.BHART reporter, you r not giving value who got MAGSAYSAY award, n u r explaning those STUDIO DANCER agenda , "agr ye bill le liya to bad me sab lo income tax na dena ka b virodhe krge etc".
Shame on Zee Media !!!
No farmer, no food, no life.
Farmers Don't give up against dictatorship 
I stand with Farmers..... Farmer demand is genuine !!
I remember when shekhar uncle talked about the impenetrable fort modi and how history taught us that popular leaders has been defeated no one but themselves in Indian politics.
make a video completely on solutions,there are thousands of online courses ,videos,books,papers on how to be a profitable farmer while taking care of the environment but how u think farmers will read or learn that?
I loved the way he gave way to people walking around...godi media never dose this ...samdish please stay like u are...
If you ate today,thank to a farmer for feeding your family.i am with you the whole nation si with you.
The police of india are to rough n always like to bit public which is fully against the law.what do expect from the public? Stand there n getting bashup from the police.come on please wake up.kissan zindabad
Dear Mr. Rathee, what you said from 9:55 to 10:05 in your video about uselessness of farm laws was ONE OF THE MAIN PLUSES OF THESE FARM LAWS! Also, nowhere, nowhere it is written or even indicated that rights of farmers won't be protected! It's sad that probably votebank politics made the govt. take back farm laws! But, these laws were damn needed! We are an agrarian economy & our agriculture sector is the only sector that has NOT seen any progress in the past many decades! These laws would've brought with them much needed development that India needs to compete agri or even non-agri economies! India's lack of prowess in the sector is one of the reasons India opt for RCEP, coz we wouldn't have been able to compete! So, bash the govt. all you want, but don't mislead! India, no Indian economy needed these much recommended farm laws. The rollback has pushed the stagnancy in the Indian Agri sector to I guess another few decades!
Farmers andolan and its success is an inspiration for deprived farmers of whole world.
All damage should be taken from them only. I'm from a farmer's child but we are not like them. 
These are the farmers of our country whose demands the government was unable to fulfill and they decided to carry out peaceful protests from the very start, the group who hoisted that flag separated itself from the peaceful tractor rally, moving towards the red fort was led by deep siddhu, farmers claim that going to the red fort was not even in their plan
I Demand Bharat ratna for rakesh sir,the way he is fighting for the rights of 70% farmer population if India 
Ravish kumar singlehandedly makes me believe on the zenith of Indian character!! Wish we had you in Pakistan!
Why india need Total J & K and total pakistan for the taliban terrorism
I am no BJP supporter (not after the way they treated AP after division).
Sikh warriors. I stand with you as a proud Sikh/Indian with grandparents who were farmers in Punjab. The breadbasket of India! 
I hope for India's sake and the world that the protest are successful, and that Modi is ousted and replaced with someone much more progressive in 2024!
Farmer's is the future of my country
I support farmers 
When it comes to increase in income farmers are last ones in the line. Whenever they try to earn some profit everyone has their own story whether it's consumer or politicians.
I am also kishan .but we with BJP.
We love our farmers 
So happy that the farmers won and gave a big middle finger to the government.
I still believe that the small farmers' interests should have been above politics.
as usual baised reporters reporting as only Punjab farmers
If Modi government does not care about Farmers then let all the CHAI WALAS in this Country be removed first ... then we will see how he reacts
What a hypocrisy and liar, telling only small segment of farmer failed to understand their enlighten laws for farmers betterment. What a sick man still glorifying himself and his sick policies. Never Again.
 Farmer cannot produce as a uniform product; A quality product they going to purchase .
You taught us in a simple language what is Kisan Bill..It will not only benefit Kisans of our country but common people like us also understand the politics behind Kisan Andolan.
Only few kisans (farmers) are their in this andolan...
Very good analysis and support to Farmers bills
Told you Taliban-- why not invade PAKISTAN instead ?
If the government is in favour of our farmers.. That is the three law is not harmful to them then it should be proved by effecting step and realised the farmers that all are in their favour or remove the law by which everything will be okay... Otherwise the farmers who take such will never come back... and the situation may be very harmful
The number  of farmers on agitation were negligible in comparison to   our huge population and that to a limited states    so it is really splendid  what made the central govt to bent down  it is so happened due to our weak  administrative system  the states are equall
Only the farmers of Punjab are celebrating ....90% of poor farmers keep suffering in india.
Not only dacoit be send to mental hospital but also ABP TV anchor and the owners for showing such nonsense idiot n Taliban mentality man on TV
Justice farmers
Funny indo alooomy gifted Afghanistan terrorist government and now Taliban government use this 
Aap ka mean hai modhi he responsible if he remove all farmer Bill and than how can use khalastani  to formers
They are not farmers. They are goons
*I will embolden farmers to become rulers of the world *
Who thinks ABP news is godi Media
This government is not going to listen to them we have made our farmers suffer enough
Thanks for supporting us(farmers)
Ye bs kamzoro ko preshan krte h police vale  full support to farmers 
This is not a victory of indian punjabi farmers but also of farmers allaround World against exploitation of capitalism
This farmer leader has courage no politician had uptill now
Subramanian Swamy is disgruntled politician as he was not given any ministry, as he won't listen to the captain (Modi). No authoritative  leader accepts opposing voices from within his party, when elections are won in his name.
This is a shame because Punjab farmers are the richest and farmers in Bihar are the poorest. The Punjab farmers might loose some money because they will not have dominance over India and all Indian farmers will be given equally treatment with this new bill
Stop buying wheet and paddy from punjab, haryana and insead buy from South India
1.	Ola Example: Your explanation is perfect if we assume that a farmer is going to produce X crop only forever, for example, tomato forever then he is certainly going to get impacted. Being an Ola driver is very different than being a farmer. For buying a car for taxi service you need as low as 3- 4 lacs and the supply of a taxi car is unlimited, but this is not the case with farmland. So, a farmer is going to cycle his/her crops according to the market demand whereas an Ola taxi can only be used as a taxi, and it cannot be converted into a loading vehicle and then back to a taxi. 
GODI media plz be Silence just keep on watching don't telecast it on ur channel or else your channel will be crushed as like farmers so be quite..
 you have also done a great job I was following Dastak the day Tikait ji was in danger that night and all Farmers gathered that night with lacs tractor arriving on Singhu ...Keep it up Boss ...the Braveheart journalist like you made it..great going
#standwithfarmers #farmerprotest
Whatever time required to pass the bill the Same time required to repeal the bill then only we believe he really want to repeal.
These are well informed farmers. Hats off to you ladies.
thank u .bcoz u support farmer 
Allah plzzz help these farmers 
Farmers should not be attacked
I request uh all to kindly join the protest nd support farmers in their peaceful agitation.
RIP TO ALL THE FARMERS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES .
As  long   as   MSP   and   compensation   for   farmers   assassination    are   written   solved     by   Modiji  teen     go  bck   because   there  is   lack   of   trust   from   govt
Rather than saying I watched videos , go and check in how peacefully they are sitting fighting for everyone not for themselves #supportfarmersprotest
Media's should advice Modi to meet the farmers 
You know when India got freedom 73 present people was punjabi  ok thats why than tell
Full support from Pakistan jeo sheero
It is also a lesson for future generations of politicians that never mess with the farmers.
You forget to tell why farmers are protesting.
Right PM Modi ji.  Good Three Law farm
Jai Kisan #supportFarmersProtestIndia #kisanAndolan take back the three anti farmer farm laws.
Jai jawan Jai kisaan. Modi became Hitler. Doing injustice with his own countries food providers. Accept what they are asking for & let them all live a healthy & a safe life. Let them go back to their families. Waheguru baba ji bless them.
Arnab please question the preposterous judgement of our modi ji. How can he do this! These farmers are terrorist, he is negotiating with terrorist. He should must encourage encounters of these people.! Arnab please Arbab, please do this!
supporting the most radical ethnic groap of pashtons ( mullah ashraf ghani , karzai ) in the past twenty years is an undirect support of the pashton taliban and isis against the poor anti taliban ethnics tajiks ,hazarah..., That was the US mistake !!!
Panjabis and the panjab farmers are recognized for their honest relationships.  They trust people easily, but trusting modi is costing the farmers........
After Lok sabha election speech till now when was he talk about Unemployment , Economic growth and development. Only Hindi and Muslim main Topic and media too
Wonderful Ajith ji, to see and hear the appreciation and recognition of the yeoman service you have done for journalism and farmers! 
Support farmers kyoki media channels bik chuke hai,it will not tell you the reality
Its in farmers hand how and where and when they want to see. Till they dont come into any agreement with the private organisation regarding their growing of vegetations. They can sell according to themselves if they are free from any binding. Its on farmers if they want to sell to any government bodies or anywhere in net. Farmers should decide completely in their moves. If according to the new bill they want to sell their product in any private organisations its on them. They can sell according to future rates or according to present rates thats should depend on them totally. Every profits gain should go to them. A government body should be formed which can look after the private mandis trade. There should be a government and 2 parties understanding where it should be memtioned about their future activities. The body should be given complete freedom to support and help the farmers and protect their gain or interests of anyway. It should be a clear transparency where state and central government should be earning by taxes and other means both in sarkari mandis or private. So government have to come into 2 job, thats providing safety and security and protection of farmers interests of anytype plus 2ndly to gain taxes in the mandis. It requires few clarification and changes in the law and the farmers can improve their vegetation and produce more keeping workers and labourers under them.
If farm laws are repealed, it will be an extremely alarming precedent, it will mean that vested interests who have ample of resources will have the ability to block reforms by a democratically elected majority government.
We Love Punjabians and support them eat ever they belongs india are pak are anywheres
Doubling of farmers income is an old jumla, nobody believes it.
Respect farmers, they're backbone of our country...
One question? .why farmers go to punjab from bihar and UP to work as assistant for getting msp ?(which provides their family needs)
Now godi's don't have any options rather supporting BJP, if they leaves Godi, India anyways never accept them..
The thing is , Farmers from Punjab won that's it.  And don't ever bark about development and compare india to china , US cause here seamless democracy is the sweet poison for India, we've seen in NRC, CAA, CAB we've seen in farmers law . So we gonna stay like that forever.
Reality is Farmers Know their Betterment more than any Politician.Because they Work in field not in Air conditioning Room.
Is there any correlation between your commentary and videos. You should the video after the incident and not the mowning down of farmers. This shows clearly which side the media is taking.
The only brave men in the Indian media rest r impotant
Someone in BJP even mentioned  14 percent can't do anything what will 2 percent will do that's what's wrong and inciting Punjabi farmers and compared it to shaheen bag well thats the result now history will remember this.
Thoda economics padhiye please. Farmers are operating in Perfect Competition. They are price takers. They need huge investment for thier growth. 
Finaly farmers won,jai hind
Like here in the states, smaller farmers will not survive and big farming corporations will buy their land at cheap prices...
.. punjabi Sikh Farmer are only 2% of total Farmers we can talk when at least 50%farmers are protesting
If the same police would have immerse latti charged or would have open fire or used air bullet then thies farmer would have played Victim card..shame on u Khalistanis..
To conclude this bill will enrich farmers and eliminate middlemen looters
Happy New year kissan union God bless you take care of you       MODI govt cancel all bills against farmers kissan is very powerful hard working educated jai jawan jai kissan
Happy that she was able to turn the attention of the nation towards the farmer issues.
Support Indian farmers from Australia
I request and urge all the readers and subscription members to download pdf of all 3 farm bill and read it by yourself. 
Thanks bro for raising farmers voice. You always raise events than need to be raised. 
A major point that youve missed out in your video is the fact that Bihar has already abolished  APMC mandis. Bihar farmers have suffered so badly that theyve had to move to Punjab and Haryana as labours on farms. Private players in Bihar buy 1 kg of cabbage for Rs1. So clearly these laws have been applied and is not beneficial for the farmers. So I guess they arent protesting for the heck of it. Also, the same model has been applied in America and France. Please do read about how the free market has ruined the lives of farmers. Clearly your research is not in place and your points are baseless!!
but these farmers have
I m very happy that u visited the site instead of some farzi peoples who were making negative comments abut our farmer brothers and u.
For telling the truth about the farmer, thank you from the heart, with your right knowledge, the country is becoming young, strong, the future of India is getting brighter.
Modi's "visionary" reforms, what was said before and after, by BJP and GODI media
Good presentation, i think he missed some part such as taxation part in mandi, govt have also imposed taxation in apmc but outside it is tax free, this strategy will push traders to deal outside apmc mandi n this is also 1 reason for farmer protest..also that they feel they will get dominance from private player so they need msp as a legal act in india to protect their survival..thirdly the process of proceeding against such contract taken place is also a point of disagreement by farmers...these points have missed out..
 3) Essential commodities amendment act, 2020 - 1. Remove commodities like cereals, pulses, oilseeds, onion, potatoes from list of ECs 2. Liberalising the regulatory env - Remove fears of private investors from excess regulation 3. Drive up investment in supply chain - eg. Investment in cold storage - 35-40% wastage due to lack of storage facilities and cost around 35000 cr to farmers 4. In case of emergencies like war, famine, natural calamity, these commodities can be regulated again - thus safeguarding int of consumers
Shame on delhi and Haryana police..working under BJP
I can guarantee one thing ..no one of them  can tell all 3 bills that is proposed by the modi govt.
"Jai Jaban ! Jai Kishan! "- All Bahadur Shashtri!  Shame on BJP and its followers! An assault on the soldiers or farmers of India is an assault on India...its a shame that today bjp and its supporters have slipped so low that they are referring to the farmers, the pride of India as " anti-indian"! I stand with farmers ! They never were treated nicely but now whatever minimum rights they had is being taken away for the profit of rich people!
Big day for Indian Farmers  
Delhi stands with farmers.
This farmer are blind as they can't see the truth
Bring back farmers law
I am from Bangladesh and I strongly support the farmers all over the Indian Subcontinent.
Please support farmers 
Meetings after meetings,date after date was scheduled but farmers right are not accepted . When andolan proceed forward they were shot death . Is this democratic India?
Well done Modi. Punjab is sure shot to come in BJPs ambit with Captain Amarinder.
The other farmers who support these laws should try to support these laws by counter protests.
We don't want see modi and faces..farmers  asking  M.s.p
Howsoever intelligent Abhijit Mitra may profess, comparing fall of Vajpayee Govt (which incidentally happened due to The Great Mr Subramanian Swami coaching Jayalalitha) and nuclear deal ( where opposition was purely political)  to Farm laws shows the fallacious nature of his overall thinking. Being a recent convert to bhakti (due to poor following of his earlier "superintelligent" rant against Modi) this absurd analogy is understandable
How dare they beat our farmers like that ? What happening in North India ?  That's why Tamil peoples hate bjp  we support our farmers.
This is the opportunity gov is luking for now godi media will defame thm
Farmers are lifeline of world ... salute farmers and bbc lifeline of truth
It's not about actually helping the farmers but it's all about making themselves feel better!
 Full Analysis of Farm Bills 2020.
I salute you prime minister modi ji I am farmer in punjab I am welcome to new farmer law in punjab thanks 
Strict action needs to be taken against these so called farmers! Enough is enough!
We stand with respected farmers 
Wonderful explanation but this should reach in to  the uneducated farmer's working day and night in fields to feed us over the years.
huge respect for you brother,thanks for covering farmers protest
There were atleast 60000 tractors on Delhi Roads and many more were doing tractor rallies is local area of Punjab, Haryana and other states of India. There will be more than 3 lakh tractors on 26th January and it will be largest Tractor rally in the world. It will be answer for Godi Media who were saying against farmers.
farmer are right in our profit
You are against to the actual farmers, you don't want them to get better price.
Agriculture sector me bhi farmers ke rights chin ke udar bhi privatization karna chate hai .Agricultural economy khatam kar use deformed karana chahte hai .corporates jab chahe paisa fek ke jo bill abhi pass hie hai uske tahat zamin chini jayengi aur unhe de di jayengi isika ka part hai contract farming .
MSP should be made compulsory even in private contract.......if pvt companies want to have the products directly from farmer they can bid higher than MSP
Now Modi ji took a step back by this but I hope you know when Modi took one step back then what will next.?? 
Farmers win 
BIG BUT POOR ,this mentality  of protesting farmers shows the wisdom of mass protest in India .
Nobody is looking main issue everyone is trying to turn it into politics. ..no body is interested in asking farmers their reason of crying  ..
well,seeing the sentiment of people turning more against farmers in the comment section it s more evident that govt itself have instigated this violence or have sent their people to do these violence or bhakts and IT gang are doing their job sincerely...
Industry is asked about the policies it wants but agriculture policy is decided without consulting farmers or agricultural scientist
Govt has lost the confidence of India that's why he has repealed the three draconian agriculture bill.defeat of democracy against authoritarian rule ,JAI JAWAN JAI KISSAN ,JAI BHARAT
# The key point the this guy missed is FPO , Farmer - Producer  -Organization which needs to be concurrently taken into this context
700 farmers have lost their life during to this wrong decision of Govt, which is now taken U -Turn, who is responsible for this. Rs50 lakhs compensation + Govt.job to one family member and a Memorial at Singhu Border is required to be constructed with all these Saheed.
It's not Farmer's protest It's protest for every nt so rich Indian citizens for there future.
It is not the victory of farmers , but the defeat of non farmers . Now non farmers will face the consequences .
SALUTE TO FARMERS 
Just i wana say that please support farmars its not only for them its also related to us at the end everyone do work for food soo please share this and support them 
You are great Ravishkumarji NDTV must started again I critisige BJP Govt
Lets see now taliban vs Indian army match in kashmir
Can't thank you enough our Farmers  for what they have done...after a looooooong time feeling like Democracy is still alive in our country
Amarendira Singh is going join BJP and now BJP is going to come to Power in punjab, that is the reason why.
Farmers want that msp written mein btayi jaye ki konsi crop pe kitna milega,,,
Farmers have crossed all limits, this should have happened.
Ese kahte hai real commitments  AAP SARKAR JAI HO . MODI SARKAR SAME ON U DIL SE BADUAA NIKALTI HAI MODI SAH RAJNATH SAB BJP WALO BACHOGE NAI HAMRI ANSU BAHA KE KAB TAK AIS KAROGE 
This is all planned by Pakistan, khalistani, muslim, opposite party,baniya, middleman
Ye kisan ke sath nhi h ye election k reaction h  up Ur Punjab me hone wale election h
We are with farmers.. Shame modi& bjp
Now tell me which one is more productive and which one is not? Did privatization kill all of those 40crore people that are earning more than those farmers?
This  is war between cow gang and farmers.
We Support Farmers
Sir you missed scrapping of NJAC by supreme court and probable reason for rolling out- elections in Punjab and UP
If, farmers are not getting the MSP is the main problem why is govt not trying to make sure they get the MSP. Why don't the govt create a highly effective body to regulate agricultural sector ( Something like SEBI ) ( SEBI is effective, right ?)
ek toa ye log modi ki announcement koa sunte nahi bara bar aur muu uthake aa jate hai, modi clearly said he is not happy with decision of repeal the law but now farmers are not understanding they have to repeal.
Don't say only punjab farmers.. 
Now in India especially in BJP rule state Meeting someone is also a CRIME
after 2022 state elections farms laws again will be implemented.
Wion change your video title. Three farm laws have not been repealed. Those will be repealed in the parliament until then it is only that farm laws "will be repealed" not yet repealed.
. even if highest of achievements  , neglecting agriculture will be a disaster  for a nation like ours.  The farmers be given the highest priority  but weed out the exploiters .
Rakesh Tiket ji well qualified I like his speech
Guys , Plz also make ur videos in hindi . Bcoz may be farmer and most citizen in india  needs to know all about this bill but they do not understand English. They are either hindi speaking or.any any regional language
Bro, in my opinion, the government, the parties are always plays dirty politics. They can do anything for the power. But politics on our national flag, police forces are not acceptable. I don't know how they (farmers) came inside the Red fort, but that is not easy to go inside in red fort. So I think very dirty politics has been played. And for farmers, the protest doing by them is only acceptable when it was in a peaceful manner. Violence is not accepted. And on the national flag, never. That's not easy to influence anybody. I know that violence will be done one day, but I didn't expected in this way. And about who did the mistake. I think, it was a mistake from both side. No one is innocent. The farmers as well as ALL parties are guilty behind this. And who are defending them (farmers and all parties), I don't expected that also. I am worried about my future and our future as I am only 16 years old. I can't live in this kind of environment which is going more and more destructive day-to-day. And I am not worried about the nation , the world, the nature. I am worried only about the thinking of the people around all our the world. If I say something wrong please forgive me.
These bill only support big corporate
i think farm laws are a way to empower farmers, the laws may not be perfect as of now but at least their is an initiative. Presence of government agents, middlemen has dwindled the ability of the farmers to grow from a labor to  businessman. some may be exploited but that will thrive them to grow. people in India want to have the same lifestyle and income as rich developed countries like US, Canada but they don't  want to work for it, they want it be handed to us by the government for no extra effort or cost. people need to grow out their mindset best form of governance is self governance.
Actually yesterday in Punjab, 131.14 lakh tonnes of wheat has been procured, which is an all-time record. I think your video doesn't cover the entire situation precisely. There have been multiple talks between the farmers and the government. The government is ready to make changes to the law. But the farmers are adamant that they will only accept abolishing of the laws. The entire situation is very complex and hard to understand! Also when you are reporting some numbers, you should take the covid situation as well into account!
Indian media world ranking 142 congratulations  , jute chato politicians k ...
Only police have the rights to use violence and batons against Farmers. Its a free country and so are farmers. They can use sticks too.
Shame this godimedia channels... how can this chatugiri increase day by day
We care about all section of Indian, regardless thier  religious, cast ....if farmers don't want any reforms in thier life ....let them enjoy ordinary old systems, Let rich aadatia  continiuesly exploit them....but don't blame modi modi..... unfortunately a major huge section of farmers Deprived from these reforms.... farmers could have sit together with govt, can ask necessary amendment & suggestions in these reforms or any other bills... instead trying To bow down Modi image.... I believe this farmers big loss of Indian farmers....let's hope one day they will find correct solution... 
Please dont make more controversy in Kangana Ranaut and Diljit Dosanjh please do focus on only on farmer protest this is my humble request sir
I'm sad for the country like India where reforms like these are discouraged and on the same hand people expect economic development or sectoral development..... It's just absolute loss to our country that these laws are being repealed
Jahan neta udhr peaceful jahan nhi vahan updrhv...mazak bna diya hai Republic day ko ...Shrm karo ab to hadd hogi hai .. I'm against Bill but this is worst rally ever carried out
MSP procurement happens in 23 States for paddy and 12 States for Wheat and It is the ignorance of Tikait and his paid leaders. In other commodities marketable surplus is not there. SKM is not demanding inclusion of Maize. (in Bihar & MP), Jowar (MH), Bajra (Rajasthan), Mandua (Uttrakahand) in PDS system bcoz it will affect the procurement of wheat and paddy in Haryana and Punjab.
Modernity, tech have no say over farmers nature based, soil based environmental farming should be adopted
So, what I mean is to say, is to essentially to educate Farmers on such issues, and this comes under State List. 
I thought he tells about benifits of farm laws but he telling about BJP 
Tikat is never going to  be happy.  What has he done for farmers with his black money. Or helped farmers.  Nothing. He is mixed with anti elements. So nothing can happen..
waiting for these so called protestors to protest against punjab govt as well.... jaha pr contract farming me kisaan ko jail ka praavdhaan hai... but wha se to inko grants aa rhe hai maalik k khilaaf thodi bolenge
Tikait has got political ambitions. The other side, so called kisans, are also crossing limits. How to control them...Could they be be allowed to do anything under garb of some Andolan.
There is a concerted effort by Godi Media and GOI agencies to not show the depths and seriousness of this protest. So ordinary citizens across India has not understood the gravity of situation for farmers - the hand that feeds Billions in India including the rich and common.
Farmer leader's point about MSP is cent percent right
If U Don't Consider The Problem Solution (Law) Do Seem To Be A problem. I Even Started To Doubt My Belief And Understanding About These Bill After Watching Your Video. I Do Hope Your Video Help The Farmer Protest Because It Sure Doesn't Help The Farmers.
Again and again Khalistani elements are using the veil of farmers protest... 
Do you understand the impact MSP buyout by government has on the environment?? Farmers are sticking to easy crop and wrong methods of farming irrespective of the demand since they are confident that government will have to buy their unsold produce at MSP..
We are with farmers
FOR FARMERS( THEIR LEADERS WHO ARE DPONDORED BY OPPOSITION) BHARATH  IS ONLY COVERING FEW AREAS OF STATES WHERE  ALL 26 PIECENEAL OPPOSITION PARTIES HAVE SOME SUPPORT STILL.Statewise agitation fizzled out.So now to show that entire nation agitated by giving some photos of pre-planned gatherings destroying govt property like what they did in DELHI.
I'm a farmer, I appreciate the farmers are hard-working and feed the country. But I disagree with anyone blocking the roads.
Thank you Sir for genuine reporting, kisan ekta zindabad love from the UK 
I really appreciate this. We have to support our farmers. Just because of them we are getting food each and every day... Good job dil se foodie team
The onion thing really squeezed the farmers in nashik one day they were getting good money for onions for once and next day crash to bottom lows
1) Scientific knowledge should be provided in Laymen's way to farmers to make their crops,water restoration,soil and fertilizers usage better.
MODI govt cares about farmer's interest just as much as GODIMEDIA care about Journalism....
from farmer, so there are chances that in future these companies will 
Whatever decision Our Most respected PM Modiji takes is in India's interest & thus is acceptable to all the citizens of India.Ling live Modiji.
Atlast Modi also cannot save Indian Farmers . More farmers will be affected without reforms .
Mulching will increase incomes by reducing costs for fertilizers and water and increasing yields . Mulched soil is healthier and holds water better. Farmers could share a mulching machine and it can go from farm to farm to share the cost. There needs to be more people that care about the environment in India. There is a climate crisis. We must stop polluting the environment. Maybe the government should subsidize mulching machines for farm groups.
No amount of peaceful protest will get the justice from traitors, culprits bandits, anti nationals,these are true anti nationals killing farmer.
Clause wise bills to protect MSP , APMC  mandi, storage, funding farming, with kisan unions. Political publicity mongers ,opportunists  fake social workers, NGO,sevaks, brokers, in Bahrupiya- disguise be segregated and punished severely
I AM MODI SUPPORTER BUT THIS TIME
IF U EAT FOOD THANKS A  FARMER............DONT BITE THE HAND THAT FEEDS U
Yes you are right I am also from farming, most of our farmers don't know the facilities / rights/ what is MSP and all, first the government must provide the good platform to know them and information should be easily accessible. And rest goes well
Offcourse MSP kanoon is not that simple to be taken by the ruling government it will take minimum not less then minimum two years to come to a conclusion so feel mr Rakesh ticket will block the highway for another two year's it's really disgusting who will give support to near by villagers foe their livelihood of the kidans On aandollan pay their expences they Are wellcome otherwise through them out of the Premises only solution wake up India jai hind
rakesh tikat true picture of 21st century farmer
Even the farmers can join and form cooporatives .
Lastly, I'm no BJP supporter. I'm from Bengal and the aware people would know well what it means for BJP and it's support base.
But more 90 % of farmers have nothing to do with these laws. Its media that has hyped them and agitation against them. We in the West & South are taking advantage of many newly introduced facilities for farmers. Booking rail wagons to send farm produce to far away places , using digitally connected markets to get better rates than local mandis or selling directly to online retailers like JioMart , Bigbasket etc. More and more farmers are taking to organic and zero budget farming. These laws do not matter to us either way.
AJIT JI you are truly a great journalist who has been selected for a such reward by the public it's more than a prejudiced " BHARATRATNA "Let see the godi media .
India democratic country hai, bill pass karna hai to sahi se karo
Minorities right's are big problem in india. The muslims & sikhs have to live according to law. That what a secular country do. But i don't think so BJP GOV. is good with that. I'm not looking any future of BJP in coming time. Modi's last tenure bring india to verge of lost their land.
It's strange that only farmers who owns Audi BMW range rover and are from Punjab only opposing this bill.
Farmers : YES!
i am surprised, even after so much following, your facts and figures are not making any difference. and this party keeps winning. who is voting? why people cant understand this? so the question rises, is just godi media making all the difference? or is their a real different thought process in the population who follow bjp ideals. i am educated, and yet i am confused.
It was not controversial... they were very good laws. Now these uneducated farmers will bring the indian economy down ffs
The farmer anger is understood but the same farmers were trying to pretend that they were efficient producers. 
Stringent action should be taken against miscreants Artis and agents.. They are not Hard working farmers...
Rich farmers of 2-3 States won the game. Worst part is even congress and many farmers opposed it even though these laws were first proposed by Congress by the support of farmers at that time .
Well explained Sir.. i am a farmer's Son and i really appreciate you speak for farmers.
Thanks for the video. Just one quesiton to the people opposing this bills. If farmer wont get a MSP from a Private company, why cant he go back and sell in APMG/Mandi as usual where he gets the MSP. These are newly added laws but aren't replacing any current laws.
Sir I never had the exposure or dream to become an IPS because I grew up in an environment where we only discussed Punjab and Khalistan. But today at age 45, i feel my life has totally been transformed and I owe you a lot. I feel not only educated but confident in most current affairs.  Love from Canada
Govt. wanted to stop the suicidals , and poor living conditions of farmers. Govt. will not stop any subsidies or procurement through FCI, nor ration system. And all 138 crore people cannot depend on ambanis mall for buying rice and foodgrains. Do you think ambani,/ adani have malls in all over india.
The bill was past in the parilment the farm laws have to repeal should be done in the parilment not merely announcing.
The paid khalistanis which are the supporter of congress party and the leftist ...
Era of Modi humiliation, every where, within India against neighbours even with so called friendly governments like Americs, Iran and Afghanistan.
These farmers need to move on to a more sustainable business model. Right now they are living on charity through indirect subsidies like MSP and free electricity, Are the indian farmers not capable of living without charity?
Police must join with farmers, your brothers.
This man should be baared from using any product by the farmers then he will realise who are farmer's.. 
Yr kis tarah k log ho apny ki farmers py tear gas phenck rahy ho??
Modi ji uour govt is showing weakness and antinational movement by Tikat is doing the way he want to disturb contry environment
This is a great victory for our farmers against the government. Feels like we have won against dictatorship.
Shameless modi India has never had such a shameless pm in history.. he is ruining India.
Many farmers in my village are unhappy with the repeal. But I think they deserve to not deserve these laws.
Whether the government has taken into account the livelihood dependants on agriculture other than farmers while stick to passing the bill. I doubt, the farmers will be benefitted whatsoever. Rather, the attitude shown in the floor of rajyasabha, seems beneficiaries are some else. In the long run, entire agriculture will be monopolized by the business tycoons as it is seen in Europe, America, Canada n so on.
Im against this law as it exploits the farmers . The contract farming  is something farmers feared as it give open permission to udyogpatis to exploit farmers and removing MSP will bring our farmers below poverty line which could be disastrous and can lead to famines and depletion of economic liberalism and turning indian economy into capitalist economy whic can be pretty fatal for our country  . Jai kisan , kisan ekta zindabad
Godi media...learn a lesson...how to earn respect like Ajit Anjum, NDTV, Navin kumar reporting..
May God protect our farmers so many old people
But I don't want him to be a minister not even mla. He deliberately not understood farm bills and used farmers to polish his politics. 
Aaj se sarey farmers will be crorepati and no more suicides lol
*_All the decisions should be made by FARMERS , RS should listen to farmers not the ruling party_* 
TATA is Investing in BigBasket . So They can Make Farmers rich, selling their Produce (Products) abroad.
It's about a certain community of one particular state's protest, the state that exports it's agriculture fruit to US and here he's exaggerating it as whole Indian farmers are against the law..  His own race is not safe in US, stop being popularity/money minded, work lil bit for your local first..
I'm strongly support modi, but if bjp bring this bill,,than believe me bjp forget about center, they can't even getting any provincial govt. & first-time rahul saying right, i know even he doesn't know anything about this matter, 
Thank you for speaking about the Farmers protest really appreciated 
You did tell us how farmers were affected by the APMC act.. Very nice.. (Yeh to sabhko pata chal gaya hai) 
It seems the consumers are the ones who would be affected more than the farmers. Besides, some sort of safety is being to provided to the farmers which brings them to the positive side.
Rather than farm reforms, India need judiciary and police reforms, but politicians and bureaucracy doesn't talk about that, because they are abusing it to fullest.
lets see if godi media will hold debates on this or not, or even air this video on their channel
Does the Pakistani ISS regret supporting the Taliban now? Will Afghanistan annex Waziristan?
4. They think they are weaker in negotiation positions, if that is the case then why can't they do collective selling so that many farmers will negotiate and sell it. Then they will have a higher hand. They themselves will come for selling in any areas.
Since agriculture is a state subject, states should have been taken into confidence. Centre has encroached state's jurisdiction. Though at present MSP is being continued there is a scope for it's end, which endangers farmers interests. Though the objective of the bills is said to be elimination of middlemen namaste, indeed small middlemen would be replaced with huge corporate houses, which means centralization, scope to form syndicate and dictate terms. Meanwhile large number of so called middlemen render jobless and thrown into poverty. I. e, amassing wealth by a few individuals. Repealing essential service commodities act or removing food grains is a great harm to public. It gives traders huge scope to create artificial scarcity and hoard, fleecing public money. I'm sighting horrible future and terrible exploitation.
Farmers are clearly well informed. Look at the discussion, the police wala doesn't know a thing.
WOW!!!! Thrilled to see this kind of coverage of tractor parade.Thanks to Harp Farmer Pictures.Why dont modi media showing this.
Unfortunately debt will have to be paid by small farmers which would have got the most advantage from three farm laws. 
Sir iam fan of your lectures but I don't agree with the minimum support price which was given by Indian government , Basically farming sector is the most hard one comparing to any other sector but the amount they get from it is very less or camparitavily loss ,Due to this situation many Farmers do suicides because of loss ,Iam not against Indian government but When ever we take private people in any sector they will think about profit , so here government should strictly give guidances for prices in the same way we should reduce the paddy growing cost , By encouraging machines in agriculture sector by giving subsidy for Farmers , I am agreeing Government is giving subsidy but it is not reaching the poor Farmers it were distributed among rich landlord Farmers by using their political influence, In my point government should encourage to reduce the cultivation capital and  Give proper Guidance for minimum support price properly in ground level , because people has no option that why your not buying my paddy as Government Markets because we have right to question the government but here private people mainly concentrate on profit government should take proper measures to overcome it
You don't know how on the name of farmers peoples are working as a protest more than 50 percent in the protest they are broker which take farmers money and for that government has passed the law by which all the broker will lose their money and all the money will go too farmers pocket..
farmer turns violent? rab kare anchor te rabb same situation paye
Thanks to bjp all indian are united against these evil devil
His sorry is for his supporters n surely not for khalistanis , who have been defending the iconic farm laws all these years.Ngl i was shocked myself but the guts to accept that the party somewhere failed their supporters deserves appreciation , dont wanna sugar coat anything but lets wait n watch.
Lets have another agriculture revolution for our farmers Kisaan Ekta Zindabaad 
This is why Modi is in power. He will next election too
1) - Farmers produce (Trade and commerce) Act - 
If the value of tomatoes increased in market then farmers has to gain their money according to contact right 
We support BJP
Just sit back hold on for some more months and do not vote for the existing government, instead choose one independent candidate who represents farmers. Govt. got a massive vote share in last up elections that's why they are so egoistic
Stand with farmers
Never hurt  farmers. Their  need  comes
Its tragedy for small farmer
This mainly give profit to private companies or government but it minimize the profit of farmer
However, he could not do anything by staying in Congress. He therefore left the Congress and decided to go with Modi-Shah. SAD also promised support to any move in the national interest but it was against Farm Laws for reasons best known to them.
Farmers were protesting for the past 60 days and yet didn't resort to violence 
Stand out of herd behaviour and try to understand laws logically that only aims to eliminate middlemen who takes away 40 t0 60pc farmers price wealth.
Production cost increase five time ..if modi ji asked farmers income increased five times..
Feeling very proud for my farmers
this is where our india leading to shame on you indian govt ! how mercelessly indian army is dealing with indian farmers !
It was all planned from day one canadian khalistanis funded these people and used farmers protests the protest itself was pointless why protest against something that your own farmers in majority asked for? Did the farmers no ask for private firms to buy their produce so they can get most of the money instead of government?
Prepration of UP and Punjab election.
This Bill could be the progressive medium for development of farmers but if we focused loop holes and do some amendments we it could work even better. Don't just look it as a political agenda. Government should unite the farmers. Opposing just because of  political support is not good. Something  are practically difficult to apply but alterations could help to improve.
Whole Nation is with you farmers for don't implement 3 new rules.
Respect for the farmers but this is not the way you deal with the government... We respect BABU bcoz of the non violence protest.. This is unacceptable...
11) One specific political party which never even supported our Armed formed with good weapons is high on supporting rowdy farmers? Our IAF were still flying 40 year old planes when 15 year old scooters are scrapped! 
Not a BJP supporter at all but I feel this reform is good.
STAND with FARMERS! Yes we are  Thanks for your ground reporting maam.
No farmers no food
What after Bharat Bandh ? Frustration of oppositions visible on their faces. Farmers doing everything except farmers cause.
Big loss of poor farmers
Only reason to repeal is upcoming election 
4.entire India knows that KHALISTANI elements have entered the protest.
The laws are good. Look outside punjab and you will realize how much private participation is required for other farmers who do not get government support on price.
I have been a BJP supporter for long time. Never have i been this dissapointed. The farm law was revolutionary in many aspects. Now every opposition party will think they have won.
India need mixed economic policy. Not all private or public. What is the problem to set msp. The reason is to loot farmers. Your old video on this subject very informative not this one.
Thank u for supporting farmers.. they need us 
Sir your role in this protest is unpredictable very highly respected personality on social media belive it or not your contribution in this victory is more than 70% I'm your regular follower a big fan of your Supperb Couverage TRILLIONS of Sallutes STAY SAFE THANKS GOD BLESSINGS
Go ahead Farmers of Indian go ahead
Kya baaat hai modiji , hum to Ben 10 aur chotta bheem dekha karte the , aaj bacche bacche news dekh rahe hain
Very upset by the  farmers agitation  and the wrong step by the opposition.  Thanks a lot Sir for explaining.
Fear of UP Punjab elections
Shocking! Terrible crime against India's farmers, Indian citizens. Shame on UP government.
3 the farmers that went to redfort  were wrong 
Dear omniscient sir, when u supported the bill ,u could have foretold the same then .
        OMG ! Pardon me for voting BJP in the last elections on the behest of Badal 
This is the Datta Samant moment for Indian farmers. If they don't stop at the right time they should just look at what happened with famous textile mills of Mumbai. You cannot have MSP that is declared by the govt on all agricultural produce. The markets will fall and then traders will resort to cheaper imports. Consumers will also adjust, it is the farmers that will have no where to go. I fear for the farmers, hope better sense prevails and the protests are at least called off now.
/marginal farmers are usurped by the Rich / Super Rich farmers. NRI 
*No one begrudges anyone, including farmers, to become rich and wear BOSS or Calvin Klein on marching protests. But these Rich Goons are **_Bullies_** who have held the govt at ransom and are actively suppressing the Poor Farmer in Bihar, UP, Odisha etc (who barely has a torn **_baniyaan or gunjee_** to wear) and who mostly ends as wage laborer for these Rich Goons in Punjab etc*
Great, Now can you please also do a video on how rich countries like the US and Canada exploit loopholes at the WTO and don't allow not so rich countries/developing economies to support their farmers directly through Central Government funding
For 1 to 2 percent of farmers you sacrifice 99 percent farmers of India 
My msg to those if u don't understand the farm bill and support govt so please spend a month or few days with farmer in their field
Wish good health and victory for our farmer's protest
well government must ensure the corruption free farmers system..and  looking at the current agriculture situation.....all three laws are indeed necessary to bring revolution in farming and make farmers well connected to the business world so that they can increase their income ....but all i can see these so called farmers agitation is in reality are  political moves ..or we can say its anti modi agitation nothing else..
Indians stands with farmers... Modi's bill only for corporates
I don't know what is right or its getting quite difficult to understand about this bill it's right r wrong but in INDIA every day 40% of food is wasted without even using it. hungers rate increasing day by day . So I don't think so what ever the rules we had till are not much use full
Now farm laws being repealed I don't see any political party or polititian would even touch it no matter how good or bad the laws will be
Scrap the three black farm laws Jai Kisan support farmer
Kudos to those who are still supporting BJP.
5. Khalistan Flags in Farmers protest
thank you farmers for uniting the country again 
Hello  Mr PM are you mad,, next we won't vote you,  once again u proved u against of farmer,, broker modi
Official slogan of indian farmers "Jo bole so nihal"
Nobody never ever support these broker middleman mandi walas. encounter him atleast real farmers will trade peacefully
Agree. Whether elections or national security govt can't repeal laws which are passed in assembly. What about farmers in rest of the country? Only middlemen of punjab and haryana were really protesting for their vested interests. This will only lead to emboldening of the opposition/separatist. Now opposition knows how to make lame duck of modi govt. Start more protests. Now they can organize more protests to bring back article 360, repeal CAA, etc.
Defeat bjp and nda in coming state elections will be forced the central govt for reducing the petrol, diesel, gas prices. The only option to reduce high price is defeat of bjp. teach bjp a lesson via defeat in coming election, they will be forced to reduce petrolium price.
If the farmer's stick fell, he is asking for forgiveness. Because there are five states elections. This banda has started showing some drama again. Look through speech and gestures, it is clearly visible.
Dear Modiji, kick this anti- national elements so strong that this fellows remain their balance life on stretcher
I just wish that I get exploited like HIMACHAL PRADESH'S farmers ... I also wanna buy kilos of gold after apple season......i also want that my children get into drugs because of money abundance at home .....I also want my children to crash kia seltos and get a new car next day ....i want adani to exploit me ....i want to be Himachal Pradesh's farmer
4. Now there wouldn't be any storage limit,thus Ambani Adani ' hundreds acres godowns will be used to store poor farmers yield
up me aab yahi hoga corona corona essi me hi bolne ka himmt h election ke rally me toh bol nhi paogi
8. All want farm reforms. Punjab and Haryana farmers unions want to repeal and rest of indian country farmers  are happy that they can sell
It is just a matter of time. BJP has already lost Punjab, Haryana, Uttarakhand and parts of UP. People do not trust BJP at all here.
Free Punjab and haryana  stop oppression by bjp Australia supports 
Godi media will not show this
I'm farmers and I know#FARMBill2020 is in interest of Farmers
debate, discussion sounds good for the farmers indeed should have happened ideally..but history tells us ..that it will not take the good anywhere.. even what is good for the farmers.. atleast not with this opposition.
Madam ji there are no laws in place to safeguard the farmer private companies will use every tactic to get maximum profits if they get control of farming sector . This is from government point .
Whats lost is lost. US (and UK, NATOs or IMF etc) should now salvage some hope by supporting the moderate Taliban leaders to control extreme factions; send in humanitarian assistance ASAP; give money so they can pay for starving citizens.    We must do everything we can to prevent civil war.
For those who says farmers are getting paid for what they harvest , then military also got paid bro 
Where is meenakshi lekhi who called farmers mavali. 
Sir plz read this.. > what if bjp do not win in majority in next election ,, what are the predictions in that case
 atrocities on Physically Handicapped in India be it by the Punjab Govt 
Those who condemn these attacks on farmers, must Share and like it so that it should be shared by YouTube and get the justice from the system. The justice should be done and the culprit, however powerful and rich they are must be punished and brought to justice.
The farmers who celebrate this are applauding their own decline. Punjab used to be richest state now middle of the pack. All the youth going Canada etc. They think they are good because Biharis, UP labourers come and work. But one day even these states will overtake. Read hare and tortoise story. Punjab got headstart with green Revolution but became complacent. Just want to work fields, missed out on manufacturing. 
The father of Andbhakts bowed down. I'm sure that now the Andbhakts will call Modi G a Khalistani and will never vote for him 
BJP will get zero in UP assembly election. Congress will come back
Rules were imposed by modi govt. Farmers have no acceptance of these despotic rules
Farmers bill is not wrong but there are some loopholes which govt have to fix it.
CAN'T DESCRIBE HOW MUCH I RESPECT ALL FARMERS.
these bills were supposed to be for the happiness and well being of the farmers if they are not happy who the hell is modi trying to appease?? end this bullshit let india show its democracy let the farmers vote on it.
Huhuhh... My parents literally only watch Pro-BJP News, so I had a pretty Pro-BJP mind... Tho I always wondered, y there are such huge protests wen the media claims that there is nothing to worry about..
Thanks to all farmers 
Sir, do you think that any trader will be able to give the maximum rate of his crop to the farmer, if not, will there be any law on it
theek hai phir this time UP and Punjab ka election result pataa lag gaya.
2nd now left people joined to put their agenda infront, just in the name of support to farmers ! 
Good move. If the rest of the farmers which are majority and are in need of the same should stop remaining silent and start speaking
I agree with farmers
It should be made applicable to all such cases where parents have died intestate (without preparing any Will) from year 2015 onwards. This amendment must be immediately brought in this monsoon session by BJP if they at all care for old age citizens.
people living in big cities can not feel how the farmers are suffering
Though the bills have been explained nicely, many of clauses which are meant to benefit only the corporates have been conveniently left out intentionally or unintentionally for which the farmers are protesting. Few among the many are listed below:
How come every Indian I know or speak too hates modi?
The print is supported by the special interest, and you are working for them. The long term plan is to get rid of most farmers and let big private corporation run the farms just like in western countries. Then the farmers have to work for them on minimum wages. The rest of them have to go to cities and live in small flats and pay rent and depend on the government for their living. This drama has already happened in western countries, and now is happening in India.
ALREADY TALIBAN HS CAPTURED MANY PLACES IN AFGHANISTAN. NOW THERE WILL BE A TROUBLE FOR INDIA. WE MUST BE VERY STRONG AT THIS MOMENT AND AT EVERY MOMENT
Only Middleman (mediators) are unhappy with this bill as they r scared of competition...its good for Farmers as they can sell it to anyone who are ready Pay them Higher price.
Sikhs do not need any certificate from anyone, anywhere in the world, they just do great wherever they go. They love their country of birth and respect all countries they live in. They are central pillars of India and Pakistan.
It seems the protesting farmers are clueless and don't have the authority to decide. The power to decide lies else where.
We need bhakt banerjee on the farmer law issue.
United We stand, divided we fall, full support to my farmer brother from a Hindu 
This bill is actually good adn will help farmers a lot. only these madivalas are angry because they wont get money from exploiting the farmers...
Its defeat of real farmers today. Again politics wins over development again in India. I think now real farmers should educate themselves and ask the question to their leaders.
All this laws have been imposed for the future planning. Punjab is the border state in india, which has land access to countries like Pakistan, Arabs and Russia. In future there will be no petrol or diesel and will be replaced by electric transports. { Short cut routes will be essential for transport}. So Adani and Ambani wants to own Punjab to take over the trade in future. These laws are to finish the land owners in Punjab and when there is no landlords then adani and ambani can control the trade in future. Punjab is the pathway for agriculture business in future worth billions of DOLLARS. First weaken the farmers and then take over their land. Then adani and ambani owns Punjab. Punjab is being looted for more then 40 yrs now... Drugs have been deliberately and purposely supplied into Punjab to weaken their youth. Bollywood is given the main role into supplying the deadly  stimulant,  people nowadays have trust on bollywood gods. This fight should be for all Bhartis not only Farmers, because these suckers are coming up to steal everything from us. Some countries are looking forward for these change for their benefit. Don't you think you all should wake up now. How much poor you want to be ? These riches ones are not originally  Bhartis. They are the lineage of italian , Israels etc. Fight now or NEVER.  May God destroy the blood suckers. { This statement has been simplified for ease understanding for everyone.}  Please watch the ' I goat  Pet II ' video as well.
Respect for Indian Farmers
Farmers too much depends on government that is the main problem.  Give them freedom to sell their products according to their wish
Punjab farmer lobby is different!!
Support farmers of india
3 saal se farmers andolan kar raha hai...  anna has been given note in which corection is required....Anna lost his credibility.. 
We stand with farmers they are fighting their battle with all their bravery, More power to our real heros, our farmers 
I guess after 2024 (after election)ye bills vapas aayenge or 2029 baad.
Very sad....the death of farmers is showing actually the death of democracy in India.....really sad....
GOVT . LEADERSHIP  CANNOT GO AGAINST THE WILL OF THE FARMERS...They are the essence of INDIA...AND THEY HAVE A RIGHT TO OPPOSE ANY AGRESSION.
People who are saying, government betrayed them to repeal farm laws.
You go farmers you got my attention
# longlive the farmers of India
Discussion must be took placed with farmers prior to passing bill if BJP acted behalf of farmer's welfare.this is ambani and adani tricks.It is right time for all Indian to united along with farmers to protest against privatsation.Pls look at the price rise for food and in fuel to all commodities.corpoate companies are become rich and hardworking people become poor under BJP leadership. Farmers has open the eyes of others.this is wake up call why petrol price in india always raising each and every seconds?not reducing while international market price drop.it is in Government hand or private hand??....
Farmers should demand nationalization all Adani owned food items storage facilities. 
Some Farmers are unable to understand the vision of PM Modi. He always looks beyond 20 years and does things. It's unfortunate that farming sector won't be able to move forward.
Taliban is welcome if settlement a business treaty between India- Taliban
Such nagative coverage , dude chill, things will be good , be positive , they r on roads for they rights, Respect to farmers.
As a son of a Chinese farmer, you have my support. Farmers should be respected, we are Not social liability but greatest producer producer
Well done farmers you all are right on your way
Being from family of small farmers we have no hope now.
So, if only 5% of farmers use APMC in the first place - why are farmers protesting the fact that markets outside of APMC will stop getting taxed?
Only 6% farmers are able to buy at MSP+ rates.
The matter is serious and media too should help the public of India to understand the timeline of this crucial protest with the point wise explanation of the Kisan Act 2020 and the point wise demand and changes requested by the farmers of India, esp. the North West. The Pros and Cons of the Farm Bill 2020 and the pros and cons of the demand of the Farmers protesting since 9 months.
Still, it is disgusting to see large chunk of Indian Diaspora abroad, they want equal rights abroad, but side with fascist regime of Modi back home!
Election aa gye h isliye teeno kanun vapas liye h brna Kisan  shaheed ho jate but ye  chor chaukidar teeno kanun return nhi leta
Just imagine Tomar or Goyal telling Modiji about their lack of Conviction; like Sushmaji could  to Vajpayeeji. Other times, other Leaders.
Well done Karan paaji keep going and doing this great job we are with you and our Ann Data our country's  farmers
I do think the laws should be repealed. Government handling the situation and also (seems to be) passing off the bill hastily without much conversation or thought here has been a major issue, and has been my constant complaint about the current government. Having said that, I do feel  bias on any side is still a bias, and to me showing one side of the story (regardless of whether I agree or not) and not including other opinions on the subject, and putting the narrative  from a different view (so as to not tackle the main issue) still is biased. This will just help all of us to enforce our biases even more and make people write hateful comments(based on which side they fall). Not sure how people can make informed opinions based on this video.
When Indians allowed Modi to barricade Kashmir they did not know that they had given him license to do so also within India.
We are farmers from Gujrat.  We was doing better with the new laws. These people did not understand the new law, so we have to go back to old times. Silly people
Take farmer laws back.....
Farmer law should leave on the decision of state government.
Govt should take suggestions of farmers  before making any law.
Its all modi fault modi go agree with farmers Highway. Will reopen. Same day.  Why he no care.
Historic victory for farmers and our Democracy 
It's just for the time being. As soon as up elections gets over they'll pass the same bill again
the panel member appointed by the SC summed up everything with his statement, the 90% of farmers i.e going to remain poor for the next 50 years without any reform, congress party explodes in celebration!
5. The price to be paid for the purchase of a farming produce may be determined and
As a son of farmer I am happy
Victory to mere annadata, long live their union samyukta morcha.  Sunte hain ki 600 se jyada kissan shaheed hue. Jo ab chunao se pehle hua wah agar modi shah ji pehle kar dete to achha hota. 
Farmers is  Great
For example.. if a farmer think selfishly who can culitavate for himself and his family... We never get food please support farmers .
10. On jan 26,2021 farmers unions done tractor rally and in that lot of Iron rods, Swords carrying rioters injured 200 police men 
10:38 Demand of Farmers
Those cars had killed protesting farmers .please atleast for once show the truth
this withdrawal may pave way for the stats to paass tbeir own farm laws .the majority of punjab farmers are the one striking
In the European Union the EU govt has given subsidies of 54 billion dollars since 2006 to support its agriculture sector to help it sustain simply as it was not profitably viable in the large scale but its something without which no one can sustain.
When Taliban seized power in Afghanistan, Modi was giving an independence day speech. Is Modi a taliban friend. As a Bangladeshi i felt bad that a good leader like Modi can support terrorism
New history is created by Farmers!!
We should respect farmers and especially from punjab haryana as they contribute a lot to our economy and also the sikh people are right in the demands. If modiji want to make india like Venezuela then we all cannot let that happen. We need to stand for farmers and we will fight till the end to ensure government withdraws this new rule.
Sir no place except Punjab were creating issues with the laws. Even Congress states and Communist States accepted the laws without any issue. You of all know that the laws benefits the farmers directly.
Opposition duty is to stop Modi ji from doing good for country.  All past issues r example for these drama
Long live the farmers' unity!
Bc ghanta kisan h ye ....khalistani ha ...4 logon ko mara h inhone ....clearly visible h video main .....
Sir, I think you are taking these farm bills very positively. But do you think things work this way on the ground? Fact is if buyer is going to decide price even before farmer produces crop then MSP automatically becomes Max Selling Price! If your question is How ; then just think, corporates and politicians has better control over who can reach farmers and % deals among them will become more legal .. please dont look at only positive side of law, India need laws which are leak proof .. I hope I am making some sense. Please react to my opinion.
and then they say they are civilized people, oh this is from Pakistan? indian media? hmmm nothing so far on Pakistan, pretty strange india meda
I have asked my father, uncle and many neighbors why they are not selling in APMCs, all have said onething the process of APMC is very slow they have to waiting for long time, its not possible for them bcz they borrowed some money form a land lord, so his pressure on them will be ther and sometimes wether may not be supported, these small farmers doesn't have storage facility, and many things stops them.
Lots of Respect for the farmers, they are very hard-working and they really fighting against the wrong decisions..
i have no patience to each listen to tis police officer in video.... if u expected thousands of farmers to b in ur control... yaar... ur guilt is causing u to do tis video n gain sympathy by blaming pitiful farmers..... its common sense that protest has to be resolved ASAP to avoid violence.... but u let lakhs protest for months n expect farmers to maintain patience. Even a child in my house knows to stop a quarrel wen its just initiated to avoid a fight.... 
What ever bjp said before, non of assurance implemented. Instead of that petroleum products, domestic gas prices  are increased to four folds.
Farmer cultivate and eat himself,if all crop on msp then purchaser only  thirty crore,he will purchase on higer rate.
2) If new markets are formed & used well, how is the farmer being ensured of not getting fleeced & get a decent price, even if he were to get a price below MSP?
We support Indian farmers 
Dry runs to create civil intrest and communal flare up were successfully taken in Non-BJP ruled states like MH, WB, Rajasthan, Arunachal, Kerala, Andhra, etc. Raza Academy was roped in by the enemy within living on the donations from Soros and the likes of Bill Gate Foundation and Clinton Foundation. 
God bless India and it's Farmers.
Highly appreciate your work. Thank you for giving clarity about this. Otherwise, Godi media has gone to next level.
All thing did with intentions of saving chunawjivi (Election play).... Played such game After 750+ killed farmers
Best explanation so far. Thanks a lot. MSP should be legal mandate. I support 100%. Some additional points. Farmers need to educated and united on large scale. Then it will require minimum interference from government and law to stop exploitation. Same can be said in case of ola uber taxi drivers.
See Pepsi Co and what they tried to do to Gujrats farmers with Potatoes. Blows your mind. In UK and U.S we wish we knew corporates tricks.
Finally, Yogi ji in angry mood.
Sir Today your company or other company already purchase wheat  direct farmers.
This video is simply one of the best I have found breaking down the whole Farm Bills...thank you so much.
#with farmers
Very happy to see young people supporting our farmers  Jai kisan...
Just curious, do Sikhs make up a majority of India's farmers? Most of those protestors belonged to the Sikh faith? Did Hindus farmers also protest against these agrarian reforms?
All of those people who are supporting the "farmers", please note that you claim that there should be market reforms and then when those reforms come, you all chicken out and show your inertia.
Indian Farmers we stand by you..keep it up lots respect
Respect  Best wishes to all farmers brothers who fought and won for their rights against dictatorship rule of modi in democratic country. 
An image is picture or build on facts.But CM modi built on development.  Development now is negative in all parameters governance  both internally & intentionally   .Inclusive also  a lie and take  today journalist, farmers,effecincy & effectiveness in ruling..importantly  collision partners. Bring down Modi Shah  rather speaking about Congress Raghul which is good to country your motto of good journalism
Now I realise the Farmers are fighting for consumer as well ....
Next time no Modi only Yogi.
#StandWithFarmersChallenge #Poetry #KisanAndolan #KisanPoetry #Farmers #SupportKisanProtest #Government #KisanEktaJindabad #ChalChalReKisan
More defeat to BJP CAA/ NRC will also be repealed.....
Now Our Farmers are Going to become billionaire..
What created doubts most to the farmers is how big big silos has been built by private organisations before laws came into existence.
my father is Punjab farmer , we are small farmer we are not getting msp when it is present .how could we expect future corporate will give us right price . farming is a job of uncertainty .but bjp will destroy us completely .
We are Proud of Honourable Prime Minister Shree Narendra Modi Ji  Jai Hind 
Where Is National Human Rights Commission???... Farmers must go To the Court & Seek Justice 
If they have so much money and time than I don't understand how they are being called as poor farmers by media.
Its not a win - please don't celebrate. If you know Modiji - you will know it as well "the game has just began". Don't cry later !
Was the bill NOT debated  by the members of parlement OR REVIEWED or studied in depth BY  THE  AGRICULTURE  MINESTRY OR EVEN THE FAMERS GIVEN INSITE   or explanation of     THE PROSE AND CORNS  OF THE FARMERS BILL  BEFORE BEING BROUGHT  TO THE PARLIMENT and passed the bill.    OMG INDIA BOARDER   STAND OFF, INTERNAL, SQUABLES AMONG    POLITICIANS  MONETRY  PROBLEMS CORONO19  at its peak,  espionage  by china of civilian  population etc.  Ect.  WILL  poor people of  India  survive  this crisis and for how long. INDIA  a real KARMA BOUMI.
Sir,bill no where says about msp,APMC closure etc. But indirectly  causes closure/end of same.if YouTube channel subscribers are left with choice to subscribe only one channel in youtube,the person who offers best content or better price, slowly gets maximum subscribers and such subscribers will have no option but leave your  YouTube channel. According to me atleast.
farmers do not want to come under Income tax slab, that's why they refuse new farmer laws.
This is purely a Jatt Sikh, NRI based agitation which is a result of euphemistic farming in the state. Other states are acing without subsidy, despite lacking economical and political mileage that Punjab has.
This is a lesson for nations that believes in Americans and Western countries that they are there when they have a purpose and will drop you at a moments notice . India should know this better . Indians choose to demonize Taliban only because of it association with Pakistan , Indians should have known this better and had a back channel communications with Taliban. No matter what . Today India is left with a northern neighbor who is hostile and a disgruntled Kashmiris a combination of factors which can put India in a spot never imagined before .
We are Farmers and we are happy with these bills. All these Kisan netas are doing politics and not just politics but the politics of hate which is not good for the nation. Because of this Gundagardi by Andolanjeevis govt will hesitate to bring reforms in other sectors too, which is again not good for our country
Real question is all those in media who rallied behind Modiji will apologize as well or they'll simply shamelessly switch sides like they've always done? It is this godi media who has painted Modiji as invincible even though every few months China slices away a part of Arunachal. Unfortunately this PM attacks the weaker sections of the society but lacks a spine when it comes to China.
Ok listen bro, let me show you a mirror. Reliance is coming down in retail business and at the same time farm bill has passed? Reliance will need raw material, where will it come from, farms right? How will they get material at lower lost by the farm law, isn't it? For eg. ITC they almost have everything, to make cigg they have tobacco and that's what reliance wants to do but at lower cost and hence FARM BILL.
India is a water scarce country that exports millions of tons of rice (a water intensive crop) - a lot of protesters are from rice producing states like Punjab which subsidizes electricity for extracting ground water which too isn't taxed. India imports millions of tons of unhealthy palm oil when healthier substitutes can be produced domestically. Indian exports of fruits to rich gulf states (a desert region) is laughable to non existent.
Dr Manishji apane reality bataye hai excellent work done, kisan bhai abhi politician ke bhadkave me nahi ana hai , take your own decisions , this Bill advantage directly to kisan
#StandWithFarmer
Execuse me mam i have few questions regarding thid farm bills
India definitely needs new farm laws.
We stand with our farmers 
New Farm Laws were revolutionary with few small changes required but I'm sure Modiji is coming with something more beneficial for farmers of India 
capitalism is the way... walmarts are good for people. Sabjiyo ki rate kam hogi or farmers ko bhi paisa milega.
We need all of the farming bills back
25  years ago Adani roamed through the streets of Ahmedabad on a vespa scooter, today he plays in billions. His start was dealing in fraudulent import replenishment licences, import polyester yarn and exporting containers of mud or cheap leftover grain!  He made millions and hundreds of units in the polyester industry were shut down because of cheap imports, including mine. Today he sits with our PM and they hatch new ways to loot India  but he has been stopped in his tracks by PUNJAB, the destroyers of abdali, ghazni and Ghori other looters from afghanistan!!
Ye farmer nahi congress ke chamche bc
Believe me india will defeat pakistan in debt just in 10 years.
Godi media will never show this
but sir if we see both sides than farmers should also understand it that laws unke income mei incriment kar sakte hai... aaj vo hi rakesh tikait election mei khada ho raha hai... toh isse hum uska propaganda bhi toh keh sakte hai?
Lal kila is national proud and so called farmers have shamed the country .. Delhi CP should resign immediately
Excess of anything is bad for health or country like protest . So police has done tremendous job . These farmers don't think about other people who get stuck in traffic or inconvenience caused to other people. They can  protest in front of BJP leaders houses that would be good idea.
Peoples power baby. I support these farmers.
You will not see a single farmer on roads
THIS TIKAIT SHOULD BE BOOK UNDER NATIONA SECURTY ACT....BJP KA PAAS 320 + LOKSABHA SEAT HAI TOH DAAR KISIKA....???????????//PUT THIS MAN BEHINFD THE BAR.
Bhakts are in shock.... Terrorists and separatist finally win despite modi ji
such a biased channel, as an economist i approve the farm bill
In this entire cacophony of contest, we have to see that middlemen are still a major source of credit to small and marginal farmers /landless tillers .  Land is still a scarce resource and given the fact  that system of Record of Rights on land ( land records) is not robust in our country, farmers do not get institutional credit with ease. As to get agricultural credit from banks,  land is the major collateral.Thus they go to middlemen (adathiya and traders, even on a higher rate of interest) who will also buy their produce back and pay agri produce price after debiting interest component.
The fact saudi arab financed the  taliban and pakistan is found 9 Indian agents of raw in Kabul for ambushig with talban as terism activities, india claims that their business invested in afghanistan has progressive economic. I think that India government is trying to say forget the human rights let appropriate nation support to progressively istabish the Indian army, that also found in crime with afgan women for harassment and she was came to get scholarship, might be its nothing for Indian democrats. pakistan is also found with urges the taliban and claim that they act as america usa allied force in efforts to make peace of united Nation and they created taliban for rebilate the afghanistan from Russia and taliban is found a terist organizations for abusing human rights such as founded in drugs dealing and effective in drug addiction society in courapte policed County . The isreal gives health services to isis by america at front of media in century named global village and america usa also help isreal closed allied partner claimed that Iran is involved in the war with drug mafia by the bullying. They making illumination fact without any avidence.
How much this media getting from modi for fake news
1st victory of farmers upon dictator
Please explain why are the farmers committing suicide right now, if  the existing thing is working for them?? And they are opposing the new Act. Thanks
What powers were controlling farmers protests we witnessed today..
Farmers will enrich only when they can decide their selling price,not a middle man or any private companies 
Pathetic condition of farmers in a country like INDIA 
bahut accha kam kiya kisano ne, ab wo public aur media dono ko kho chuke hain. inlogo ko apna protest wahin rakhna tha. ye protest ab barbad ho gya. now govt is free to take action, as they wish.
Victory to farmers of India!!
All should come out in support of farmers
Just listen to common people's voice "Godi Media Hai Hai"
Love India farmers
Have a question. Didn't the Govt say  procurement will be done by private n Govt will continue to procure goods from farmers? Am I missing something here
Ordinance is not right at time of pandemic that cause protest and huge crowd aggregation .....its imp for farmer to protest and raise there voice! ...
You missed a crucial point , that is if the goods of the farmer are subpar the company should still pay for it at msp.
What if common,real and true poor farmers of MP, UP, Gujrat ,Maharashtra etc sit and start protesting against repeal
He says sorry after so much of damage made to the economy. Now for 5 State elections he fear and repeal. Worst PM than Chandrasekar.
Repealing laws is not  going to help bjp gain ground in coming elections. Modi is too late to announce this.
On one side we have newslaundry , the deshbhakt, lallantop, the live tv etc and on the other side we have news18, times now , aajtak, zeenews, indiatoday, etc
I think govt should not repeal these bills rather give state ownerships on their on to whether apply or not to apply in their concern states
Any govt whether it is in power or not would not want the farmers to become rich coz if they do then what false promise for betterment will the fight for ? Actually any Govt would not want the poverty problem to be solved as thier power and importance revolves around the poor.
.. My question for Godi media where was you in rallies?? Ankh me ___ghusa lete ho kya tabbb.. Bdk #GodiMedia.. So u hv no right to talking about covid on farmers..
Anyways, Im Happy For the FARMERS!
It is a matter of Investigation & grave concern that Congress party , AAP, Kisaan Neta- Unions & NDTV received how much money from China/ Pakistan to keep alive this so called Kisan Andolan against Indian State.
In solidarity with farmers protest. Jai Kisan
Sale 10-10 rs mein bikte h Godi media wale!!!! I am ashamed of sharing my Hindu religion with these fools, I am sorry!!
Shame bjp support farmers #
I m with farmers
Bhakt:Modi brought farm laws...and no one can challenge them...
over the price prevailing immediately preceding twelve months, or average retail
We should humbly request this thorough gentleman & well wisher of indian farmers to let other poor farmers to know about the techniques of sowing crop of currency notes so that their poverty may be removed overnight.
Leave the farmers. Let us think of business men. If these agri laws are implemented, what and how benefits the businessmen? 
I just know farmers in my village are happy with the laws. APMC mandies  are thugs and exploit farmers.
The major concern is the silent farmers from other states who were in favour of these laws and against these so called farmers agitations... In India the corrupt political and dishonest people are doing everything to destabilise the government but this is not the problem.. The real problem is the majority silent spectators who are unable to raise their voices against dishonesty... The only maximum tool to show their concern is social media messages...
We demand Farmer's Protest, Demonetization, Liberalization of Indian economy to be part of our education curriculum. Jai Jaawan.. Jai Kisaan..
But for now a Days non BJP ruled State is Doing more worst than BJP ruled State in terms of price hike and Employment(Best example Jharkhand and Rajasthan) 
nice decision before the elections...well played modi!!!...now, stupid people will vote for him and he'll renew these kinds of laws if he wins agian 
We support Narendra Modi only leaderships
Only punjab farmers are creating nuisance ..Khalistan and Pakistan guys
Appreciate for your work ,maybe now people able know what is farm bills
It is very good bill in independent India favour of farmers. 
Why should Farmers allow free movement? Did you ever thought about their need & voted terrorists to power?
Farmers are Real Soldier - Salute to them ! 
Where is the support for farmers agitations in other parts of the country?
So folks who voted for BJP, it is a wake up call for you. You hv to defeat them in elections, so you get what is needed for common man..
They r not farmers. They r khalisthan. They use only innocent farmers to give some money and others
 "IF THESE ACTS THAT WERE DONE BY FARMERS  ARE NATIONALIST THEN TERRORIST ARE THE TRUE NATIONALIST."
Kisan is right.. farmer died as result of lathi charge. 
Godi media isse kya puchh rahe ho
Baaz do akh sirf nishaane te hove. Focus on just one aim  #Repeal3FarmActs.
Farm laws were not bad but the problem was that government doesn't take various farm union say for this that's why they were demanding to repeal all laws as if they were having fear of uncertainty than only one law was doing that, but the brutal things happened to farmers were very very bad so according to me repealing of 3 laws was good for all farmers and it may be seen as result of various by polls.
Again modi proved that he is total failure, aap sir Gujarat Sambalo, kyonki baki india Bajeka.... Never seen such a person who works only for corporates and business man. Chunav ke badh app petrol or diesel ko Rs 200 tak leke janeka 
India stop constantly trying to play catch up with Western standards/models based on Western values, and recognise what your standards and values are and creat laws and models that support and honour your reality! 
Lots of love Dhruv bhaiyya for supporting India farmers
What Indian farming needs is fresh investment into agriculture both by govt as well as private players. Agricultural Supply chain management needs to be made 10 times more efficient than it is right now.
Only farm sector has shown positive growth rate among all core sectors of economy. Now government is trying very hard  to make it negative also. This farm bill definitely cause adverse effect on farm sector growth rate
Congratulations to Farmers and Congress. This is due to fear of loosing the forthcoming elections.  Prayer to Martyr Farmers for their sacrifice.
Kudos to the Modi Government for these fundamental reforms. All praise to our Prime Minister and his team for having the will to change the parasitic status quo in the Farm Sector.
This police man afraid of Hindustan Times but he loves Godi Media
It is more than one month since  farmers agitation started. Till date there is no any issue of any vegetable, rice, wheat availability in the market. 
Dear PGurus, off late your platform is increasing only hosting anti BJP or Anti Modi (not Anti national) brigades like AIM, Swamy, etc.. it will be wise to host the view points of the supporters as well, before you lose long-term patrons like me..
not farmers, but rioters. for months together.
4. Did any system made poor farmers free from payment worry or decisive to be sell his own decided party person or market
 lathi charge hogaya... bhadiya hai... bohot din se pending tha farmers time waste kar rahe the bihot din se....
The decision to repeal the farm laws is really very bad and it's gonna cost the loss of credibility of this government. But there is something that doesn't add up, because every common person knows that BJP is not even in the race in Punjab so how can the PM don't  know this. I don't believe this.
If farmers are breaking guidelines having weapons and modified tractors which can move buses and horses. Than police can do this
In future this bill not only affect farmers but middle class and lower class people also......then only private companies will have power to decide the prize
Modi..amit.shah..aur.yogi.KO..sh aram..ani.chahye..b.j.p.down.down..
Bilkul correct bill hai isse farmers ko hi achi pay milegi farmers samjhate kyu nhi
God bless all our farmers
If SG go back when these laws were introduced he will find that he was supporting these laws without any doubt. But now when things have turned he is finding fault in the way the laws were implemented. In the end the farmers in India lost a future which could have been at par with other business men and women in the nation. 
I feel proud Indian farmers 
Public has understood anti social, antiipoor, anti farmers and Pro capitalists communal agenda of BJP
People do have right to protest but please understand without significant investment in agree cultural by corporates farmers can not come out of poverty.
I don't know why India didn't keep their army in Afghanistan before..they could have simply kept military in places where they have invested..dam,hospital,port!!Just like how China keeps their army in Pakistan where they are constructing the corridor..
We are not there to support them but thank you for everything you team are doing very great work for india 
My father has been producing gram(chana) from last fourteen years. MSP has been started last year in our region in Andhra Pradesh. Until last year we did not have MSP and the prices were very low. If the MSP is scrapped, how does a farmer make a reasonable profit out of farming. The problem with punjab and haryana may be true. What about the rest of the country who produce other crops?
Bastered India today's team.only 4 farmers are killed by jeep and other 4 killed by farmers of jeep passengers 
India scared to death  what's Taliban next mission after defeating Russia and America.  Modi can't sleep 
Introducing MSP will never attract private players........You may see wasting of food in India...... India is a food surplus country...... But ,we possess a 'bright' spot in world hunger index (even we're the lowest in South-Asia)...... Lack of good infrastructure, transportation system, knowledge of agriculture & business, storage facility are responsible for this.... From the green revolution Punjab & Haryana got the highest profit....... Perhaps, it was because of the craze of wheat farming......I'm jealous of it...... But, a level playing field is need of the hour...... India has an enormous potential to compete with international players in Agri-business....... But, without an entrepreneurship environment it's impossible....... This Canadian PM slammed Govt of India in WTO for giving subsidies to the farmers..... Otherwise,if we make any FTA with USA or EU without scaling up agricultural products, international players will devastated our market with cheap agricultural products....
What a sad day for India. The farmers lost, the nation lost, the middlemen won
These are not farmers they are traitors .
Demonentisation also effectively supressed the farmers.Due to demonetidatiom  peas  prices is dcreased upto 400%  as comparision to last year.This effect goes through all vegitable crops.
Congrats farmers
Don't know how india will free from those idiot criminal politicians#ModiHataoDeshBachao
One state halted the progress of all the country's farmers
This is utterings incantation of Kishans after the bite of a snake. People should not believe in such political practice of Modi.
Government should Resolve issues of indian farmers 
3. Both farmers and mandis have to show accounts of their transactions.
Sad day for the poorest farmers and win for vested interests.
The message to the panjabis farmers.......
Bro why can't you read farm bills and explain to ur subscribers what is that ?..i want ur explanation...and opinion on it...
Sadhuvaad Ajit Anjum ji for yor total contribution to give minute to minute coverage to the agitation against the 3 controversial bills detrimental to the interests of farmers all over India.
u did not discuss with farmer.farmer dnt want so take it back .why too much talking..
These Anti Farm Laws should have been repealed months ago
These people are not just farmers; they are fighters. They are fighting since the time of great Ranjit Singh. Mighty British could not defeat their moral.  Salute to them.
I dont understand why international Comunity don't take any big step to eliminate taliban. USA, Russia, india need to take serious step against them, otherwise it's results will be dangerous
APMC system is not good as it Because before Punjab Produce almost 26 kind of crops and sell , but due to ApMc , it's comes down to 6 and now it's only 2 like wheat and rice , so it's effect alot , it's almost 75 year's nobody try to implement Swaminathan committee recommendations , atleast now govt using these recommendations for welfare of the farmers , New change is always difficult ,But I want to see our farmers happy and getting double income and it can be happen with these new bills and laws ..
India is industrializing, so the farmers who lose their job now, will go to the manufacturing amd service sectors.
Now big question is why farmer's are becoming poorer it's because their input cost is high compare to output (intensity ratio is high). Ideally that needs to be corrected by establishing channel to provide low cost farming. 
(a) Farmers (b) Bharat (c)Opposition party (d)Dividend if any to be garnered in the coming UP and Punjab election (e) His Modiness gilding his image away from a mere politician to a statesman?
If Government does not listen to farmers and do violent lathi charge against farmers, this will be outcome. What kind of Government is this  ? Which hurt its own people.
Video is for those who think only punjab farmers have problems with farm laws
Can India Today tell how much APMC earned in last 3 years ??. Especially in Punjab and Haryana.
Salute u brother for covering! It's painful to see farmer's condition. I can say something for sure they aren't the ones involved in the riots happened in today's rally
Can some explain why the farm was bad bill
What's the point of all this non violence protect jo 2 months sai horha tha..if last mai yehi Krna tha...full support to farmers but not this behaviour.
Anjana Om Godi is always speechless before Tikait. She couldn't handle tikait properly or gave him chance intentionally to put his point. Great entertainment.
It's criminal to run over farmers with a car. 
. Sadly in Punjab, new Farm Laws were also being given a communal colour .
The older generation are protesting. The younger generation should study and understand the farm bills and educate the old thinking minds. These farm laws are very good for future India.
These are not making things easy for farmers this literally. Illiteracy
Not a single policy of the bjp  govt.has worked and this farmer's ordinance seems just to target Punjab farmers' prosperity.
We support farmer.....
Expressing your anger in an aggressive way against innocent police officers on a day meant to be theirs is the farmer's fault.
Only 6% farmer in India was take a msp benefits
To end you said I want something in some price before produce  lock in price   .... gap between farm an fork
Thnx for giving true analyses on this topic TV media has been sold to Modi government
If they feel Modiji 'haar gaye' after repealing farm laws does that mean our esteemed journalists are agreeing with Modiji being wrong 
I would like to request india government to support Panchsher warriors in afghanistan
indian national media shame on you ,
who is kishaan??  Rakesh tikat not a kishan..great jobs that police officers
PRICE RISING HIGH and FARMERS Not getting the right amount. 12 hrs duty, unemployment, But only one ISSUE  Religion.
Only miniscule percentage of farmers were involved in the protests. The fact of the matter is  that the Central Government is  politically outwitted. Not even federalism stuff is involved.
Again.....farmers will lead their same life.
Who give permission to our Republic day this rally ? Modi government is west oly 
A bill should be to help farmers and remove all middlemen  one farmer to retailer or wholesaler to consumer 
Sadguru- Go and visit Punjab and and get first hand information from the farmers. Don't be bias- it will kill your reputation of an honest and wise man.
Godi Media exiling itself to the Nityananda's God-forsaken country of Kailasa,  will be the greatest ever gift to our Nation.
Congratulations to the farmers.
You missed that kisan rally started earlier than starting of republic day parade.
I hope some anti BJP people will watch this video by unbiased Nitish bhaiyya and realize what a game changer this bill would have been.
Still he is not fully accepted that the bill is completely wrong. Still blaming the farmers on the name of few farmers. Any way congratulations farmers !!!
Why you ppl allowed for tractor rally ?
Tikait jindabaad..think about youths, farmers.
For the first time, I guess I am supporting the current Indian government point of view
I had a question: Bringing Churchill and World War and connecting Essential Commodity Amendments Act is impressive. But if that's true and the new Bills are aimed to benefit really Farmers, why ADANI built huge warehouses well in advance before the Farmer bill has been passed. Was he well informed?  He is into Agri Business? Who is getting benefits? Farmers or ADANI?
Punjab farmers are not joke they are educated more than full bjp education combined
Think Sanatan dharma people . We are one and who can lead better than Modi and Yogi.
Rakesh Tikait has more experience than many........., well done ! Rakesh keep it up.
Without peaceful intent the Farmers movement does not stand a chance.
     That means a heavy cut in the input costs for PB+HR farmers. 
IT IS VERY PROVOCATIVE WHAT YOU SAY MR KEJRIWAL. IT HAD BEEN WISE IF YOU HAD ASKED THEM TO GO BACK TO FIELDS  WITHOUT FURTHER ARGUEMENTS. THE GOVT HAS SHOWN GOOD WILL AND NOW THE BOLL IS IN THE HANDS OF FARMERS. EVEN IN WESTERN DEMOCRACIES IT HAPPENS THAT GOVERNMENT BOWS TO  HEAVY PUBLIC PROTESTS/OPINION. ALTHOUGH THE PROTESTS HAVE NOT BEEN COMPLETLY  PEACEFUL IN THIS CASE.
If APMCs and MSPs are here to stay and the new Bill is providing additional option, Im failing to still understand what the problem is. ? What am i missing. Farmers can continue to seek in APMCs - whats the challenge. 
why your news channel wasting time on her opinion ? we would rather want to hear the opinions of farmers, middle men, experts from the industries, research scholars etc.. Please seek and share her opinion when it comes to movies etc.
So the farmer's and daily wages people are anti national..wow
I feel that this farm bill proposed by Gov. needs some changes & amendments to imply that our most diligent & hardworking farmer brothers get their truly deserving  rewards:
Most of the farmers in India are fairly uneducated and live in poverty. The problem with bills is that while it promotes free market and opens new possibilities & options for farmers, it will encourage more and more corporates to enter in agri trade. the contract farming will be encouraged by these companies who have lawyers who will exploit the loopholes in system and put clauses and conditions in the contract to minimise the wages of farmers. Do you think a farmer will make rounds of courts when it doesn't deliver on the contract due to bad weather. Similarly stock hoarding will be a problem in future as companies will play a role in controlling prices and demand just as in stock market. Don't forget that only thing that matters for corporates is profits.
Modiji is the best, Im a farmer enthusiast with mbbs ms(general surgery ) degree, and I support farmers bill. NDTV is the worst news channel ever
But the question remains that if the mew laws do not affect the MSP, why are the farmers protesting?
Tikait was unable to save his deposit in both lok, vidhan sabha elections. Why does he matter so much?
Again glad to watch your Amazing video karan we support farmers thank u for this effort for our Indian farmers Bharat you are awsome keep doing it!!
there is no shortage of food grains in India despite govt giving extra ration during pandemic shows original farmers are working hard in the fields while fake farmers are doing drama on roads
1) These farmers disrupted a Patriotic Republic Day!
What is the role you think social media has played in the farmers protest ?
Please support farmers and India wake up now BJP for India cancer
Very informative video. MSP concerns of Farmers from Maharashtra and Haryana are genuine. I liked most explanation, However theoretically the concerns looks smaller but in reality/practically as a child of farmer and a background of families back in India and understanding their perspective they also have valid concerns and fear from this Acts. To resolve this Government should come forward and speak face to face with farmers who are protesting and try to neutralise their concerns by adding insurance and assurance. Government currently is almost blunt and rude about it that is further creating fear and uncertainties. Baat karne se har masle solve hote hain. Very good content, excellent presentation and thorough command over thought abstraction and very engaging video.
But there is possibility that due to many private player's farmers can negotiate on better price ...we can't speculate future or live in fear of it. Jio and Amazon never had monopoly in india they always had competitors like flipkart and Airtel , and this competition helped consumers with lower price telecom prices.
The forces opposing the peaceful farmers knows this. Those who did these wickedly act on peaceful Indian farmers will soon loose the confidence to be the ruler of this Indian nation.
On field reports say UP has already swung. Bjp already know it. If this monetization pipeline nonsense doesn't work, '24 is gone as well. Modi and shah will not be going back to gujrat on their two feet if they keep angering public like this.
Gaurented MSP can be provided at least those farmers having about 10 acers of farming.
AIr pollution is a problem for everyone. Farmers need to do their part to help clean the air.
MSP Means Minimum Support Price why they are not asking for Maximum Price ? Because they doesn't produce good quality products.
It's the first step to win farmer,,,, we always support farmer
We stand with farmers.
Iske baad corporate apni terms rakhega , ki hum itne mein lenge , bechna hai to becho , farmers ko bechna hi pardhega , unhone paise lagae hain uss produce ko ugane mein. Farmers ka ye bhi kehna hai ki small scale ka farmer itna educated nhi hai ki corporate se deal kar sake directly aur unhe vahi crop ugani hogi jo corporate bolega. Aur situation aise create kar di jaegi ki farmers ko apni land bechni hi pardhegi, chahe directly na bechni pardhe corporate ko , lekin jo loan hoga uske baad vo to kissi na kissi tarhaan pay karna hi pardhega.
Am happy, Atlast !! even farmers are being  sound and loud and being heard
Nobody never ever support these broker middleman mandi walas protest funded by congress. Encounter them all atleast real farmers will trade peacefully
Nobody likes to sit on the road in freezing cold unless its a matter of life or death , which it actually is for the farmers.. and the country needs to understand that corporatization of food supply with monopoly of big players is going to hurt every individual in the long run.. because wheat cannot be grown in kitchen gardens..
So sad  India is a world largest Democratic country.... So farmers have rights to protest against the central government...
What do you think people forget 1,000 farmer die for us what do you think Indian people forget you okay no chance any BJP over there no no no no no no go home please stand with farmers 
Mr. SANKET UPADHYAY when farmers were protesting you were not there? Now going there?? Playing safe journalist are more in this country than the REAL ONES...............YOU PLAY SAFE LIKE SOME OTHERS ALSO
For me today is the best teachers day ..farmers are teaching us to fight against injustice by Govt as well diluted poison of communal energy spread by idiots in 2013.....hats off my real teachers..my heroes
This is some real damage to our nation. We should be seriously concerned about it because it eventually will destroy our economy and GDP. But we should not be concerned about the little damages done by Politicians that 3 lakh children die every year (850 daily) of hunger in India, 19 crore sleep empty stomach daily. Damage is damage but an illiterate mindset can only be fooled in believing  one thing completely while forgetting major events. RIP to those who died/killed in LLakhimpur.
The Laws themselves have always been great in their spirit to usher in a great era for independence in farming economy. The first thing that angered the farmers was the suddenness and swiftness with which the laws were enacted without prior engagement and sensitization of farmers to what was coming up. Nobody implements such far reaching laws with such brashness like what Pheku did. Instead of mitigating that anger the Pheku dominated media and govt machinery went into assault mode which further exacerbated the problem by compelling farmers to take postures which just kept getting worser and worser. It was all Phekus Ego right from the start that he wouldnt listen and it was the other side that had to listen. All his apologies and soft tone now is purely a facade and election gimmick. Why else would a PM who was trumpeting development hardly 1 day ago, even using the IAF for his election by landing in a C-130 on his expressway Also apologize ? Because it was clear that nobody bought that empty progress Nautanki. This sadly is the Only way to make the Narcissist Pheku Listen  when it is election time.
Welcome the decision. Let PM should support farmers to live with respect.
These people just want to embarrass India they dont want peace the international community sees this . There are farmers all over India but only this group has problem with the Farm bill . But keep it up the international community doesnt care .
Mr modi has taken roll back decision in favour of farmers
We support farmers. 
It is very fruitful fot all the farmers,  they are not going to lose any rights even they will get more options of selling 
If they are asking just to Add. Minimum purchase price what's the problem at least Traders cannot cheat farmers with lower purchase rate
I am bihari we support kisan , bihari farmer are cry on 10 /kg of maize and buying 80 rupees diesel. Mean 1litre diesel =10 kg maize.  In farming 1 acre of land requied 85 litre of diesel .
Thid government have crossed the limit of barbarity against the farmers.
1. Fear regarding MSP ( Minimum Support Price)
Stand with farmer
They all know Yogi is winning UP again and BJP will now start getting some real good vote share in Punjab too. Sab bhi fatt chuki hai ab, Tikait andhar jaane wala hai
Today Pm Modiji said about these bills and assured about Msp. N he mentioned many examples..
Is this good for the country? Farmers of two and half states hold government to ransom and government had to give in. Free electricity. Free water - in fact turning India into desert. Free right to pollute and in fact kill so many in north India due to breathing problems. Plus government guaranteed price for rice and wheat that India does not need - but government forced to buy rice and wheat and that lies waste in FCI godowns. Wonderful I suppose? Wonder why farmers outside Punjab, Haryana and Western UP did not join protests ... These bills were good for the country and economists supported it and was passed by elected representatives. What precedence does this set?
Ajeetji Dhadyavaad for highlighting Kishan Bharwad's case. We will no longer accept that Allah is the only god, Mohammed is his messenger. Same with Jesus. We are not believing in these believers. They are not required in India.
Whether farmers gain or lose, the entire opposition is in a fix as to what to politicise for future.
0:58   75 y/o farmer died that day 
Please make a video on pros and cons of farmer bill.
Police ka full support mila hai zee news ki trf se
Modi or bjp  mooh ke baal geera. modi dont play with jumlas and joot. phoot shoot leaders beware.. Shameless godi media, now change topic to blame kissan.
Excellent analysis for the real causes why Modi ji has gone back foot on Agriculture bill. True, it's UP election compulsion than real worry for Kisan welfare.
People don't want to pay more from their pocket for vegetables,  but speak about farmers profit.
Well done farmers...shame on govt
Farmers can't fight against the MNC if they get cheated in the agreement.
Initially , in Punjab free electricity to farmers was limited to those with 5 or less acres. But as the Rich Farmers' lobby is the dominant political group, free electricity  was extended  to all farmers without any limit of their landholding.
The repeal is a loss of small and marginal farmers.
Well explained but Which farmer has wearhouse ? It's middleman who stockpiles, farmers need imidiate money to sowing for next season and  85% farmers are small and marginal.
I salute all of u to support our farmers..
You should have also mentioned the destruction of APMC has impacted Bihar people severly..thats the reason people from there migrate to metro cities for job. I have closely talked to those mirgrated laboureres from Bihar and they say despite having large area land holding..they r not able to make their living. If its a failed system..why Govt. wanted to bring the same system in Punjab and Haryana....Just to benefit corporates?
Good reply of Rakesh Tiket ji
Sir pls make video and tell the beloved  indian farmer to stop farming  for 2 years it's the  best way to protest when govt.. are not ready to listen. And  I think it's the best way to protest I believe
Farmers Great
I heard that threre is rebellion in army because of farmbills..is that correct?
Thank you for not being biased and showing the reality about farmers protest happening in Delhi.
#isupportfarmers 
I pray to God that Modi and Yogi should /must win next election and then they should teach the dakait a good lesson.
3. A small farmer cannot afford to come and sit for protest for so long otherwise his family would go hungry. Hence either they were paid handsomely or they were not farmers.
SAARA DOSH TERA HAI HAI, AUR AB 700 DEATHS TUMHARE NAAM HO CHUKI HAIN, IT TAKES ELECTIONS TO MAKE THINGS HAPPEN IN INDIA.
34% of india's economy is dependent on farm sector, government want to hand over 34% of indian economy over to big corporates. Those who are in favour in bills, just do some research on bihar agriculture economy. Agri- culture is our(of undivided punjab region) culture, those who shouts all day on television about their culture being in danger without no reason, are trying to destroy our culture, hence we are protesting.
Even farmers seems bunch of hooligans , may have forced police to this extent...
1. Now small farmers have option to sell right at their own doorsteps and not worry about logistics, middlemen and commission/taxes / bribes.  All these leads to produce wastage and loss of important time/ cashflow etc.  Alternatively they're free to sell through MANDIS.
Do they know anything about farm reform laws? They are not acting like the leader of farmers but brokers or pawn of other interest groups.
Btw , you believe that it's all work of BJP even though you aren't sure . How come you believe that these all are farmers . I mean the act shown in this video is completely a threat to humanity but still what are real farmers doing here protesting instead of doing work in farms . I mean farmers are pre occupied by lot of work .
BJP is now some farmers leaders to make them interviews, I dont think so he is farmer either
Because those farmers have guts ..
sorry for those farmers who r celebrating.till date none proposed a better law for betterment of farmers. Are these REAL farmers thinking. I see only politics.
Tamilnadu farmers also started to protest against the law.all citizens are with farmers.jai kisan
Mr. Modi give Resignation... You are failed to give justice to our hardworking farmer's...
Just one question why farmers are not agree on point to point discussion with Government.
It's very sad to watch Indian democracy and system falling and being modified by some powerful and vulture of democracy.Rip to those innocent farmers and deep console to their families
4. Farmers will not be able to sell their products to others. 
First time you say something real  The real looser is farmer...because of agri- middleman
In this way farmers will control supply and will control price...
Although he is giving in to this greedy middle man farmer's... He will do what is best for Barath... Long live Barath... Jai Hind.. Vande Mataram
Only punjab & haryana have problem
Farmers protest is acceptable as we live in a democractic nation , but in the shadow of this protest some people are raising some anti national voices which is completely wrong .
I am a Software Engineer doing very well in my field but after these laws literally i started learning about organic farming and agriculture , and planning to do a practical degree in it so may be i am planning to do organic farming in future while applying all the technical knowledge also in that
Ye 'kuch' word boht chubta h unko, jo apni family se door protest mein lge hue the, just bcs of ur nonsensible bills.' Kuch' mein bihar, haryana, punjab,, Uttar Pradesh, rajasthan, Kerela shaamil hain, and these r the major food producing regions of the country. Think of urself, how blank u r. Govt. Jobs ko private mein convert kr rhe ho,  bechare login ko kitni difficulty face krni hogi, jo raat raat bhar preparations krte h, jinke parents ka yhi dream h ki unka bachcha govt. Job leke apni life ko comfortably spend kreee.
Why you show in your interviews that farmers are misleading...
Modiji was voted as Prime Minister of India in 2014 to fight Corruption and Individuals from Looting India  .
I AM HAPPY THAT ALL FARMER PROBLEMS ARE RESOLVED AND NO FARMER WILL COMMIT SUICIDE .
Let's go #FARMERS#WORLDWIDE WE HAVE TO FIGHT AS ONE
See how conveniently you have side stepped  the money power of the Punjab Aditya brokers and their hold on the Punjab farming  communities. The farm brokers are as powerful as the Zamindar- Army combination of Pakistan. It is time to smash this and only Modi is capable of doing it.
Shame on Delhi police who's attacking farmers.
When BJP govt. is saying the Ordinance will help the farmers to sell their product all over india~
NL team I am always impressed by your research ground coverage. However this time you might have skipped due diligence being a Jat from Western UP , Mr Tikait isn't something Jat / Farmers lookup to. Just check his background and input from local jats/farmers. Credit to Mr T for handling media.
Can you plz add ,that the bill offers them more choice, if they have apprehensions about contract  farming ,they can sell in mandis....so where is the problem.
I am a farmer. Most of my villagers support modi
Taliban is nothing infront of Indian army
First Punch by taliban to India.
I am from Pakistan and i think these new laws will not effect farmers, but if the intentions of the government was to make this just for the sake of rich corporates, then these corporates will definitely squeeze farmers and their familly.
Only farmers 
This might go down in history as your Stalingrad mr modi. A bill for which you and your entire party were vigorously campaigning for past 1 year, u withdrew it and backstabbed all the people who believed in you. Kahan gayee apki 56 inch ki chhati? Aise desh nahin chalte, tikait jaise dakait ko national leader banane ke liye aapko bohot bohot badhai
Justice for farmers
just insert in the same law that MSP IS MANDATORY AND IF ANYONE TRIES TO BUY FROM FARMER BELOW MSP ,THEY WILL BE SUBJECTED TO THE CONTEMPTS MENTIONED IN LAW. (this is clearly mentioned in FSA ACT ALSO) 
We need to understand that our farmers are not enemies but our backbone.  How can we support privatization of farm products. The farmers will then be at the mercy of the rice. Why should farmers slog and the rich get the benefit of their hard work
It will be suicidal for any country to have a military presence in Afghanistan, Afghans are ruthless warriors from the times of Durrani and much early... Even the British captured only India and Pakistan, not Afghanistan.. The Soviets failed in Afghanistan, US led NATO failed, India is no way near comparing this two super powers in terms of Military capabilities... And India is not that stupid to send its military on an Afghan mission..
Why aren't any protests around the whole country? Especially in the other agricultural states? Why only Punjab and Haryana?
Congratulations to farmers. Great victory of farmers.
#No farmers no food 
There is GST tax in India now?  Where is the rebate checks for low or no income people when 3rd world countries start to tax people who live below poverty says it all.  I decide I wont be voting in Federal Elections anymore in Canada.
I am also belongs, son of former and military.  family back ground . My father is before independence (1947.).is working Bhopal military and my both Grandfather 1&2.side was farmers also.
After watching this video I am wondering why farmers are protesting for all three bills instead of buyers/ general public who, according to this video will bear the high costs but then it could also be true these protesters are actual big players of mandi who doesn't want to loose their own monopoly.
There are several protections for the smaller farmers to prevent land grabbing and corporatization.  Again, the MSP aspect protects the farmers from any contract price set by big players through contracts or mandi sales. This is a very progressive bill and surely sets out to benefit the farmers who can look outwards to benefit and expand their operations provided some clauses are put in place to prevent abuse.  Case in point is the benefit to Kashmiri apple farmers from MSP and purchase of apples by NAFED.
BJP has realized that without Farmer's support they can't win UP & elsewhere. Thus, have moved RSS to mediate to pacify them seeking their Votes. 
10k+ farmers die due to the existing system failure to provide good returns to the farmers for their crops which was not created by modi govt.
I watched it twice but couldn't get why farmers are really protesting.Dhruv became anti-modi instead of being a social media journalist by confessuing the irrelevant flaws in Modi's decisions rather than explaining truth..
Sikh farmer mafia of panjab are the biggest threat to poor farmers..
Can you explain if the police did a pre-emptive strike on protestors with tear-gas and water cannons, when exactly the destruction of venue happened, shown at 1:30. If it was before, did the farmers move back to checkpoints (you reported clash only there), and if it was after, what kind of use of force was that despite which they were able to destroy property here and there!?
Useless things happening just to taint BJP govt. But all these lies will not work. Sabki lagegi time aane par. Especially tikait
Modiji should urgently Remove his Current Political Advisors and the BJP IT Cell to Save their  governments in the Indian states.
- No need to give MSP to large farmers. We are not in a state where we have food scarcity. It is not 1960 anymore
This one man spoil the  whole adlone  . And unfortunately govt and paid goddi media   have not given any news about those two Sikh youth  who lost lives.  One with  firing of police and with tractor that is because of police.  The man with  talwar should answer  that who told you to show this act of foolishness and ruined all  hardships of lakhs of people in biting cold and sleeping on floor  and even some lost their  lives  .now as Mr Rajowal requested again and again  to the farmers  don't bring any weapon  . They don't need it  and made up your mind that you are to sit for peaceful  Andolan
Farmers have full rights to protest but always encourage them keep peaceful and patience at all times. The world is watching you closely through many channels. I remember the word( Mera Bharat Mahaan hai,Ek Bhimisal DESH Hai)
Congress vote bank doesn't care what they did. They just want to see congress in power. But in case of BJP they don't get that kind of support. We can see what kind of words are being spoken in case of MR Modi. Hindus wants everything instantly. No patience at all.
Sir- thank you. This is very informative and what you propose in the end is a great solution but unfortunately that has not been provided by the government yet. Instead of taking away the existing MSP and mandi system why cant the govt first create a market for alternative crops and incentivize farmers to move towards other crops and then phase out these supports on wheat and rice. It seems unfair to ask them to give up  their existing livelihood in mere hope of something better. There is no doubt that the farming sector needs reforms but it would be better to ensure that the farmers are not left worse off than their current situation.
The brother from Bihar was spot on, Bihar has no mundi system and they run to Punjab for work despite having farms in Bihar
I am very happy with this new situation as are most genuine farmers I know in Coastal AP.
6:32 that expert himself said MSP is used by 6% of farmers, in short it is a failure
If farmers sit in the middle of the road they will get crushed.
i have watched full video and i want to thank to scoopwoop unscripted , samdish and his cameraman for showing reality of this protest they are real farmers and shame on national media (godi media) .
One of the best explanations on the actual concerns of farmers.
Farmers: Nah Bro. I want middlemen to set my price. Oh and also I want the state govt to take some of the profit.
A farmer is a magician who produces money from the mud.
4. Coming to farmers : Majority of the farmers sitting in the protest are the same lot who are the reason behind the ugly smog you see in Delhi in winters. In fact, one of the demands of these "farmers" is that they be exempted from the fine levied on them for burning crop residue causing the smog. And yes, there are sufficient alternatives to burning. Take that Greta joke with a pinch of salt, will you Trevor !!
Y are u not showing the farmers attacking police videos. This Khalistanis are behind this. Farmers don't get fooled off
Farming is not just about haryana and punjab.
Long Live Farmers...!!
my father is a farmer and I know the hardship of being a farmer and there are many flaws with the current system but this Farm bill 2020
After one year of struggle and losing 700 farmers
PS- central ground water board in 2019 said that Punjab and haryana would be desert in 15-20 years if don't change farming practices.
Think if it's happened in BENGAL what will be the reaction of godi media and Honest Sir reaction who label Bengal as destabilize governance
21:50 so if Msp is abolished, Punjab will also see massive price fall as fsa also provides for poor in punjab.
I didn't see any farmers in that "rally " ..all I saw were goons...
Sir in APMC and mandi there is bidding process and price discovery mechanism. If the discovered price is low, farmers can sell at MSP. How will price is discovered in direct trade with a company. Will companies purchase at above MSP because they always try to maximize their profits by reducing the costs, so they always try to purchase at lower rates.
yogiji is the best pm.
No matter what ..our vote is Atal.... Modi & BJP....we have too many Jaichans in our country.... Our 70 yrs of corruption is very difficult to get rid of....we H ' s are so late of putting our party in power.....then we expect few honest men to get us out.....we made one mistake of not electing Bose &  Patel....lets not make the same mistake with the most honest leadership of Modi ji.....
MSP is not minimum selling price, it is minimum support price, matlab ye amount ek suugestion hota hai, jis pe sirf gov. Buy krti hai crop. Private players es se km rate pe buy krte hai.. jis region me gov. Acquisition km hai vala pe msp 1800 hona k baad bhi crop 1000 pe bikto hai..
Russia,China,Pakistan officially Taliban ko support kar diya..
If you speak in hindi the all farmers will also understand...
Those who funded the agitation have been helplessly pressed to a grinding halt . Tikait like men go jobless. Opposition leaders are murmuring as to what to politicise for future. Lakhs of  commuters as well as residents of blockade site who suffered a lot are thanking the government. Farmers gain or not, but BJP.  After election to some state assemblies is over, fresh laws may be enacted with the support of Punjab and Haryana farmers also.
This could have all been prevented if the government was sensible enough to actively communicate with the farmers and allayed their fears. This is a democracy ,you cannot just suppress the voice of the very public who give power to you.
why not talk with before indian government with farmers?
And apparently poore desh ke kisan sirf Punjab, Haryana and West UP mein rehte hain
Sir I want to ask a simple question before this bill Private companies were not allowed to procure crops directly from the farmers?
Fan fact only 14% farmer sale there product at msp. More than 80%+ farmer never know there is msp also
In future- the farmers should be educated about the pros and cons of the bill and conciliation and confidence of farmers must be considered which is part of good governance to avoid post legislative resentment
@4:20 Aren't big private players already engaging in private contracts with the same SMALL SCALE FARMERS (whom you so boldly assume will get exploited by CRONY CAPITALISTS) in Dairy and Poultry products. How many cases of Amul exploiting its dairy farmers have you heard of? 
Respect towards farmers
Shekhar I disagree with you at 4:00 as well. Imagine a private mandi opening where the trader will pay ZERO taxes to buy a crop and the APMC where the trader pays 8% in taxes. Where will the trader go? --> Private Mandi. If the trader is saving 8% on the tax, they will give 1-2% in the offer price for the crop to attract more farmers. As a result more farmers will go to private mandi because they will be offered higher prices as compared to APMC. So who will use APMC, neither the trader nor the farmer. I ask you to think about what will happen if this trend continues for 2-5 years, what will happen to the APMCs which are already managed terribly.
Doctors should not risk their life treating this farmer protestors.
Surely good journalism requires you to point out what is likely to happen after deregulation. In the US, the 1996 Farm Bill was introduced with promises of farmers being able to sell abroad and thereby increase commodity demand. However, in 1998, 42,000 US farmers with less a turnover of less than $250,000 dollars disappeared because prices fell in 1998.  Small family farms disappeared and large corporations with deeper pockets thrived by streamlining distribution and driving prices down.  "This is great new for the consumer" I hear you shout. Yes maybe in the first instance, but later when these corporations whose primary aim is profit, start buying farms (which they no doubt will do) India will go the way of the US... ie, prices and supply being dictated by corporations who create virtual monopolies and offshore tax structures that benefit their shareholders and deprive Indians of proper tax revenues and choices. Yes the current system requires changing but do not be fooled by promises of exports and globalisation.  Global markets are very often more volatile that local markets. Surely a better way is to find a middle ground. Deregulate the outdated systems, but at the same time enshrine in law some method of protecting its own people from corporate greed. Source: "Exported to Death" Economic Policy Institute 1999
Farmers are not stupid ,give them tools and income they can produce miracles 
Sir, Our anndata (Kishan) protesting for their rights in the bill but our respectable prime minister modi sab justified Kishan bill today in man ki baat, Our PM giving his man ki baat to andhbhakt but not listening man ki baat of India's farmers man ki baat,he should listen to farmers.
The answer will say how  it harmful to farmers. 
It is a drama, after the symbolic agitation of BKS, the Modi govt will agree on framers issue and it will be circulated that it is because of RSS and which will minimise the electral damage of BJP in upcoming UP election.
What is the maximum limit that govt. can buy from farmers?
Being a farmer. Our products are choked within the district. Mandi inspector exploit further. Only Adatiyas benefited . This is a set back for small  farmers.
This is a reminder to the BJP government not to take the people of India as fools.Apologize and compensate the families that have lost their loved ones during the whole year of protests. Remember the lathi charge, water cannons, police brutality can not work today in a democracy. You had been warned almost a year ago but the advice did not get into your arogant head.
BJP is projected to win 4 out of 5 elections before this reversal  and even a layman knows that it has zero base in Punjab and scrapping of these laws will NOT have any effect on their prospects either. May be captain may gain some ground  and even bjp aligns with him they will hardly get  a very few seats which is no big deal to reverse these laws and damage its reputation .Does the PM not know the damage this reversal would cause to his reputation? Inspite of it he has taken this stand means there could be some more compelling reasons  The of the hour is to have some patience and to avoid knee jerk reactions and reasons ..
Thanks modiji you just earned by vote
Clueless Poor Farmers. Will remain Poor Forever 
For those who don't know these farmer  laws  doesn't even allow farmer to go to court in case of dispute so luck dealing with profit driven companies. 
Every farmer can grow fruits and vegetables in punjab but there are no systems...and there is huge exploitation... As we know there is huge diffrence between buying and selling prices of fruits and veggies... Obviously we all are aware of food inflation in country... In short there should be MSP and MRP of every commodity if we want to save the nation...
The very fact PM assured that MSP will continue and the bills are for farmers welfare is reason enough to oppose it. We have dozens of examples what happens when he promise Achche Din!
Worst government. Common people will suffer greatly under bjp rule in future who are supporting this government now
Good Analysis Dr. I think soon our great Farmers will have to lead our country. Atleast no one will have to die out in hunger! Farmers our Life Provider!
do not celebrate early because he didn't sign on resolution owing to the fact that It could be a trick to send farmers back home.
Abhijit I respect u a lot but if you are in politics u have to understand one thing that you cannot do shit unless u r in power...You cannot abrogate 370 or win Ram Mandir case sitting in opposition...Lots of love for Vajpayee sahab but after he lost election, we indians were thrown to congress
Please help indian farmers
A group of farmers against world's largest fascist regime. God has a decision to make. So do we.
Yogendra is slightly wrong over here with the sentiment of the farmers. The anchor has rightly spelled the farmers sentiment to why they are blocking the National Highway rather than going to the grounds!
If you come out with wrong and half researched facts to make a informational video on topics such as these which are resulting in farmers protest, then you are not really educating people about the current issues. It actually is misleading people.
BJP neta determine to finish farmers.
I would be the happiest person in this world if yogi ji himself gives justice to those farmers.
Govt. should works on some important Agriculture system like         (1) Fixed Rates of Seeds , Fertilizers , Pesticides  or their usage in crops.                             (2) Organic or bio fertilizers or pesticides to safe our future.                                             (3) Improve the system of PACS to all states.                                                                (4) Every farmers known about complete package and practise of their crops.
I had lots of sympathies and respect for these farmers who are 'annadatha' to our country but this is totally not acceptable.
This Farmers protest will end BJP rule in India
In USA the trump government put levied on China to ensure it buys agricultural produce from their farmers to protect them as the farmer doesnt have this ability. 
Sorry Modiji we dont deserve you. These laws which we required so very much had to be repealed due to dirty dirty politics of Congress.
Yogi ji Kuch to shrm kro.... Hathras rape hua....na kisi reporter Ko Jane ki permission dete ...na kisi politicians ko....aap kis legal process ke through aisa kr rhe ho.....
I don't understand why only sikh kisaan are on strike? Whole country farmers including myself are happy with these bills..
Farmers issues need to be settled!
But the fact is they are not real farmers 
Bjp out from india
this will only and every farmer market will sell as much the same , middlemen will do the same trader subsequently same thing corporates will play near future as any role under them 
Love to see Delhi people on road again Modi reform against Farmers......
Good comments by Rakesh Tikait
Whether it is brought In a over night or not is not important. Whether they are in favour of the farmers or not is important.
He does not want to talk to real farmers.  Fake govnmt.
One word summarizes this video: "Disinformation". Coming from farmer's family, I know how the mandi (APMC) gangs up and forces us to sell our commodities for throwaway price. I still remember my uncle coming back in tears on how the mandi cheated him. We live closer to another district mandi and we cannot even go to that mandi. We are forced to sell at one mandi only. Yes, the same regulated mandi that you shown in the animation. We are stuck to one mandi only. Don't you think you should have mentioned that piece of information?
Most of these farmers are educated enough and to be fair if an uneducated tea seller can understand the bills do well, why not the farmer who actually lives through any farm legislation?
America wants it's dominance in every continent. Days have gone , now it's new India. Modi is leading the world now . A Hindu nationalist leader.
Thank You to all who are supporting Farmers. They need us right now. I support Indian farmers and shame on Indian Government and Modi.
Abhishek farmer  ho
They can't be farmers...real farmer now working in his/her Field..
You must know that it is illegal to sell crops other than mandi (where agents take 5% commision and taxes are also there) that means farmer doesn't has right to sell his own crop where he wants and at which price he wants.
Shame shame rapist farmers.
Foolish decision by BJP..if they had to withdraw  d farmer's rule they should have have done frm begninng,why they spoiled d image of india ,so much allowed guspethhis n aantakwad...God only can save India
contract protestor tikaith he will conduct protest anywhere in India using name of farmers by taking contract
Sir Govt. Ne ye wala farm law wapis le liya, that is good.. par abhi jo current wala LAW chal raha hai kya usse farmer khush hai..
Huge blunder by Modi ji... I was of the opinion that some radical step is necessary to change the trajectory of poor agri sector.. I though lacked the understanding of the laws, I trusted this BJP govt that there is some logic. But, this act of Modiji just shows that, he himself lacked conviction. Bab bad move by this govt..
Need a debate between Feku and SomeShit Patra on the benefits of the "declared-repealed" farm laws. Will be quite a watch 
Didn't expected this from Modi Govt. personally speaking, I found these laws beneficiary for young farmers. By this u-turn govt actually made a very weak image in front those who wants to suppress the real development of Atma Nirbhar Bharat..!
Three idiots finish our country (1) Andh Bhakt (2) Modi (3) Yogi finish our peace 
Paji respect aur ho gyi your channel layi #FarmersProtest
Government support always billionaires like Vijay malya, Adani etc.
They are not farmers.  
Guys support farmers they are our back bone 
One video that trumps all the fragmented information provided by the indian media
Thank u ....thanku u for such questions to the bjp spokesperson...kindly keep this kind of spirit...plz dont go against our farmers
Respect harp farmers
4. Moreover, the COVID-19 crisis rather than being a shock for the Farming Community, made it evident  that as compared to the salaried class the farmers where in a much better position. While those working in the cities faced lay-offs, lockdowns and subsequent financial  uncertaininty leading to long walks by labourers from Dehli to Bihar the farming community had to face none of those. 
It's really sounds good that they are giving our farmers an option, but won't it allow the Corporations to devise some way out to exploit our farmers ?
It's good give options to farmers,. But it upto Farmers to decide.. don't failed miserably with Demonetization ,GST and inflation that Citizens and farmers can't trust when deal with roti and food
Take help of crpf and notorious elements should be identified and caught  rather than all farmers being suppressed which will lead to more resentment.
The brave farmers are 
Beautifull, great work farmers!
Protest is no use. Naxalite is the future of India. Support country Naxalite and its government. Naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights.
Thank you, Modi Ji. We welcome your decision.
I am also with farmers. Someone teach the journalism to Sudhir Chaudhary. Still he is spreading the false things. He forget his bribery and why he was in Tihad Jail.
Contract farming for farmers where they will be told by corporates to grow what kind of crops as in the product agreement, a sponsor (company) will provide farm services (including seeds). The terms and conditions of farming agreement can also be exploited by sponsors (companies) based on the time of supply, quality, grade, standards and price exploiting the loopholes in FCI standards. 
News puri to deni chahiye thi...jo log kud ko locals keh rehe the unhone  patharbazi ki tents main torh forh ki...I mean they attacked the farmers...jo es Singh ne kiya that was in defense...don't forget wahan ladies bhi hai aur Bachchan bhi...
When Krishna avoided fighting with jarasanth and leave Mathura and create a place called Dearika. HE IS GOD and by Sudarsan chakra He can easily killed him. Instead as if HE was running from Mathura. Like that Modiji may have a plan and for that Punjab election may be vital. Now He may face criticism and we may come to know the reason later. I am sure GOD is taken full control and HIS plan will be done and who knows what is in store for the World.
Those farmers must be wearing 10,000 rupees imported shirt and pants
Under Congress rule, Kanimozhi was sent to prison for the allegations of corruption in 2G spectrum scam. Atleast Congress took action on their ministers, however here BJP's minister son has rammed onto farmers and killed 6 yet his Father remains in post. Useless Govt!!!
Lets fucking go #supportfarmers
Why bjp seek  need of  new laws for farmer (msp) and for people(caa,nrc) and in both cases people were not satisfied, instead of giving job , cleaning of rivers, infrastructure etc. They are just misleading people for not able  answer current situation of India.
1. He keeps saying jat politics in Western UP, jat leaders and their stand on farmers agitation etc. This kind of language divides and presents jat community as one against all others ( or farm laws). Jats are divided on farm laws ( I am being from this community. I live in the US. I stay in regular communication  with my family members and friends. I find strong sentiments on both sides of the issue. Please SGji don't present farm laws as jat community issue. It is farmers issue and India issue. You come across as if you have biases when you keep saying jat community this or that ( perhaps unintentional). Please don't generalize.
If he crop price about 50 thousand rupees then he had to spend nearly 10 thousand in transportation which at present is rs 2000 due to avalibility of mandis , which( mandis ) is abolished by these farm bills .
He just indirectly trying to show that these r not real farmers
Maturity is when u realised farmer's life doesn't improve before farm law and goes into hell after farm law
BJP IT cell members working overtime it seems. They sort by new to dislike comments in favor of farmers to make less people see them.
Thousands  no  billions  farmers yes
Victory of Farmers
I'm with my farmers
Ab Na Modi Yogi BJP Government Ho Gi 
Thank you for covering this. Except for 1 point, the violence was not done by the protesting farmers but by some mischief maker to discredit the farmers protest. This guy has his picture on Facebook with Top BJP leaders. The protest followed the route agreed with the police but media didn't cover that.
Dear Punjabis we didn't remove the Indian flag did we  ? 
Stay away from farmers. Keep your suggestions with you. We dont want your reforms
The Taliban have defeated the United States and its allies; should they not be praised for a bloodless capture of Kabul. Afghan army surrendered without any resistance. Did Pakistan told them not to resist against Taliban?
As very clearly pointed out by Mr.S Gupta in His commentary, nobody can honestly fault the intention of the Modi-Govt. in a Farm Law promulgation that essentially spells tremendous potential benefits for Economic Activity Growth; however, the Modi-Govt. would do very well both for itself and The Nation at large, to accept and recognize that actions like blocking of internet access, and any such 'people unfriendly' measures will eventually be resisted tooth and nail by all freedom loving Indians, no matter the degree of whatever they might be having to face.
If only small percentage give up farming india will grow up as nationa.
Chor haii tikat  jai shree ram BJP Only
Congratulations to farmers ! But dnt forget what bjp has done to defame it !
These farmers are not genuine farmers that is the main problem not farm lawsJai Jawan Jai Genuine Kisan
Rakesh Dacoit is not farmer but a businessman
This video is amazing, you made the farm bill  controversy extremely clear.
Kisan Union of India Jindabad.
MY GREAT SALUTE TO ALL FARMERS
Bjp have lot of time to build  infrastructure in Afghanistan and days of debates on Pakistan, but our beloved farmers are rotting on roads past 7 months
Ego of the govt has bowed down to the unity of farmers. Without farmers no nation can progress.
India is a  hell for all minorities first in pakistan we used to think that it's only Muslims facing the hindu supermecy but today India made it clear that anyone who is not a brahman hindu India is not for them .
These are the three farm laws in a nutshell, the agitation is basically against change and also due the fear that middle men would be squeezed out if farmer has direct and open access to markets
Police should help farmers.  Farmers are LIFELINE.for everyone's survival. We all do fine without politicians, 
Jai jawan !! ( most of them farmers sons )!!!
Nothing in this video I found that the new bills are against Farmers.
police who is talking about covid restrictions how did they allow election rallies in bihar and how are they assembling there in large numbers to restrict farmers ...
all I can say that 'Punjab' is one of the most important agriculture state in India. and as far as Punjabis are concerned they don't give up easily. they have a long courageous and brave history and prety much stick to their roots. modi is picking up fights with wrong people
Farmers are used to govt. support price and don't want to gamble with market economy. They are just trying to be like govt. employees. Truth is ,farmers are not like govt. employee, they work hard and should get better price than govt. support price. They should know that govt. makes money by selling their crop.
Three simple conclusions that I draw from the govt repealing the farm law is that: 1) Mr Modi has reiterated again that political pandits cannot predict his moves. Anybody saying I dont think Modi will do this, Modi will do that.shouldnt be surprised if he gives credits (for this directly or indirectly to Captain Singh), 2) Modi has taken away one agenda from the oppositions kit  just before a full fledged election campaigning is to begin for states election in 2022, and 3) Modi should learn to consult those for whom you say you are brining laws.
They are paid farmers , funded from outside of .
Being a farmer doesn't allow to disrespect law !
Traitor Tv.., Traitor Godi Media..! Deshdrohi Media has to Pay for every count of Farmer's Life.
Farmers marc ..only Sikhs hariyani and west up farmers Marc.. Excluding these farmers all farmers wants farm laws..
aap logo ko election ko cover krna hai... anti bjp hoke iss tarah k interview nhi lene the thora acha stand bnao apna news walo ka kaam hota nishpaksh kaam krna... na right wing aur na he left wing bnna hai
Repealing of farm laws is a major setback to the farmers
Both are correct ,debate must happen in Parliament, in the farmers point they expressed their concern,if the govt agreed to give MSP ,I think it is good reform.
If BJP thinks that they will get benefit in Punjab then it's really a good dream and now his core voters will get away with this attitude
These are not real farmers but are agents of Congress party . These so called  farmers are not giving any list of amendments needed in farmer laws but want to withdraw these laws just to satisfy their ego. Nothing is wrong in these laws. These so called kissan leaders had tarnished image of punjabis.
So all these years when the BJP was in alliance with SAD in Punjab, and in alliance with PDP in Kashmir , it was 'sab changa si'. Now that Modi and Shahs incompetence and megalomania is starting to balloon into an all round threat to the nation, bhakts are going berserk 
India TV please remove India from your brand name put bjp instead ... because you eat bjp's food not that which is grown by farmer....we as a farmer hate you..... please don't do this farmer put effort and soul to feed you all and even skip meal himself.... please don't do this.....
Government says, the bill is in favour of farmers and farmers are protesting. Which is true?
2. If Punjab State government does not like the bill, they may chose not to implement in their state.
People are saying "abhiman tut gaya, ghamand tut gaya" . But it is the poor farmers who lost today.
Farmers are innocent people......they don't know much of Politics.....so what could they do instead of blocking road ways....... why don't courts finish the decision process of 3 farm laws and justice then?.......
The people who knew the facts were supporting farmers
But Farmers will surely suffer.
all yogiji bhakts should remember that yogiji is yet to win a single election in his name!! So hold your horses.
He is damaging Ind for his own he is using farmers for his own sake anti national he should be in prison
Ye farmer nahi ho saktey farmer kisi ki khun nahi kar saktaa shame on congress,and other party thhuuuhh
How dare that policemen beat a farmer who is so old... How dare to beat the person who gives us food
Farmers  who feel sad should  have co.e out to the streets to support. Why did they not?
Farm reform are necessary , my extended family is majority farmers and i understand the farmers problem but then something like a farmer tribunal or any other organisations is necessary to explain contract to farmers and regulate prices and mediate the contracts so companies don't make self profiting contracts. 
It is a political conception... Thats why only opposition state are opposing this... Common farmer is not affected
We are indian we are farmer
Rakesh  is developing talibabi   mindset in India. He should be immediately checked otherwise he will create  the situation to disintegrate India. If Indian  understand the situation  in Afghanistan and Pakistan and their attitudes  towards India they will definitely  vote.for. Modi  in 2024 and 2029 to save the country  from GAJWAI HIND
now its clear who are these so called farmers.
Thanks BBC news....shame on modi government...I stand with farmers...jai hind
Why is there a delay in the procurement of paddy? Kisan Majdoor Ekta Zindabad
This successful protest   credit always goes to farmers and ndtv and ravish Kumar....
Proud of youModiji
It is nice to see that a publisher named "Hindu" has remained objective. While other medias like aaj tak have become properties of Modi
Had no choice  Modi on his knees...  farmers did it
This acts are more favorable towards the company and not legally empower the farmers.
*LL PROFESSIONS ARE EQUALLY IMPORTANT.... Farmers is just like another profession. There is no need to put them on a pedestal. Some people quote them as ANDH DATTA & that without farmers there will be no food. and as such must support them. What if there were no doctors, nurses, frontliners; many would hv died during this pandemic What if there were no jawans, police & security personal; there would be anarchy. What if there were no bankers, money lender...; there would financial system will collapse. etc, etc... Bottom line EVERYONE IS*
What happened to the Indian government? Why not pay attention to farmers' rights?
It's a Shame after knowing what anti national citizen doing nothing is done to despose the criminal behind kissan andolan   Both government and tikkait looks like same team creating problems for farmers and Bharat.
Modi ji roye nhi rote to thoda aur emotion wali bat ho jati
We are sorry ,,, Modi ji
Farmer protest peaceful h, phir to ese protest hone chaiye. Jo desh ko badnaam kre
You can check the internet that under PM Modi, India slipped ranking in democracy, gender gap, women safety and much more.
No farmers NO FOOD
So stupid beating up farmers.   Without farmers, the city people would starve.    Take care of all your farmers man.
Formers are all over India not only in Punjab
I salute all the journalists who stand with farmer and given actual ground report. Please help and support to all farmers.
All country with Farmers and against BJP
These farmer unions  should make their own party  and defeat BJP
It's fully wrong.. Farmers are key bone of India
Neither repealing nor continuing the bill as it was, was the solution. Middle ground was the actual solution because the bill was introduced for the farmers in the first place.
Now, The recent talks has made some changes in bills. Government has made it clear that MSP will be provided in written. The problem is with taking the knowledge till farmers and make them understand. In 2019, Many opposition and farmer groups protested to implement this act. The best way to analyze this act is by implementing it for a year. This should be studied as a case study after implementation but not on assumptions
This bill is pro farmer though. It's jatt protest 
How painful and fearful it is for you to report "tractor rally".... tractors do not have bombs and missiles. They are food givers.... don't overreact.
What about the hundreds of deaths of farmers during the protest
we know from last one year these aren't farmers but andolanjeevi. Everyone should have known when they raided Red Fort.
My teacher asked to make an assignment on farm law. I was confuse bcos our godi media only show one side story nd also on social media i didn't get relevant info. Thanks ma'am to tells us both side Story 
Kejriwal is such an opportunist; never heard of saying in support of farmers:.
Present youth should learn from our great fighters our farmers
Bhai Thanks I also Want That A Big Youtuber Make a Video On Topic Farmer Cuz it help Farmer Thanks 
If taliban is so peaceful than why afghani people are running to escape .....Stop supporting taliban in the name of modi
Is this still acceptable because I am unable to see farmer throwing stone
Govt passed a law that will give farmers the freedom to sell their product to anyone and gives the farmees to set the price.
well researched work.....This is  what farmer is talking about.....very nicely explained ....
The example of tea and coffee growers are a case in point where they gat Rs.10-15/kg of green leaf and abt Rs.80-100 for raw coffee beans which end up being sold at Rs.2000+ per kg. How is this justified? Hence the farmer and small grower has no choice but end their lives. 
If farmers are not allowed then to whom he was going to tell benifits of farm law?
good decision taken in national interest.one more thing now noboday will say punjab is Udta punjab and when we say india has great lobby in western world one thing you must understand that big part of that lobby are either sikhs or punjabi.
The young farmers are angry because SKM announced tractor prade of 26 January on Delhi Ring road only, later only 2 days before tractor prade routes are changed, and SKM didn't announced it from there stage officially, this is the reason Deep Sidhu is able to get control of SKM stage at night of 25 January.
The problem with Indian government regarding these farm laws is that farmers have understood the government's ill intentions behind these laws
Election in Punjab is the reason for withdrawal of farm laws? Knowing Modi no one will agree.
Sad. This would have been very usefull for poor farmers of up bihar and many other states except some rich farmers in haryana and punjab. Very sad that people did not support our govt. In such a good initiative
I strictly condemn this.This is disrespectful on Republic Day, you are pulling down the Indian flag and agitating this way. I had a great respect for farmers but today I am highly disappointed.... Very shameful
Bagat SIngh,....golden temple massacre ......now 700 farmers killed including the run over of car by minister's son. Wait and see....Newton's third law bothered BJP.
Great victory for Yogi Ji. Yogi Ji has clearly told Criminals to get out of UP, Aashish committed a crime and got out of UP.
Why Modi is not willing to back from anti farmer bill
People who say it's middleman profit ...it's not once msp law is come up no one can harass farmers
RIP farmers. RIP farm laws.
Hell I still regret voting BJP to power in 2014 little did I think this party will destroy the very existence of India day by day  inch by inch... Democracy will be ended Communist ideology with tadka of Nationalism I see a very dark future of India this way. I really hope something like Maharshtra is repeated in entire India... Tathastuu.. ....Jai Shivrayy
Farmers need different types of infrastructure to preserve and find good market for there crop's private sector can built these infrastructure separately and collectively for there different purposes and they can also rent the govt infrastructure.
Yes definitely these are the so called TRUE FARMERS who have the right to replace our National Flag with their ones, who have the right to beat our respected policemen.
And again swamiji said  agriculture should not be like what our farmers performing Now.. It should be like science that is agriculture science as it is in America,, we should learn agriculture as a science.. And because America had done this, it is developed in all aspects
Now, Farmers from all over India should come to Delhi
This is inhumane,cruel and insane  act on farmers...,Rest those souls in peace...,.Yes,but the real question is will the culprit be punished for murders...
all those politician, high rank officers who claims to be the son of farmer ??????
It was a victory for Indian farmers, but it was a national failure
true kisans are too overrated sometimes I feel that India is left behind because of this fool kisan of India other countries like China and us has the same law we Indians will be always be behind because of this kisans 
Rich farmer's from Punjab have won the battle over poor farmers death bodies.
All relevant points raised...One thing sir, many so called agriculture experts are saying that only 6 percent farmers gets the benefits of MSP...Then why they are fighting for already failed system...Or only for 6 percent farmers?...I have interviewed most of them and that time they all were against apmc...I thank you once again for bringing clarity to the issue...
Congratulations farmers
 Farmers protest in this case.
These unsocial element farmer not all are deserve this......
Election fear is griping BJP
Jai shree ram Jay yogi baba ke vote for bjp
I think foreigners in the comment section have the wrong idea about these *now repealed* farmer laws
4:47 Actually farmers was quite....here but the opposing party made it controversial by throwing stone and flames
We support farmer protest
Only in India youll see the police run instead of shoot . If it was China Europe or USA the case would be very different . The man who died , died because of an accident when he tried to run over police officers with his tractor
I feel very pity for farmes, but Modi will rule as P.M for more than 10 to 15 or so for sure. So you just can't put his government down.
Modi has thrown india into dark ages.
The indian hero is army and farmers.not prime minister
We r with our farmers only 
Problem is not in farmers or govt 
Very nice decision! But Talibani can shootings at any where and any time and on any one .The real rule of terrorists starts.
I will not give my vote to shameless BJP govt. I am eagerly waiting for election. Such a sad incident happened in Lakhimpur.
this is managed interview by Zee, their main owner is a BJP MP, so this is BJP channel
the way the indian gov. has treated the farmers in the last 3 decades is enough to see the burocrats burning
In coming years Farmers have really bad days . govt want to bring everything modernize machine cut down all jobs now in Delhi retail chicken stores can Slaughter chickens no more govy want to put automatic new Slaughter machines so more people getting jobless
3. It was hard to determine what type of crop will be grown by the farmers
Violent visuals of rally shown and the speaker talks about the protests being peaceful. Genuine farmers are loosing the public sympathy with this act.  Now all the left-wing and right-wing people give their colours to this act and make it a TRP faade for news channels.
This was a major reform in the farming sector in decades...no govt would dare to do any reforms in the next few decades. Govt was willing to reform the bill but these guys didn't want anything but a repeal. This protest will set a precedent for future protests....
Uttar pardesh mein CM yogi totally faile ho chooka hye sarkaar ko Isstifa dena zaroori hye.
Elections are due in punjab, uttar pradesh, etc this is the main reason...
*I came from small farmer background, this is victory for Zamindar (landlords) not poor farmer's*
If Our farmers want to remain poor so we can't do anything. PM Modi is becoming weak.
Don't blame farmers...I m reporting this channel
The number of middle men losing their job with such a bill is not comparable to the amount of difference this act brings to number of farmers across the country.
In the name of kisan ,who are playing mischief?  Paid. agitators must get punished .Kisan are all over India but antinationals are few and doing mischief ! Great show.... great practice to make show!
MSP is always there. Should the  government fix MSP at Rs. 1 lakh per quintal ? Or the farmers want higher than this ?
UP election is coming. Once BJP win the UP election, bill dobara pass karne ki koshish jarur karega.
Salute to Our Martyred farmers ....RIP
Thank you for not putting a personal perspective or emotionally respond to the protest or the bills. NO OTHER channel that I have seen has given a structural idea of both the parties( "Government" and Farmers).
Ravish sir , the great Journalist of India
Scripting bahoot achi congrats godi media
*"Protect The Farmers of India.*
At the end it is farmers loss the protest were like that scenario where  Fruit vendor is selling a fruit for Rs 5 and the consumer is demanding Rs 10.
Also to speed up the destruction of the Mandi system they would initially also give farmers better rates to attract more and more farmers.
These three controversial laws are utterly against all that is whoever eat food and whoever own agricultural land. He is speaking supporting the laws that is why we in Tamil Nadu listen to the 'Manki Bhaat programme,  Why don't he face the media persons directly, why don't he face the questions of media persons.?
Very positive approach towards farm Bill's and growth of the farm sector...nicely explained...example of LPG is very apt and evidential.....
In these farmers son never dreaming of becoming farmer he going to some another profession so farming must done privatization
People are saying support farmers , but only farmers from few region benefit from the existing  APMC model. Its not possible for government to give MSP on all crops an hence only Wheat and rice growers that too from Punjab, Haryana ,West UP profited from this. The new farm bill is to break this monopoly , I don't think the two states will make government to repeal the new Bill. They will most probably give a temporary assurance and in future also will buy wheat and rice on MSP but just for the time being until this sentiment dies out. Eventually in a different form or so the new bill will take effect. Considering the farmers suicide in western and southern parts of India due to the failure of APMC model , I will weigh in favor of new farm bills.
Mobocracy won . Modi had to save india from breaking away from the hands of khalistani supporters . Shame on indian media for not supporting
Power of farmers 
God Yet the farmers will still loose for a fair price who  will be left in the hands of middlemen hoarders and corrupt politicians who will control the price. The rest of the farmers of India were so happy that they got a better price for their crops and accepted the agricultural laws. Leaving only Punjab farmers under pressure from middlemen and foreign funds to protest who were not even paying tax and controlled the price. Shame
At last, some good news. Well done farmers!
Am not sure how would I want to react to this.  What was initially thought of as something that was so very good for the farmers is now thought off as not important? So, was it that what the farmers and the opposition were objecting to was correct? Was Tikait right all along? If not, then, what the government did, did it do due to pressing electoral needs? If so, then does the current government consider winning elections more important than something which they thought was good for the country? Did it compromise on its principles for the sake of winning elections ?Arnav, here you should be asking some very tough questions to the government. Never ever make it seem to the common masses that you are blatantly siding with the current government. Not good for the credibility of your channel as well as for you personally. Big fan of yours and the Republic channel. But, this is my humble advice
Rakesh Tikait is fare and straight forward... Excellent.. Ajit ji unnecessarily pulling on...
Note : opposition funded chmachs are not farmers there are 10cr plus farmers in india and farmers are not there just in Punjab
Modi ka election card hain yeh
Wow nice game With godi media.. Silence please.. quick question .
Tikait gave a befitting reply to Navika ... ap ladlo election
Bjp knows about election side effects.
Congratulations to all those who voted for Vikas. You guys should be feeling really proud on farmers situation.
As I have heard from many farm economist , there are very scarcity of water labels in specially in punjab and haryana
Great bro.... You're the voice for farmers. Keep on updating
Farmers need the atmosphere if they produce 50 kg of food grains they can sale 25 to 30 kg for private ( according to govt guidelines) or for govt which if for food security of the society. remaining stock can be sold for different market at the right time for that they need a storage infrastructure and trading platform just like share trading.
we support farm laws
ammendment that all the doubts farmers posed and will be tabled in next session of
Joke of the year:- Ticait is a farmer. . 
Worst exploited section of all. Did anyone heard of a manufacturer or producer handicap of fixing prices for their own productions? Farmers are those who cannot set a fair price for their products even if they had spend 100/kg  market could simply pull it down to 2/kg while selling. Whereas from soaps, powders to razers that are less affected by risks and raw material price rise  hike its finished products price by 30-50% without hesitation.  
Other than Taliban thing.. He actually said true... You will not be accepted in high society with traditional indian dress.. Because of slavery of British... 
Shame to all for supporting ruckus .. public nuisance.. a true farmer can never afford to leave his field and play political games...
Who is responsible for deaths of 700 farmers????
All support to the courageous farmers of Panjab. God be with you. Win the battle never give up. Fight
Shame on Indian Government  poor Farmers are   protesting peacefully  since five months  the Government  & RSS  Done everything and now blaming farmers
thank you guys for such an incredible explanation much appreciate your effort for DISCUSSING  FARMERS MAJOR PROBLEMS
From last 3 months I have been trying hard to understand what the heck is this farm bill... Which has shook the nation... But now by watching your videos it is crystal clear.. Thanks a lot
How come so many sardar farmers in UP, amazing
Simble of communal harmony, great job done by kishan leaders and exposed Dalal media.
Defeat of real farmers....
The only solution to this is to get freedom from Hagustan and form a separate country - Khalistan otherwise these brahman hindus from BJP will keep on doing it every now and then
They repealed bcoz election are coming in Punjab fuck politics
Love and respect the farmers as they are very important people.
BJP prime minister always in election mode...Jai Kisan 
U didn't discuss why it should be repealed whole year now when it is repealed ur just stating it, it could be better if u can discuss it when there are controversial laws enacted, express it before not just at the end , it doesn't matter to the public but still u can do it unless ur supporter of black laws itself or otherwise supporter of incumbent govt
He is absolutely right. if Punjab dies, the whole country will die along. we fully, completely and totally support our kissans brothers and sisters. we will stand with them in solitude forever. take care guys
5. Poor Kisan of Punjab and Haryana actually have lands.? 
I am support for egaryculture bill.
My grandfather were a framer and I support farm law. We are obsessed with middle man and want to eliminate farm law. The people who are protesting are either mindwashed or middle man. Our people also deserve better life. Time will come when Punjab doesn't get  cheap labour from Bihar,UP,MP, Rajasthan and Bengal and it's time  for us to rise. It's the same Punjabi who fought with britishers in 1857 first war of Independence against us. The country are with the farm law.
Your video doesn't tell viewers that similar reforms are already in place in Bihar for over a decade now. The picture isn't rosy in Bihar after these reforms. In our country farmers are too small to secure a fair price for produce when they are negotiating with big cooperations. Watch explainer by study iq on farm bills. One solution is to make farmers associations, these associations will be much better position to negotiate with cooperations
Godi media hesitating to show truth
Once again india will devided in 3 part as khalistan, jk and India.....
Fifty times yeh video dekha mainay...jio 100 saal beta with ur.maa baap....salute to all farmers 
This guy just helped me in farm bill school homework ....
The media when 250 mil protest against modi:
agar balance karna hai to laws ke saath elctricity and water subsidies bhi repeal karo. MSP ko statutory banao but polluting farming practices ke liye strict law banao just like they made the new motor vehicle law.. sab balance ho jayega.
Respect Farmers
Defend citizen interests, defend the poor, landless, farm workers, argue for efficient commodity transfer  from production site to consumers with maximum efficasy. Think from what may improve over all benefit. Do not argu for vested interests that may live by inefficient system, and want that to continue.  The system that exists lead to rural poverty, agrerian distress, government procurement, government storage, wastage, grains while released creating yet another farmer distress elsewhere, all this is maintained for a few thousand huge- exploitative- politician-middleman- land lords at the cost of millions of farmers,  & agrarian system as a whole, resulting in farmer suicides & deep rural poverty maintained by colonial logic & defunct bueurocratic mechanism. This field needs reform. Reform always mean a few privileged  affected. In this case the affected are a few thousand big landlords who would like to hijack 'farmer' sentiment. Hate-narrative-sellers use this as a best opportunity.
i m not a political guy but this is not a kisan andolan at all. modi ki publicity km krne k liye, kisan , gribi ya soldiers bus yhi to trike he, opposition k pas ...aur unhone use krna sik liya he 
This place is hell for everyone, mostly women and farmers and labourers.
Support FARMERS
Oh gosh you forgot to mention the name of the unmentionable guy that wears glasses,  and just divorced his wife, and loves  data gathering and wants now too sell back those farmers the seeds gathered and patented by his data collection....that same guy. This video does not tell the whole story.  Thiers a women named Shiva that tells a we bit different tale. Lol 
Thank u brother,I m with farmers
Our farmers deserve better standard of living and this bill will be a milestone in the process.
Modi repealed those 3 black laws: Godi media- MASTERSTROKE.
I stand with farmer 
This Godi media only called Delhites "Muftkhor" when AAP won Delhi elections and the same Godi media praising BJP for free ration. Ye hai asli gaddar aur deshdrohi
We support farmer protect 
Aur jo ugrr police wale the kisano ne shantipurvak sirf tractor se sambhala unhe
Baat ho to farmers and soldiers ke to sabse upor hein.huge respect 
other farmers of others parts of india are not having any problem with these farm laws  execept  punjab and haryana
Where is mp who said farmers died bcoz farmers rolled over car and other farmers get under car ?
So what's the final solution for farmers. APMC dealers are exploiting them and as per your explanation corporatisation is also bad. Where should farmers go ?
Govt. Should also try to educate farmers of all these things
I don't know how the farm bills will affect farmers in Punjab but I am happy that I can now sell anywhere in India and to whomever I want. And nobody can force me to sell.
ha ha even now the farmers can sell it outside and to whom they want..
Those people can not be farmers. Farmers of our country cannot be murderers. Those are anti social and criminals. Govt needs to put every gathered criminals in jail immediately and punish them all.. Be it hundreds or thousands.
Today ap government y s Jagan Mohan Reddy take back the law of 3 capitals just like modi taken back farm laws, something fishy pakka strategy is there but we don't know it
O come on...,  Kangna is right because in Punjab the farmers r one step away from being called Terrorist or Khalistanwadis bhakts but what bhakts will call the farmers of Haryana, UP, Karnataka, and the rest of India ??
The deep question here is Does the country need this many farmers? Our country has so little industry ,so few job opportunities that the people take to farming for lack of other alternatives. 
BJP were hedging their future loss of Punjab elections against their power positions in other states. So, now when they loose Punjab elections it won't be due to farm laws. They don't want the farm laws getting  momentum and a platform for congress and regional parties to fight against BJP, one thing they made  sure is BJP would put party first when it comes to national interests.
Did people of India voted for this bill. How it got passed if so many people are against this bill?
Still bjp through out from india 
If u stop  farming, when they need food they will understand farmers r important more than any other.
Tnx akash love from punjab... Watching your every video since the beginning of farmers protest continuously....tnx for your support and your efforts to impart the awareness and being a voice of farmers. Love from all farmers and Congratulations...
This is absolutely the worst farmers will be back under the corrupt rule of APMC .
Shame Shame Zee for not respecting farmers
Half of the military soldiers hail from farmer backgrounds
all support farmers ...shame on Modi govt
The opposition wanted a vote on Farmers bill, that did not happen either.
Government worked too hard to defame the farmers
Augur well for farmers 
There are many comments which show only one side of farm bills and it's sort of deceptive. Here is the complete list of pros and cons of farm bills.
In 2019 Kisaan Sangathan Support CONGRESS for this Bill
Farmers will be the last nail in the coffin of this arrogant govt.
sikhs are the 5th largest religion in the world shocking that indians know nothing about sikhs -  when the nishan sahib flag is in every country in the world -- where sikhs live and indians think its khalisatani and do not even know that sikhs holy flag is - sikhs do not want khalisatan as they live around the world and in all parts of india - infact sikhs have progressed and the richest in most countrys and feed the whole of india - why are people in india so uneducated - sikhs are not happy as the red fort has been sold and it belong to the sikhs  - The conquest of Lal Qila was won by the Sikh forces in 1783 - and belongs to the sikhs - modi goverment has sold the LAL QILA and sikhs as not happy and have every right to host the nishan sahib flag - shame on modi goverment as he is selling everything only sikhs can save india
Modi should have to take action on Taliban.
I am an IT software Techie, you have given me the idea to develop such kind of applications which can help farmers & consumers. Finger crossed for this farmer bill.
Talking about MSP and farmers freedom to sell their produce for higher price is just like debating about Chip in 2000 note during demonetization, discussing tax evasion during introduction of GST. Actuall issue is survival of States. Let us know that 60 percent of Taxes collected from Farmers are used to meet salaries of Land Revenue department by the State Governments. If farming sector collapses and if it is taken over by foreign corporates then they will pay GST to central government not to the State governments. Then how State governments will run? And taxes or cess collected at mandis or market yards is used by State Governments to meet emergency needs. If both these sources of income are curtailed how can States survive? State governments are back bone of Indian union. If States are done away with like this India would be thrown into anarchy like situation..
I think people of having little thinking and sense  brainwashed the innocent  farmers and incited them for protesting for their political benefits.
They are not farmers okk. Farmer's are anndata of Bharat. They only do such silly politics only for election. Whole India know that they are not farmers. Plzz don't harm public property
Just do look @ the no. Of likes n dislikes.Yesterday-Today-n in future also he just blames congress n don't speek abt what are his plans for farmers instead he just motivates.
It looks like Indians fighting British rule, the rss sanghis rule. Inqilab zindabad.
When will these people admit that it is the Mandi leaders and not the government that is trying to exploit them? It's so hypocritical to complain about farmer exploitation and then remain silent about the real culprits because of social pressure and norms.
Farmers are the real proud of India 
As a farmer and also i am in protest, first thing most (all) farmers didn't know Delhi roads, govt ka plan tha ki protester ko Red fort le jna, 
I request all the people of India and political parties come forward for our Indian farmers. Jai kissan.
I want to thx bbc from heart of core . Support farmers  background song 
as long as farmers depend on government they will never grow
Monopoly bill.. Not farmer's bill
Oh my God that is India, the biggest democracy of the world .Police is being hella brutal. LOL
Idiots supported, played in the hand of anti national elements. Nation and small majority kisans are the looser. Modi and BJP is not at all looser. They are politician and will take it in their stride. 
Jess bajwa u got nice voice and u did good jobs for farmers rub taynoo chrdy cla witch rakhay or kamyab kray or iezth day or negayban ray ksan akta zendabad watching u from England but I am from azad Kashmir Pakistan.
Salute Farmers.....they are real leaders and let them lead this issue, we all TRUST Farmers and DO NOT TRUST the corrupt Govts......peace...!!!
Can't agree with this move as the law is beneficial to the farmers. It is time for real protest. 
India should start taxing agricultural  income  after some limit and use that fund to give farming subsidy ..
Farmers  national guardian
I feel pity for the Haryana Police , as , they have to work so hard everyday , for protecting the MPs , MLA,s and Ministers . Most of the farmers may be related to them .
Stop these brutalities against farmers.
BAOT SAHI KAHA TIKAIT SAHAB NE  KE BJP KE AANE E BAAD CORRUPTION JAIDA BAD GYA HAI. YEH TOH HUMNE BHI FEEL KIYA HAI DAY TO DAY LIFE MEIN
This is the present situation of most of our farmers.
Very well said Nigadh. Videshiyon ka agenda executed through farmers.
Who protesters are not a farmer they're congress party person. The formers list should be taken how participate in the strick. Real formers can not do strick long time. All protesters list should taken and find real formers.
Pray for all innocent farmers
While the farmers might have won the battle, India lost the war. This ensures India stays an agricultural society for decades to come.
Democracy is moving toward dictatorship in India under modi
WE ARE SUPPORT FARMERS
Zee news = BJP news
Several of our brothers were killed today in an act that shows the evil that is gripping india though modishah government.
Politicians get paid while farmers do NOT.
Thank you modi, ji my dad is mp state, farmer.
But i support farmer and those who involve 26 jan violent protests they done actual criminal activity . Should be investigating matter 
2. In the 2nd bill, As explained in the clip, there will be no tax if a farmer sells out the Mandi or APMC but one have to pay tax if it is sell inside a Mandi. So who wants to pay extra tax when I can sell legally without paying tax outside?? Slowly few years down the line there will be no business transaction in an Mandi n will have to close down. State government lose its tax revenue, no government or FCI purchase on MSP or minimum support price. No wonder if the subsidies food items the government provide to hunger poor people in a fair price shop will close down or not. 
They are not only farmers.They are former jawan.
Narendra Modi ji should pass a new Law in the Parliament to protect and give better terms and advantages to the (Most Deserving) 80% small and poor farmers whom he has dealt a big jolt by promising to repeal the three Farm Laws!!
Any idea, what percentage of the farmers sell their produce in APMCs?
My very respected our prime minister Narendra bhai modi ji, facts are little different.... I am on your side and don't blame you for anything but need to say here is that these new agriculture bills will completely ruin indian agriculture structure which is the last hope for the development country like India.... You are great..., come forward and meet experienced kisaan leaders at kundli border delhi haryana... And announced from their stage only that you are going to take back these bills and promise them to make laws which will favours all Indian agriculture structure.... I definitely say.... This will be much more historic act like you did earlier on your prime ministerial term. ..... Well wishes for Indian prosperity.
After all farmer protest suppressed..wah wah central home ministry and Delhi police ..shame on you..
Again those 99 khalistani farmers 
Salute to the great sardars of India specially the Punjabi community ! 
What will you eat if PM Modi does retire even after winning elections?
They have a habit of without discussing passing laws...so everybody should support farmers now..
In reality Pepsi is right about their case against Gujarati farmer they developed a special kind of potato by years of research they have a pattern on the potato seeds you cannot use that I want to go to home which is high and dry contains to sell other than Pepsi and the farmer you are talking about is not a small one he is a rich fellow (200-300 acre property farming) used this potatoes to sell to the other competitive company of the Pepsi to gain a better margin in the product.. this is the reality and no one talks about it(I know this because I am in the same business)
If someone seeing my comment outside from India please do support farmers because Indian media is purchased by govt even govt did so many wrong things in past but media continuously supporting them despite people don't like
Farmers already told about farmers law what they will face on implementing it.
     *Revoke The Anti-Farmer* 
We are with farmers 
Be aware from Indian name I'd in comments they all are Pakistani but have made Indian named id so that they can make fool to Indian youthhhhh
The people who attacked others cars and beat them are not farmers , they are hooligans and they belong to just one place which is prison..
Sareya singers nu aa k ethe sath dena chahida farmers da
One cant argue that the bill affects farmers in Punjab more than rest , because thats not true.
There is no law and order left in India. What supreme court is doing? Why people are being killed both sides. Why court doesn't hear the farmer case and see if they are having valid arguments or not. If not then make them end this agitation and if their reasons are valid then government should take back these laws.
Indian army 30% bhi agar afganistan me chale jaye to pura game palat jayega.  But bohot sari international pressure hota hye.  Sabh thik hojaye .. vus pray kar saktye hye.. modiji plz do something..
So desperate to bring a law to help farmers and on the other side nt listeng to them ignoring them..if govt want welfare then let them live as they are
For your kind information, India has approx 15 crore farmers. Only few thousands are protesting because they are middlemen they have left farming way back and are enjoying massages, pizza parties, dry fruits, mineral waters. this is fake protest as anti CAA.
Those who support today's protect and throwing of Indian flag on streets ; should live my country.
Bjp is giving us more reason to not ellect them in next elections
let us not jump into conclusions..... 2 farmers dies out of 8... who are the other 5? Think!!!
Now Govt should not retract the farm laws...because so called farmers are just blackmailing the country.
So in fake congress farmers protest someone was crushed
Once confidence taken place there will be no problems. Anything win - win situation. In most of the cases private companies are being advantages. In these cases farmers suffer.
BJP, RSS  are not consider family sentiment until India become hindu rashtra
This our responsibility to stand with  our food producers they are not begging for anything they fighting for upcoming generations of Punjab and generations of India .
I'm also with our farmer 
Stand With Farmers Not with RIOT makers
WHAT A STRATEGY-- I KNOW U WILL TELL SAME THING BEFORE ANDHRA PRDESH ELECTIONS NO PRIVATIZATION AND WE SAY OH MODI UR GREAT ANDH BAKHTS...
Thank You for this video. It has cleared all the doubts related to the farm bills.
Who decide whats good for farmers ?
Never saw a muslim in favour of farm laws, also didnt see a Sikh in favour of farm laws. I mean Cmon, not all Muslims and Sikhs are farmers in this country. CAA k baad Farm laws p achi Khaasi politics ho gyi ab dekhte hai agla bada mudda kya hota hai government ko gherne ka and Public property barbaad karne ka.
Shame on modi BJP
Why pm modi is giving surprise announce on demonstration then now on on farms law repeal - who gives that authority to modi to present personally
#istandwiththepanjabfarmers hope it all works out and gets sorted ASAP!! WJKKWJKF 
You can not compare America with India, America has alternative employment means for its people India hasn't. There are no small farmers left in America.
Now farmers should move to Delhi Parliament and India gate Lal Qila
If Contract Farming is beneficial or a farmer gets better rates outside APMC without mandi tax and all - then why is bihar agriculture system staggering? 
BJP need not worry about any negative electoral impact and in fact it is bound to gain very positively a lot electorally both in the long and short run. But the crucial and some what the urgent need of the hour is that BJP should deploy its best communication and campaign skills in dispelling \ countering \ negating the poisonous, extremely negative and a very wide inimical campaign started by the many rich farmers and very rich arthriyas (middlemen) in absolute collaboration with some political parties that are against the BJP against the new 3 farm laws in order to influence the poor and marginal farmers of Jats and of India also.
I m from bihar ..I support  Farmers protest.. keep it up we all r with u ..drna Ni h
People who are targeting Sikhs when Sikhs retaliate than you guys hide under ur beds. Hindu sikhs are together in Punjab. Sikhs and Hindus who were brought to india  in 1991 are still waiting on citizenship and extending visas. They dont want to leave there business in Afghanistan and I can see some hate flashing in comments since Sikhs in Canada are strong. Dont hate but follow
Farmers are the ones feeding us in this earth so they should be treated well , farming is there source of income
The man who drove car over  the  farmers was the son of the minister
Wth you farmers... We shall overcome
Rubika ji, you are becoming baseless anchor. You always target opposition and those persons who are disagree with govt. Media is to ask questions to Govt. If the agitation is going on the road, govt is responsible. If the people are suffering, govt is responsible. If any riots or violence occure, govt is responsible. All those are so, as India is democratic country. 
Modi has made his puppets as CM in every BJP ruling state
What about those farmers who is willing and happy with additional option to sell.
Modi bhakt...Always favours  BJP.
Vice didn't even througly  discuss the new farm bills .
Start systematic targeting of godi media. Don't let those anchors rest peacefully.  Godi media ko kootna shuru karon.
Pictures are found of Aman Nihang meeting with BJP top leaders of Punjab clicked few day before this incidents..
Finally the arrogance has been shattered by the determination of the farmers.
Only Punjab and Haryana farmers have a problem with this law because of the middlemen and dalals.
Rich farmers can only protest. MSP for all crops. Govt should & must buy. Repeal laws. Increase tax. Store grains to rot. Glorify inefficiency. Get international visibility.......... Hypocracy at its best. Genuine farmers continue to suffer
Priya mam critacal l clear my all dout regarding this farmers issue Thank you 
Andhbhkts who called farm protest as international conspiracy are today talking about democracy. Andhbhkts who called farmers as traitors, anti-nationals, goons, khalistani are today talking about national interests. Even a chameleon don't change colour so fast. 
Thankyou for addressing farmers as farmers
State like Bihar don't have Mandi System . They have private sector who never give them appropriate price of there crop. Bihar already have private sector for buying the crop from farmers from past 10 years than also Bihar farmers are poorest in the country with 5000 monthly income where as state like Haryana who have govt. Mandis farmer income is 14,000 per month. So bringing private sector in agriculture is surely not a solution of this problem. Problem is to remove middle man or make a law for compulsury to followed by all the states and increase wearhouse system where govt. can store good amount of food to sell other country. India is on no.1 to sell food in international market than also indian farmers are poorest is the world
This is not done I'm very disappointed by Modi ji what the benefit of having 300+ seats and still you can't implement the bills on ground. This set a example of any group people can come together and oppose any bill block roads and pressurise government to revoke that bill , so what the benefit of having power, are those bills were wrong than why earlier you support those bills and argued on very stage. I don't think there is any benefit of having a majority government anymore.
see farmers are misinformed about msp. the laws dont have anything to do with msp itself.and govt has assured that also.the apmc with thier msp will not go even after 100 years if the apmc act is undisturbed.its actually farmers choice that they want to sell in mandi or to private sector. so punjabs farmers should continue to sell in mandi and dont sell in private sector.
I don' t know why Govt. Does not Give its ensurance to poor farmer regarding msp.
In short this bill is very good for farmers. thanks
Real farmers (not the wolves in the sheepskin ) enjoyed,reaped the benefits of the 3 farm laws for nearly a year.....
And the winner is the Indian farmer.
Why did Sikh so called farmers and others come HERE? What do they have to do with CM Yogi? We can't simply be emotional on this incident, need REAL truth.
Are only sikh people farmers?If it was such a big movement then the government would have fallen in days but this  protest by sikh farmers who are rich who dont want to give there monopoly.
Indian and Western ha ha worlds most comedians peoples
Government's response has been fervently against repealing the laws, same as the farmers refuse to buckle. So the government is also maintaining peaceful resilience. Politics aside, no one has been harmed.
Most of the issues which have been addressed in the video ,govt have already made decision that they will change 10 things in this law and most of the things have been covered what the farmers want but still they are forcing the govt to take the 3 laws fully back. Scoopwhoop should do proper investigation and then put the video out in public.
Modi ji should agree to demands of farmers. Farmers are the backbone of the nation, if everything is privatised then what will these farmers do?
In western UP there was some infouence of farmers protest and few votes itself could throw bjp out. 
While I understand that the whole movement was spearheaded by Farmers of Punjab and Haryana but IMHO they were not representing whole Indian farmers. State governments were free to amend and create bylaws.
Wese toh itne protest n murders ki zarurat nhi the,, lekin,baat tab ayeh the govt k ego par. Ego bada hai farmers k life se
bro u should discuss the farm bills and I know you will not cause it will expose your propoganda.
laws repeal happens in parliament not inn bhashan for vote.. if he is really repealing the law do it in parliament dont start the farm repeal bhashans 
Just one note-Taxes are not paid by farmers but by the buyers in APMC
Mr.Owaisi , the only reason we are not banning Taliban is to protect Hindus , Buddists and other minorities still staying in Afghanistan.And there are other incmplete Indian projects in Afhanistan, which China will be happy to take over. International politics is complicated.
God will rot them in hell .RIP for those farmers 
This guy didn't mention German farmers protest so did the rest of westen media.
Unfaithful bjp govt are not even spared farmers where is our country heading too people open ur eyes and elect the good leaders we don't want this mischief every other day
These farmers are going to starve and she talks about protesting during a pandemic, smh.
Why pb and hr farmers have problems with farmer law ...they are very much prosperous or ammer pe to sbse baad me aanch aati he naa.... obviously there daal m kaala...even supreme court condemns the protest but these khalistanis will never respect the supreme court order
Shame on so called farmer.
Lef and Congress party : We need zero development, we won't wanna see rich farmers..
Watching this video after an year when bills has been repealed
I think and I can only hope they have seen  their mistakes of neglegence over media narratives that have went completely wrong in Modi 2.0 over all issues be it CAA, Covid 19 narrative or farm laws..... 
Re kaise ban karega Modi?? Already Russia and China are supporting the Talibans, agar sirf India ban karega to fir bohat tension bad jayega , don't you know about that???.. Aur uss condition me Afghanistan me koi vi country ke log nehi reh rahe, to fir India kaise chor Ata apne countrymen ko???
Will not trust this farmers protect 
We support to our farmers brothers and we salute for their dedication, they are not begging,they need their rights,
And overall..if the whole system is great..well and good then why farmers suicide(perhpas noone would have seen such suicides  in punjab and haryana as in MP and Maharashtra)
She's not bothered about the farmers problems...look at her face....so disinterested!!
I am the son of farmer. I live in Gujarat and I know what happens on farmer when they can't sell their crops somewhere else where they can get more money . Lots of small farmers from Maharashtra send their sugarcane to Gujarat and sell it for sake of more margin. They do it under the table and they give cut money to brokers. 
Well done people. Bless you all who stand for farmers and humanity 
This is exactly what happened in hawai. The farmers cannot sell the crops to anyone other than the corporation with the patent. They then fall in debt and are forced to sell their land to the corporations. These reforms are deadly.
A beautiful development. Serves Pakistan very well. Surely and slowly,  the Afghan Taliban and TTP, will join hands and fragment Pakistan. My ears are waiting for the sweet news.
This removal of law due to few groups might result to small farmers would suffer more
Watch punjabi media... to know where these leaders actually stay . U bjp 
We support farmers 
And to all the farmers, don't back down. If all of us together do not protest now, every future farmer will have to suffer. I wish you all the best.
I am not a farmer but  M 100 % with the farmers.
Media will never show this, thank you Scoopwhoop. Long Live Farmers
What the central government is doing having all the central agencies & military in hand or the other option is yogiji's technique of compensating the loss from the people responsible....
This whole situation is deliberately created by modi. Bjp wanted to show this side of the protests to the world and they with careful planning created a choas with help of Delhi police and CRPF which made the farmers to change their designated March route. CRPF and Delhi police opened fired in laal kila and more than 100 farmers were injured and several died because of BJP govt plans. BJP very well know how to take political advantage of such situation as they have massive experience after Godra riots.
Increase of free markets and reduction of government intervention has been proven time and time again to work. If the farmers need a safety net to reduce exposure to exploitation then they must organize. Farmers in the west began organizing as far back as 100 years ago to fight interested parties  with money looking to take what was their's. Farmer collectives were formed to pool farmers resources to create collective banks, insurance companies against loss due to drought and other factors. This was done in the 19th century. Today, smartphone technology and user friendly apps can empower farmers to cooperate to further their goals at a pace unwitnessed in Human history. 
The  farmers wanted to utilize  the difficult CORONA situation in  India. It is not justifiable.
Hes so nice to explain both sides of the story. I have some clarity now on why there is support for the bill.
So you will do the same violence once you are in Delhi ? And you say what has happened now is not planned , how come so many weapons with Farmers?
So shocking that the farmers had to go through this.
These laws are anti farmers
Honor to the farmers... This shows that bjp govt and an army of police cannot suppress the protest.
And people wonder why farmers commit suicide. They are burdened by heavy loans and the banks cannot touch people like Mallya but will go after our poor farmers. Harass them irrespective of what their situation is. Hopefully the government comes off it's high horse and stops treating them like our enemies. We eat  thanks to our farmers. Hope and pray that this is sorted soon.
So called farmers we want MSP 
- Cases against Farmers and activists should be withdrawn.
Hilarious when you consider that it was Pakistani intelligence (the ISI) and the Pakistani army, working with the local clerics, who first organized the formation of the Taliban and trained them. Pakistani army advisors were present among Taliban forces right up to the commencement of US airstrikes in November 2001.
      ,    Motor vehicle (Repeal) bill   ,        
Modi ji speeches speeches speeches, but No emotional responsibility for their lives who lost 750 farmers lives.. Now this speechs is all about  election rolls effect saathiyon, desh vaasiyon, 750 Farmers have died, and not even single exgratia has given. Lot of Arrogance & Ignorance towards respective farmers of India, this is the worst bad attitude of Modi ji bjp govtSad reality of india
The best part of this interview is that farmers have proclaimed pm modi as the champion  of lies, another great achievement of modi.
It is defeated of all indian people. So all over India protest to return farm Bill.
Amazong insights you have shown, I throughly enjoyed the video,  actually I felt it and yes we should stand with farmers.  Mne azadi ki ldai to nhi dekhi,  pr hn shayad isi trah ka jazba rha hoga logo me uss waqt bhi... #jaikissan.
Thanku ndtv for covering this news  other channels are playing dirty politics and hiding the facts standing against farmers .. really appreciate that you guys are doing your honest part  .. where these days all the mainstream media channels have sold themselves to modi government and misleading the facts spreading fake news or ignoring the reality  .. im sure all the farmers and true indians will always appreciate your channel and support you .. 
A win to the farmers... hope this is not a trap
1. The essential commodities act of several decades back was originally intended & enacted against sharp & undue price rise in essential items of comman man.
The problems in Afghanistan are both internal and external. The tribal system and various warlords continue to fight among each other. The Afghan government has no real power and have mismanaged a lot of the projects under them. 20 Years of US in Afghanistan has not bought peace. India and Pakistan has also chosen sides and unless and until their is peace between these 2 regional rivals i am afraid there will never be peace in Afghanistan. Its all about geo-politics.
RIP to those farmers who lost their lives while fighting for their rights. One biggest question Who is responsible for the death of these farmers???
MSP is more like sarkari naukari where you know the prices will be paid and you just do what you have been doing with price revisions is also there. Also to get the money bribe is to be paid (like to get salary, promotion, permanent position).
"Farmer's" , all honest activities and all honest protests....
India must understand and learn from last 1000 years history never ever invested heavy investment in any Muslim country specially in Afghanistan ,Pak, Iran, Iraq, Bangladesh etc, tum media also marketing free for these nesty terrorist groups. From, k Singh Rajput Rajasthan
How soft policy of present government. But media is not showig real picture.The politician calling it Jailianwala Bagh. There was kisan Andolan in 1998 when police opened fired and killing 24 kisan in Multai, Madhya Pradesh.
The only reason I listen to this fool AIM is because he is cute. He has been wrong about every second sweeping analysis he has made. As a BJP voter I am disappointed prima facie but I would wait till 29 for the laws to be repealed and see the end game because the opposition (BKU) is doing that. AIM is a ludo player contesting for chess  grandmastership.
Bjp in its last days of power in India
Excellent breakdown of the farm laws , while I agree he had to down play all politicians to explicitly state that he is neutral and apolitical,  the modi statement he sighted that ECA needs to be implemented during emergency is something that made sense and what Modi said then about it and what he is doing now is not any different, while congress simply is supporting to repeal laws blatantly and is completely doing opposite
We sport Farmer because we are farmer
I have gone through farm bill and talked to many farmers and cooperates... And I feel that these laws are wrong which will diminish farmers, aadhatiya and many persons who work. Many will be unemployment. 
Shame on this IAS, so much power with no responsibility towards Constitution and people of India. These are criminals sitting at high post that they don't deserve. If government has little shame left, remove this criminal with immediate effect.
Few years back I started growing organic vegetables on farm to home basis where we could eliminate 6 middlemen and got remunative prices. My father was one the biggest agriculturist but I could not get best quality wheat and rice because I live in West Bengal.
Repealing the law on Gurpurab. Quoting Guru Nanak Dev ji. Heh. Yeah you wont be getting any votes in Punjab either way.
Interesting Input. 3 years back, I had written to PM how farmers can be persuaded, through incentives, to compete international market in dairy sector, unfortunately, PMO took a stand that CMs can deliver better. If that is true why PM imposed 3 Krishi Laws ?
They re khalstans not farmer's.. farmers dont wear bhinderwale printed t shirt , they don't lych innocent pple to death.. 
No matter what the quantum. Sarkar would pick it up and provide farmers with a minimum amount as compensation per quintal or ton as the case maybe. 
I don't understand real farmers who is ok for this law,not raising voice, probably they cannot come out because of their day to day continues work. These middleman  can sit because they don't have any work except collection.
india fears the Taliban
Breaks my heart, but the spirit of the farmers is so overwhelming 
A government aginst our own farmers..indian Hitler modiraj murdhabad corporate Bandhu Modi murdhabad black law's should be removed immediately
What a great democratic leader. Absolutely humble in accepting mistakes. It only took him 1 year, 700 deaths of farmers and by poll election results to take such a brave decision. May India continue to move forward in this direction of leaders like him for self-destruction 
BJP government are doing wrong, this is Indian farmers not terrorist
We are extremely thankful to News Laundry for the nice & clear presentation. Your  talk makes one to get a better understanding of the working system there. Now from what the Govt. says Modi expects everyone to have explicit faith & trust in him since he alone has the best of intentions for the farmers, thats why he has brought these new farm Laws. Okay now if what he means what he says why was the tearing hurry to pass it in the parliament. All the people know how Modi meant and done with the Demonetisation law and GST laws. So after seeing all these affects; how does he expect  the nation to now fully place their full trust in him. Everything  he does will become suspicious. Apart from Demonetisation/GST, everyone knows   how many great Institutions are getting privatised and All Gujarati Corporates  get the benefit. And the list goes on and on  Yet the PM wants to nation to give him our full Trust. Tragedy for the Indians. Jai Hind !
Modi ji & Yogi ji today is very sad & unforgiving day for our country. Sources tell Son of Ajay Mishra Minister of State for Home has murdered 8 farmers at Lakhimpur Khari. Stop testing farmers patients. Take immediate & harsh action against those responsible.
Firstly farmers laws are amended...
When farmers get profitable sale price on their produce, farm labourers and those working in unorganised sector get adequate wages then nation also prospers.
Its very sad , literally no   one even the protestor  has expected the repal of farm laws  
Shame on Narendra Modi. Failed as pm of India
ALL THE HONEST AND SINCERE PEOPLE AROUND THE WORLD SUPPORT THE LEGITIMATE MOVEMENT OF THE FARMERS.
Why the hell all opposition back farmers and it it as if thier victory ,one idiot comparing modi to ravan also this is cheap politics... Indias should  come to street and fight for correct fm laws to be implement which modi did...
An eyeopener account on farm bills and why we should stand with farmers. Govt is simply acting insensitive to the matter. Preposterous.
Very nice explained.  The bill is not good for farmers
Farmers always 
Modiji is one smart politician. He will say it wisely.
Shri  Guru  Nanak Dev ji  bless all of our farmer brothers and sisters .
Justice for our farmers. 
Farmers are 100%right
If Taliban is a terrorist organization why Indian media entertain them?why does govt of India is approaching them on multiple occasion to talk??why not shun them altogether?
They are Khalisthan supporters with their flags..They are not true farmers
Priyanka Gandhi should also tell, were there farmers who did violence on Jan 26 ??? If not, then these were the people to whom Government was blaming ...
Godi media is in trouble
Sometimes I don't understand, what the hell bbc actually want ? Earlier, they was doing news in the favour of protesting farmers, now they are projecting like PM has done something wrong. 
My dear these are not speculations ,they are reality.....Farmer's demands are genuine and logicak....proposed laws will benefit the corporate.....
Ravish ke liye sabse bada terror Modi hai. Aur ye bahut bimar hai. Get well soon Ravish
Very unfortunate day for all farmers today.
I agree with each word of AIM. Though his language was harsh but he unleashed the harsh truths. No one wants to talk about Khalistan but Khalistani killed more than 65000 Hindus in Punjab. And no one got punishment. Even no one bothers about those innocent Hindus
With subsidies for power, fertilizer, seeds, pesticides, tractors .... still farming to get MSP is huge ask. Yet it is a conundrum. In what segment does the supposed new laws get a better deal for the farmer.
Support the all farmers, give respect to this person who made this video, jai hind. 
Even Modi will be rejected by People.
Really respect and proud of our farmers specially the punjabis and sikhs.
Man what hell!! The rot in the comment makes me sick to core!!! Are people really justifying these stone age barbarians?! I have lost every, every ounce respect for farmers and this protest after I saw those videos of that frail man hung upside down with his arms chopped off and was slowly bleeding to death!! He was screaming and begging for mercy and these apes!! Just let hang there.. disgusting!!!!
Anything new, especially something this significant, is going to be challenged, it's not surprising. But then again with the amount of issues the farmers have faced over so many years , it's clear thee current system doesn't work. I therefore can't stand with the farmers that they're not even willing to give the new system a go. Remember privatization of Indian biz in 1991? This could similarly revolutionize indian farming.
But after the farmers law no farmer suicided is what I think. Anyway rich farmer will exploit the poor.
Indian farmers voice needs to be heard and accepted.
Hats off to delhi govt For not killing anybody. And shame on these so called farmers
I am farmer in punjab I am welcome to new farmer law in punjab thanks 
It's sad to see these illiterate farmers and their so-called "leaders" with vested interests protesting for something fictitious like thinking that government will stop providing MSPs to farm produce. To those who don't know a dime about the Indian Agriculture system, my advice is Google a little and gain some knowledge about the dire issues that this law intends to address. It would have been fine if farmers were protesting after the govt. has taken back the MSP support which is never gonna happen because no political party is dumb enough to lose farmers' vote which is about 70% of the working class (it's a huge number believe me) by cutting down MSPs. 
We support#FARMERS
Long live Farmer's 
Indian govt want's to talk with Taliban on particular terms, but why India do not support to Norther Alliance for our safety. All super power become zero in front of Taliban... ?
I support this bill
The opposition to the bill is in fact, anti farmer. There may be loopholes in the law    which if any could be detected after implementation of the law and rectified afterwards.Farmers are the most exploited community . This can be see  in their  physical appearance. They were suffering all the same and politicians exploit them.If something is good coming be with them.
There are no shortcuts to success. Farmers were provoked to take these shortcuts and yield more using fertilizers and here are the consequences of it...
I hope the govt will come back with the Farm laws after consulting the concerned and rightly educating the public. We need to modernize in order compete with the world. Tax cannot always flow in one direction alone viz. into subsidizing the farmers always, since there has to be an end in sight to these subsidies, else it is eating into the taxpayer paying public.
I support the farmers. Down with fascist govt.
What a shameful debate. Godi media chumche
Liar. Why should we believe you?  Have you ever spoken truth? Let the farmers decide what they want and what they have to do. You must focus on providing them better infrastructure and subsidies.
The food donor you are calling a terrorist is yours next time. It's time, if you can't support, don't protest because the farmer is fighting not only his own battle but also yours.
I stand with the government initiative however only empowerment must be given Farmers to challenge in the court instead to approach SDM. SDM tends to fall under Political pressure after all he/she is a civil servant.
Farmer is the only businessperson who Buys in Retail and Sells in wholesale and pays for freight Both Ways.
Commission agents and power bearers in APMC mandis protesting under the guise of farmer protests.
Confusion is just this why government is not taking initiative for middle men and that is why farmers and middle men are protesting because they feel justice should be given to everyone!!!!
Stand with Farmers .
Those who say this is shameless they never felt shame on our govt when 150+ farmers died(gave shaheedi) while protesting
The fact is, India is now an incredibly polarized country : where one group of vocal people would support the Government no matter what, and another equally vocal group would oppose the government no matter what.....People rejoicing in yesterday's win would do well to remember this : there will come a time that they too will sit in power, and BJP could very well use the exact same tactics to bring the country to a halt...Would that fight be worth it ? Only time will tell....
Repeal three laws? Yeah, and repeal the nationality law, and ban the IMF and World Bank, and forgive all farmers debt, and subsidize small farms, and invest in rural and poor communities, and invest massively in infrastructure, and abolish caste discrimination, and...
Great job lalantop....!!! I am from Assam ... #isupportfarmers
The bill aims to reduce the chain of middlemen..shorten the supply chain , link farmers directly to sellers.
This is not farmer's rally , they cannot few foolish people can't dominated by whole indian farmers
Shame  shame  shame of indian democracy.slur on the face of RSS n BJP
Congratulations to indian farmers on total failure of govt.and total surrender to farmers demands.Actually this govt. is total failure on all fronts from the very begning.
Violence is condemned by farmers but why to force laws which are not required to those citizens for whom these are enacted. Government is full of Highly Intelligent people so From PM TO CM need to take decision. 
Healthy agree production, Rich Bharat , removing middlemens, Employment generation, proper utilization of resources like water, electricity, Minimizing flood, ecological balance, nutritious Bharat, GDP growth, educated farmers, increase in Purchasing power, Bharat Sone ki Chidiya, Ram Rajya
Arrogance & aggression defeated by faith and humbleness. A big lesson for India and other adventurists. Long live Taliban!
Except Yogi ji, everywhere they must lose the election
Thats not how a real farmer would stack sugarcanes in a trolley. Clearly this is scripted. Those farmers didn't even know the laws.
Farmers are under attack by police
GDP ki lgi pdi h,farmers ,the ones for whose benefits this law is being implemented are protesting...
What ever happened with farmers in lakhimpur is not good but why government give handsome amount to them with the cost of public money. Money can not replace life of the farmers. Need to make enquiry.
Sirji... Nam country nalli jasti iroru small and medium farmers. Avrella big like 50,60 acre land holders jote compete madodu innovative agi tagolodu easy illa. Govt support bekagutte.
Farmer problems are very old problems. No Government have taken any steps to resolve the problem. Modi government is trying his best.
Farmers may be given choice to sell their product anywhere in India for better price as per their choice. It is not retreat of govt but honouring north India farmers decision.
Thank you Modi G for repealing these laws...U r a great leader.. Salute to u..1st time u made a great decision...
BJP = Ambani Janta Party murdabad!! We need  a party that represents its people and their interests.  Ambani Janta Party is only working for Ambani !! Kissan Ekta Zindabad!!
This bill has removed that obstacle in front of the farmers and allowed them to do business with companies or the customers directly due to the contract based farming.
It's not victory for farmers. Already lost 700 lives. Modi & co should get punishment for that.
My question is, surplus the FCI has why dont they sell to the corporates. Farmers would be happy that they are getting their money and the FCI would not be in debt. The concerns of the farmers are that if its open market and theres a surplus who would buy it? If its the FCI that would buy the surplus then whats the difference with the current situation. The right approach should be government should sell to the corporates or export the excess.
Submission will not bring anything good for BJP or India.
I shoppet ravish Kumar NDTV India prime Time news channel number 1 Jaipur
@sudhir you gave your opinion on the matter you say Pakistan is helping these so called khalistani (note: I don't support Khalistan) do you have have any proof of whatever you have reported , if you have any share it !
If they don't crush farmers then they will be alive
I don't think credit goes to amrinder singh all the credit goes to the farmers
What about 700 farmers lost the life? Election coming.
There is huge disconnect between farmers/workers/laborers and urban/middle class/elite section/agri business of Indian society. People who are mostly discussing this issue (including this well meaning young Youtuber running Finology) have no clue about actual problems of farming in India. The most dangerous thing is that bureaucracy and political class(which actually makes laws and implement thru bureaucracy) in India is totally obliviant when it comes to farming. Farming in India is very diverse and each region has its own issues that is why it was supposed to be state subject instead of central govt's concurrent list. Crux of most problems is that India is being run from Delhi instead of giving more power to each state and in centralized decision making states are not represented equally. With current dispensation we are slowly moving towards disintegration of India. So enjoy living in bubble as longs as you can.
Your channel should report on the MSP guarantee and how farmers will benefit vis a vis broker involvement earlier
Not surprised by vox why they come up such scripts, the three new farm bills were very much needed this hour and farmers have been heard for the first time. Ignoring the bill will only cause big merchants from Punjab and Haryana to exploit the farmers. In India contract farming is a new revolution where we can get utmost benefit with its results, unlike other protest even this protest is funded by khalistanis,left opposition parties etc.
farmers always thinks corporate are looters. This perception should change
Please support for Indian farmers and thanks BBC news
Democracy wins and salute to our Farmers. Jai Hind 
Farmers police fighting with eachother & bjp busy in Bengal elections 
Saudi Arabia already has the islamic laws and women are covered with full clothes than why we Indians and rest of world do not call them terrorist?
Great Indian farming is dead forever. Useless . Hated BJP in past, but had hoped that this bill will remove the draconian old law that the British has kept when ruling India (Fun fact even Britain does not follow it now). The faith is sealed for farmers . Sorry to say, farmers, live poor for eternity farmers. If this was reality at least a private company would lease your farmland and plan logistics of moving the product, and you could have lived without, any restrain. The congress never wanted India to be rich, and Modi fulfilled it thanks, we will still be stuck in this well.
Dirty politics and leaders never gonna help common people and Farmers so justice was done on spot full support to nihung singhs well done babaji 
Rakesh tikat is a political leader not a farmer.
We want the middle men not to loot farmers and consumers..  example farmers sells tomatoes for 3 rs per kg but we consumers get it for 35 rs... WTF
3. The new laws prohibit the sale, lease or transfer of any kind of the land of the farmers. Thus they will not lose their land. 
At last, clarity. I hope farmers come to their senses watching this.
It's masters stroke of Modi ji 
For point 1 i think there are startups now which are already helping farmers with seeds and other tech inputs.They can also provide legal services for farmer when dealing with corporates.
It was not the farmers  who were agitating but the brokers and commision agents who had Nexus with corporate world, what ever be farmers are the bigger loss .
So so happy for the farmers
Then our godi media, which certainly has a different objective so they were the usual parrot of  BJP . Anyway they are no longer consequential. Pls keep up the good work and wishing u success
Rakesh Ticket and yogendra Yadav are enjoying and earning money from 18 months. Now both can also enjoy further 3 months. Afterward they have to count time in seconds. As Yogi will taken legal action.
Its a high time to support farmers...they are fighting for our survival and we should be ashamed of ourselves if we are not doing anything to support farmers protest
This seems like a conspiracy.. it seems as if the Jat leaders are trying to settle the score with Raj Kumar Saini under the grab of Farmer protest
When procurement season opens then govt. provides around 40-50rs a qunital to the aadhtiya not the farmers and before the farm laws also farmers were free to sell their crops in the open market , the govt. is making fool of the people who are not associated with farming and spreading the wrong information.
FARMER - Back bone to our country.
I saw a massive caravan of the Indian farm protestors in Sacramento, CA. It was actually quite powerful to watch.
Thanks for farmers voice up@
Farmers doing more than the Congress..Where are the opposition party leaders when you need them??
These Farmers deserve "The Most Clueless People On The Earth Award" 
BJP's every action is always election motivated. Modi's fear of losing the U.P and Punjab elections ,made him take the U-turn on Black farm laws.
Government cannot sustain supporting 600 million people. Failed socialism of the 50s-90s has brought the farmers to this situation. Everyone agrees that we need change but what would the changes be is the question ? Modis answer is privatization.
Thanks Modi Ji. You were much better than those congressi in the 80s.
God bless you all the farmers
Victory of taluban All news are about fall of Kabul or Collapse of Afghanistan. But no one is telling as Fall of NATOforces or failure of usa. Is this not victory of Taliban?
Wo toh terrorists the na kisaan kese ho gye ab
No farmer no food 
The only thing farmers are demanding is to take all of these three laws back.........
Those are note farmers they're Khalistani
Government don't care about farmers at all. 
People are still arguing that whether farmers did this or the middlemen. You guys simply dont understand that there are khalistani separatists using this Farmers protest as a cover to declare a symbolic victory on India.
The  Hindus do not know the power of farmers.
India won't stop until we make the current goverment take these bills back.
Hello Friends, Jai jawan jai kissan. Am in support of our farmers. Am telling few points and act i read. 
taliban is even ruled in india
Absolutely Shameful ..... All such culprits should be punished without any Lineancy.... Such kind of violence that too against Nation must be curbed as soon as possible or it may result in arising of khalistani movement again in Punjab....
Very correct I hope everyone understands this.The really farmer is doing farming at home.The one who are protesting are rented gunday.
Up election me ye bjp or rss haar chuki he
It is difficult to bring any reform or bill in India.
Check "Sahyadri Farms" formed in Nashik, Maharashtra, a farmer's collective for selling fruits and vegetables.
But I still don't get it. It finally boils down to which choice a farmer makes, right?
The one thing you are not mentioning in this argument is that the assumption of the bill that the private sector will be fair to the farmers. With the supposed monopoly of the APMC being gone their power to support the farmers will also be weakened.. Without a structured government support and stable rights for farmers (like a MSP even in corporate markets) there will be monopolisation again in the private sector. That is why farmers are protesting, because they don't trust the govt.!
I'm a son of farmer and whatever you told is 100% true
Sahe hua !! .. yeh toh pta na kaun hai ... Cause farmers never blocks the road nd creates problem ........
Tikait was  only a puppet in the name of farmers, why had he not made any movement when thousands of people committed  in Maharashtra during 2006 to 20011
This anchor of ABP could answer the questions of Mr Tikait about the BJP govt, but rather cleverly ignored them
Just thinking BJP or Taliban
THANK YOU TREVVER SIR YOU ARE DOING THE JOB WHAT INDIAN MEDIA SHOULD DO
This is so sad for farmers who are real poor... which idea propagates and influences everyone and which needed doesn't... farmers protesting are from the states which only represents a few percentage of all Indian farmers. These protesters are among the rich ones... what about the farmers who are committing suicides in present scenario of laws prevalent in India. Those farmers want changes. Doesnt it need to be changed. These laws which are being introduced are not new these are also used in USA. There are some flaws but it could be amended.
all laws looks good on power, not in implementation. tifthey are so good, why none of the prices getting down, gas, petrol, dal, transport, essential commodities , why all are givto 2 or 3 persons. all private players goes syndicate and screw common man. see vegetable market.,telecom etc.
Farmers are the real back bone of the economy.  It must remain open and free to everyone.
Your "analysis" (barely) is a perfect example of your biases. Out of the 7 minutes and 46 seconds, you have spent over 5 minutes talking about the troublemakers and how they should have followed rules, and less than 20 seconds on what the causality was. Sitting on a moral high horse and telling farmer leaders to maintain peace is easy, but if you have over a million followers listening to you, the least you can do is explain to them what could have caused this unrest and violence. Kya aapko sach mein "Farak padta hai"?
Why using teargas to farmers in a So called democratic country?
Ha ha ha proud of this country...I will be super happy when it goes down the drain. Come on people vote for Modi and BJP plssssssssss...let's make it lowest nation on earth
who says we dont have leaders ? Mr. Rakesh Tikait is one such leader, better than those presently in Government
Indirectly anna is supporting dalaris who are looking in punjab
For years, debts and bankruptcies have been driving farmers to high rates of suicide.
Sir very good episode but it is politics off course but  farmers should  get MSP guarantee
3) Govt should provide storage facilities to farmers with minimal charges (without loss). 
Simple and clear explanation of the bill. But u missed to mention that farmer can choose his buyer and no force or legal obligations to sell to private companies. If he still chooses to sell APC he gets MSP support or to company to get more than MSP price. He is a king if he manages better.
Election baad phir laayenge Bill
They were all khalistani no real farmers.. N sachi main farmer hote.. Abhi tak modi bye bye... Ho gaya hota.. 
This is too much harrassment of farmers
If captain+bjp alliance forms govt in Punjab ..it will the really victory for poor famers across India .
India is a very complex system where the middle class enjoy cheap food prices and farmers receive low prices for their crop as they currently are not allowed to store crop, pay high prices for inputs and don't have the ability to protect themselves with futures contracts. The current system in India is not sufficient to support all the small farmers in India (they lack the scale to produce, store and market their own products). A free market can only work, which these bills seek to do, if both buyers and sellers have equal bargaining power. Smaller farmers are not only lacking the skill but also the knowledge to effective participate in a free market. They free they will be crushed under low prices. The government should offer assistance and compensate for farmers harmed by these laws until the economy normalized. India need to grow beyond having millions of small farmers and the farmers need to accept their faith but I think the government did not do a good job in marketing these bills. Also, the people of Punjab are well off farmers compared to rest of India. If you look at the number of children being sent outside from Punjab to study in college, you would understand why punjabis are at the heart of the protest. They enjoy the highest income in the country from farming. Any threat to their lifestyle would bring about a reaction. Many of those protesting have on name brand clothes, Nike, Adidas, and drive Audis. These aren't the lowly farmers of Bihar.
Why only Punjab farmers protesting can anyone explain please?
These farmers are protesting against 3 controversial laws that were hushed through parliament in the pandemic, without consultation of the farmers. The laws are taking away the livelihood of the farmers in the name of 'reforms' by giving corporates authority to control agriculture. This will push the prices up of crop in the future which will be beyond the reach of the ordinary Indian. These farmers are feeding millions free of charge through Gurdwaras, Langars when disasters occur worldwide, or at protests as we see it on YouTube. A lot of protestors and freelance journalists are going missing. The police have arrested many by fabricating charges. It is being falsely reported that these protestors are terrorists. These farmers have sons in the army and police, guarding the dangerous indian borders, so these rich people can sleep at night. The present PM is Gujrati. Gujratis do not have soldiers that die for the country. Farmers are honest, hardworking, truthful people that have trusted the BJP government, but now realise that they have put the BJP as an elected dictatorship. BJP, since it's power have implemented anti Muslim laws, caused divisions on the ground of religion and is now portraying the Sikhs as an anti national element. The actions of the Gujrati PM, BJP are fiercely contested by the public to the extent that the government have used tear gas, batons, barbed wired and concrete barriers to silence the protest. This has got attention worldwide so now the government is trying to defend its actions. It is not rocket science to understand that when controversial laws are forced on the public, it will cause outrage.
Reporter said kisano ko gadi ne takkar mar di ya chda di us se naraz hoge, how are u taking this comment so casually? So sad to say this is media of our country !
Kissan ekta morcha zindabad 80% farmers population will rule our country in future jai mulnivasi.
What will you profit by winning the whole world at the loss of your soul. India Today stop licking out of the hands of Modi's, Yogis, Baba's n Thakurs. UP is not of their to continue with might is right rule. Stand for the truth at least once
Vote for BJP for freedom of life and terror free india Jai shri Ram
this law is already impliment in behar but  not benefits for formers so farmers of punjab take right step
Modi ji understand lord krishna and applied his teaching in his life
Yogi ji good job they're all farmers. Please mercy on this please save Life of citizens
Maybe action in PoK. Maybe UCC. If so it is a tactical retreat. Also Amarinder is certainly a factor. He could not have supported BJP without revoking the farm laws. But what is the end game. Time will tell. If there wasnt anything else then It would be a defeat for Modi.
 Farmers are the backbone of our country. Politicians are so short-sighted. No funny.
shows us how  difficult  it is to do reforms in india .                           Edit :  I can't believe it . I got so much support . Thank you for this  .  We need to do reforms in many sectors like agriculture , labour etc so that our country's economy can become 5  trillion dollars economy . Again thank you 
Actually in this law the problem is created not for the farmers. However the problem is created consumers and the brokers.. in this law there is many amendment must be done. Like storage limit and price in the market must be regulate by govt. otherwise the private sector will do monopoly and at the end consumer will suffer..
You all are saying that opposition politicizing farm laws. Why why decided to repeal it? Does that means even bjp is politicising it?
Jab phati.tab yaad aaya. This is the power of farmers. 
Farmers are the number one that uplift the nations full support should give to them.
 and rest of Indian country farmers  are happy that they can sell 
In the end the repeal of laws in the absence of most Indian states turning back the clock means nothing in real terms. 
Who is here after the three farm laws have been repealed. Kissan andolan zindabad!! , proud of our farmers!!
As usual MODI MEDIA and it's bootlickers are trying to present the protest in a different way by adding spices to it
Ann khate ho then support farmers 
I also welcome the move but BJP was never ever going to win in Punjab. They dont have a Voter base in Punjab. Out of the Total 117 assembly seats in Punjab, BJP only has 2 seats and will remain in single digit in 2022 Assemly elections.
This law is to satisfy the rich corporates because they found  out during Covid that agriculture is one thing which can provide positive growth even during a pandemic.....It is not mere speculation of farmers but far sightedness that our government seems to be loosing day by day
Thank you very much for showing the map of India correct. Part of Kashmir is  illegally occupied by Pakistan .
Modiji shouldnt have repeal the laws but  he had to for the security of the nation
Repealing of laws ....loss to today's farmer and agriculture system.....
My respect for Punjab/Haryana farmers and to Sikh community has multiplied...
Go farmers go!!!!!
Unresearched and baseless journalism. This is typical of Vice news of late, sad story. Any Indian citizen will tell you these are politicians not farmers. Thanks for wasting my time.
Wahegure Ji give Strength to all farmer's. It's gure land keep alive from Evile Rullers 
*Rich farmers* in India have issues not the poor or middle class.
Just house alone is ; what about food  , how do you expect farmers to produce at the cost of 1964 ; cost have gone up in everything ; you need to raise the price of food  that farmers can leave comfortably and give education and good health .
Modi gifted Redfort to corporate dalmias.... jaikisan
stand with farmers
Shame on farmers who did not understand the importance of these laws.
Actual farmers are now worried.
I support all the farmer's demands except no.4
One thing is sure if they repeal the laws then they can blame everything bad in farming on these pressure groups.
new MODI GAME to win next election....
This is very wrong to always criticise capitalism...even any welfare state cannot run without it...ethical capital making is the need of time...and farmer's laws are one step ...
Modi and Shaw either do not understand or are deliberately helping the traders and the corporate owners by privatizing everything. In a corrupt environment, Punjipatees will become infinitely rich after eliminating the small professions/professionals the corruption, greed and fear in the system will help in exploiting the corporate employees and workers to no limits. They will use greed/fear, reward/punishment tactics in hiring/firing and controlling salaries of their employees. They will exploit the self desire for existence to the extent that a PHD scientist may be forced to work as a Clark and a janitor may be hired as his boss. People will destroy each other while fighting for their existence in order to make their monthly payments for medical, vehicle, home and retirement insurances, house tax, state tax, federal tax, house mortgage, vehicle payment and on top of that the fear of losing job, breaking marriage not being able to pay for their children education will remain every second they live a life of slavery. That is the future in a corrupt system where politicians will have to beg the corporate owners for their existence and the corporate owners will keep on doubling their wealth every year regardless of what happens. This is the extreme picture when corruption, fear and greed exists in the  society to extreme limits destroying the freedom and democracy of the country. Wake up Rashterwadio it is already too late drop your religious differences and save your childrens future. It's in your hands today and farmers are showing you by protesting and fighting for their future existence!!
Farmers :peaceful protest for 60+ days
Is these bills are good for farmers or not ?
##Farmers tum aage badho hum tumhare sath he
Fake farmers deserve to be knocked out. Well done officer
Sri Lanka government banned the use of chemical fertilizers and pesticides to adopt the organic farming. But, that didn't work well for them and put the nation in economic emergency. Will such experiment really double the production for India as suggested in the video?
Farmer's protest is the main reason for covid surge in India... At least they should have protested with protocol
Come on Taliban, India is so mighty.
Why there are no farmers from Maharashtra, Karnataka, bengal, chennai, Kerala etc etc etc etc only Punjab farmers having problems from new farm law............ why...
Rakesh Tikait chor hai
They hided  the farmers by saying agriculture is the backbone of Indiavery worst behaviour
PM can call an emergency Parliamentary session to revoke/remove this bill but fooling Farmers He establish himself as a drama king or a fenku Farmers dont trust him any more you will see will start another issue like hindu muslim or Pakistan then Kashmir issue to fade And finish Kisan Andolan
Aaraam ki aadat ab lag gayi hai. BMW's and B777's. It is dificult for a person of this age, without a family, to go back to his chaiwaala days. There is no love lost with the farmers. A wise birdie has whispered in his ear - Compromise and let the party continue-the Black suits-the Black cars- the foreign jaunts- the Country can look after itself !!!!!! The genetic design of these people does not change. They will bite again whenever they get a chance. It will be foolishness to trust them with our children s future again !!!!!!!!
No protection for farmers and general public
Too late after mowing down the farmers with your party men.
this was a great insight into Taliban's history. Thanks Ravishji. At least someone asks the right question with a will to know and enlighten. And thanks to Mr. Ray for sharing such stories in a such a short period.
essential commodity list is a magic list u know if pulses price goes to 151.. the govt will automatically get a red alert & hooter sound in PMO because every MP, from now will go to nearby mandi to check the price whether its 151 or 149 .. and as soon as it touches 151 the commodity will be added to that list and very next day you will find that the prices has fallen to 100 again...  mst kaam kiya h govt ne.
PM MODI SHOULD SPEAK ABOUT HIS ECONOMICAL FAILURED , THAT DRAG OUR INDIAN TOWARDS RAGS .
Its about time our farmers started fighting back 
First time it seems that our government is scared of rich farmer's false propaganda.. 
Fundamental problem for farmers is getting right price based on demand and supply or producers right to fix the price for his produce. No one is fixing legislation for this. Who wants different market access by farmers by passing authoritarian bill for access of different market???
Indian farmers will not going to be prosperous because of you fools!
Why all the Indian media against public. They just looking to excuse to sad bad to farmer
More like how India lost farm laws battle, because it was the need of the time.
Question. Don't you think and worry about the cartels the middle men form deciding purchase price and farmers are left with no option but sell as produce will spoil rot after sometime and the selling price plummets further down and middle men take in more money?
Killer of farmers... What is going there? Absolute jungle raj
Incorrect figures,no facts.. too many things in video are misguided,farm laws were meant for betterment of farmers which can not be explained here
Taliban also captured hero splendor gifted by india
This is what happens when you spoil your kids with too much freebees. Agriculture needs reforms, farmers need to look into cash crops and learn to be sustainable on their own with minimum government help.
I'm not against the farmer's protest, I'm against those violent protestors.
SDM did what seemed correct. CM is elected representative of people of Haryana. His security can not be compensated. If you don't like him challenge him in next election and bring the amendment. right!!
It is same that Govt & Godi media has no list of 700 Saheeds. If any body is died from your family ,what you feel Mr. GODI MEDIA?
18 months hault is proposed but has not come in force, farmers are not agreeing on that, does this mean the laws can still be implimented.
Lathicharge is the way to teach the unruly gundas in the name of farmers needs the lessons
I do farming. There is no profit in farming. That is why young generation does not choose farming. If existing laws are good why are the actual farmer still be poor? 
Tikait sir you ate really great and you deserve to be a leader of true farmers. I salute you. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan
Happy will be only congress and foreign funded left wing.Only thing worries is about poor uneducated farmers who works hard for there livelihood.In practically its impossible but Hope there's future Settles
Im full support of farmers
Apmc will be destroyed and jio mart will directly by from farmers.
one of the best videos on farm bill.....may this video be watched  by whole india  ,so that the three bills be passed...thank you vikas sir for educating india and creating  social awareness..
Police should take more violent action against farmers for insulting the tricolor
We Support Farmers 
The 2nd bill will give the farmers a chance to sell outside mandis but this doesn't necessarily mean that the govt. will try to get out of the agriculture business. You can definitely sell in mandis too. You will just have both the options. Which is a pretty good deal for the farmers.
If farmer has an additional option, even though it is good theoretically as per this video, what is the issue? What m I missing here?
Only Punjab farmers were protesting till now. Will rest of the country protest against this repeal now?? Anyways, congrats middlemen!!
These rich farmers from Pumjab only want to live on subsidies. They will not let any reforms happen in agriculture
In fact if the price goes up then farmers can again negotiate with buyer that he wish to sell as per market price and buyers has to oblige. 
Support Farmers 
I support Farmers,God Bless all
Thank you so much for your support to farmer...and I'm a student of economics n u help me very much to understand this.. thnk u guys
Salute Indian farmers 
How was it possible to manage such a huge movement of farmers and its reach to millions of people through every social media, newspaper?
They were also waving the INDIAN FLAG and singing the national anthem. Why isnt anybody showing that?! The Indian media is cutting and editing footage to serve their purpose.
Some how Taliban also get support of good number of afgani citizen becz at the end they all are fall in their Islamic agenda which they want to implement on Afghanistan .
In Bengal bjp conducting rally, there they don't have covid, covid is only for protestors
Why Modi took so long to repeal the 3 farmers law? What he is going to say for 600 farmers lost thier lives? We all know this is the result of Modi recent elections defeats but what people are going to do to Modi for 600 farmers lives? I never ever seen such a worst selfish anti people and Atrocious PM like Modi anywhere in the world. Modi building house for Rs 12,000 Crores, 9000 for his plane
Never give up its time to fight against Modi Government & we the people of India will always support farmers , Current govt is like termites slowly eating of the nation , now at this moment ever Modi ji voice is starting to irritating me #Justice for Farmers
Good move.  Let us all support it and be ready for a final standoff with the incompetent Modi government.
Modi ji  :- How can GDP of agriculture grow in india
Farmers back bone of our country
Congratulations to Opposition Do you have any other issues to raise ? BJP clubbed it and put in underground. Go to Home now safely....see BJP winning elections. Then that bill will come again.
This is how farmers are treated by the brockers.
Difference between a intellect and a politician is that latter has to answer people and win elections maybe Modi is wrong but AIM and all those right wing warriors should acknowledge that their existence because of BJP won 2014 and the next year and if Modi loose they are dead duck
Farmers are the law not bjp
Sorry dear farmers of Punjab and haryana
Thanks for telling truth. May god bless you. Love from punjab and haryana.
what do you mean by young farmers got distracted ?.
Congratulations mate...from the impoverished upbringing in the hood, you have come up to having first world problems. Couple of points you need to know about Mandis and Farmers
Kindly give your attention to this issue also as it is highly related to the life of farmers ,  jamindars and land owners .
I strongly condemn the passing of the three draconian anti-farmers laws by the Indian Govt. The passing of these laws were done unilaterally and aimed at facilitating profiteering by a handful of PM's blue-eyed Corporates at the cost of not only farmers but ultimately the entire Nation. The present Govt has sounded its death knell.
Which thing is more important life of a farmer or temple of a fictional character?
If Taliban brutality or injustice returns then history will repeat with Pakistan. They will be broken up again and this time the break up will be disastrous for the region.
Sarm karo India ke police officer or government jo kisan apko anaj uga ke dete he un pe hi war same on u
Farmers Revolution Jindabad.
Modi Ji is a real yogi
Bravo...Good job sir keep going nd ignore modi bhaktsss ....no one really cares wt is happening they r just trying to put down farmers....
Narendra Modi has already embarked upon diverting Punjab water to other states. He wants to hit Sikhs harder than Indra Gandhi. 
Shame on all of us that v don't stand by our farmer's and by our soldiers
6.  The funding for protest is happening by charging 500 rupees per farmer.
Sometimes i feel how shitty and sold out our indian media has become, but channels like these, reporters like these, honest to people, honest to the nation change my perception. An amazing, amazing job done.
Aam Aadmi party work very hard .he Fully support kisan .
Bro, APMC Act was scrapped off from Bihar 14 years ago. Today Biharis go to Punjab and Haryana to work as laborers. Is there a reason behind it? I am actually generally asking the query as an ignorant person in the field. Also, to be honest I am a little skeptical about your approach. Although, you had mentioned that if anyone holds a biased mindset this video is not for them, I however most often find your approach quite biased in some direction. I am not really blaming you or anything. Just as a normal viewer of your content who has expectations from it. It is because of this expectation that you would show ground reality rather than what actually benefits someone in particular, when it is not met, it gets disappointed. But, then again I am pretty sure, you guys are quite popular and would consider this comment really not very effective or useful in any way. Still, it was just a little sad onto how the justification is done only for one side and not trying to find what the govt. is imposing or how or why as the govt. says, farmers or in fact anyone who opposes an amendment in this country today is considered a misguided person or an anti-nationalist rather than a citizen belonging to a democratic country giving his or her opinion. Thank You
Atleast now have a 2 way conversation Modi Ji. Dont be scared, we are with you.
Aur waisebhi farmers to khalistaani hain..
Modi samjne ki cheez hai .Modi was trying to help innocent farmers but they are influenced in wrong crooks
Farmers has strong immune system , no need of mask,no need of sanitizer , no need of distancing and no need of vaccines. Please update how many people's died after taking vaccines in India?
Now Village milk farmers connected to amul are market getting fixed price and living better life than past. 
Modi like : Let UP and Punjab election finish, we will bring it back like increasing petrol price 
Kuch  log  farmers  ke roop  me aise  bhi  log  he joh  delhi  dange  karwate  he  police  force  ko marte  he  ye  videos  kaha  pe  he  ......we stand  with  farmers  but  farmers  protest  me  joh  gunde  shamil  ho  rahe  he  unko  bhi  benkab  karna  jaroori  he
Brilliant Ravish ji. Like always! Everyone watches you, listens to your prime time. Your stories are different. Everyone can relate with them. This is the India we are proud of. Jai Jawan,Jai Kisaan. Brilliant Ravish ji!
But Godi media got new masala of Aryaan khan they will be busy for next 3 months and lakhimpur incident is not important
Red Salute Arfa Khanum Ji for support to not only Kisan but for food security of Nation
Even though these taken back as it was ruled by ISI and Khalistan agents and small farmers will be in loss. They never understood and exploited by opposition for their purpose. Within few months small farmers will relized their mistakes.
APMC Should be the key players between Farmers and Private Corporates
Rakesh tikat is big headache for BJP
A better delivery of the problem statement than most Indian media outlets. Thanks for the video Vox.
Wonder why only farmers are protesting!!!
These is power of new India youth  jay jawan Jay Kisan
Major part of educated delhites are wise enough to understand the problem of the farmers
Please refer contract farming bill chapter 2 point 5b
I'm not an expert but for sure I know one thing this will only demean the original motives of farmers..
Farmer is god 
My prayers to all the Public of Afghanistan,  the day will surely come when taliban will take over Pakistan, then let's see what Mr.khan would do!!!
There were many attempts by centre throughout the October to invite the gov & farmer's delegates of Punjab to resolve the issue yet everytime the offers were rejected. The contemptuous opposition & psedo-liberals didn't left a single opportunity of scaremongering that the Bills will revoke MSP as it's not been mentioned in bill. Firstly, the bills have nothing to do with MSP so why it is ought to be mentioned in it. Secondly MSP never had legal backing which is claimed by opposition; they are lying and kudos to those who are believing them! Furthermore centre is reiterating that MSP will be continued as it is. The bill is just providing an alternate way to farmers to trade other than in Mandies. Please don't mislead people for your vested interests or merely because your ideology doesn't align with someone else's.
Love and prayers for all farmers of India!
Very true...  all farmer leaders should be arrestedvas soon as possible...  they have lost all the sympathy.. they wr actually not farmers.... 
Why farmers required weapons
Guys don't think my beloved PM narendra modi is weak...either he has planned something better than this or else he has some other better plan 2 teach Congress a lesson...we want modi government in 2024 election
Also you need to clear who is going to pay the tax to gov. As far as i know they are not farmers who paid the tax.
most of the farmers in the protest dont even know about these rules... they dont know what is the reason they are fighting for and am not understanding why are are they protesting if govt. is giving solution of every problem....
Ok modi  is hater of this country so teel me where is cm of Punjab y not he is in Delhi..... ?y he is in Punjab
This is winning of farmers and opposition
One bill was coming for farmer now it will not come because of this andolon
If we are not choosing BJP coz of price hike and unemplyemnt then why we should choose non BJP Government in terms of price hike and unemplyemnt if non BJP ruled State is Doing more worst than BJP ruled State
It must be remarked as greatest achievement..not only IN  but all farmers all around the world..it was not easy and not everyone understood..Congratulations  Indian Farmers.
The demonstrators are demanding that Mr. Modi repeal recent farming laws that would minimize the governments role in agriculture and open more space for private investors. 
Jisne order diya iska khanna band kar do aur kheti karwao tab pata chalega the dismal condition of farmers in our country who are 58% of the Indian population
If farmers are happy then whole country is happy
Kuch to sahi kiya hai, it will take sometimes to improve government koi aladin ka chirag nahi. Central Govt ko state Govt ko freedom Dena chhiye  ke vo chahe to apply kare or na chahe to na apply kare. Panjab and Haryana me  govt Mandi hai, to vaha ka state government na apply kare form bill. Madhya Pradesh me govt Mandi nahi hai, food kaphi waste, vaha pe form law apply hona chahiye. Mai kud kishan parivar se hu, panjab or Hariyana me na apply ho chalega, but MP me apply hona chiye. Kyoki yaha pe govt Mandi bahut kam.
Abani setup celloplants for storage  under every 30 to 40 kilometer in punjab. Imodi government create only concpracy against farmer.
Over 7000 registered farmer organizations and only 400 protesting....Assuming that the protesting "farmers" are correct and the laws are really "Kaale kanun" then farmers in other 6000+ organizations are fools?
I come from an india where Arnab is not a journalist, but a leading comedian. 
Kerala and all the Humens all over India stands with Kisan 
Farmer protests have a lot of support internationally . Its their right to protest in democracy against laws they disapprove of . The government is inconsiderate to women and childrens suffering it is doing injustice to minority communities and should be removed.
Out PM is saying that bill has been discussed properly in parliament and kisaan which is totally wrong
Farmers hai to food hai.....we all r with farmers
No farmers No food ..
shame real farmer singh never does this georg sor hand in after us capito hw cld others  watchin it khalis in it watdng on
America also did the same by these kind of laws and the small farmers cannot go to other states or even other district to sell their produce that is why the mandi system needs to be stronger
Its didn't feel Narendra Modi did this to benefit farmers. The borders of Indian capital Delhi was literally a war zone when the farmers travelled there.
Tikait defeated Modi hurrre....
It's MSP calculated by A2 method capped at 10% of MSP, for both farmers and buyers, with the below provision
Many people and farmers believe new farm laws provide incentive to private sector to get involve in farm sector. They can directly buy from farmer and hold inventor. People have fear that big corporate will exploit farmers as they always think for profit.  New farm laws not mentioned anywhere that it remove MSP but people believe that MSP and Govt Mandi will eventually dissolve in future due to competition from private sector. This will give monopoly to private sector in farm sector.
Pls think about salary class too. They are paying only taxes. Farmers nahin poor farmers ke liye karo..Audi lekar kisaani karne wale bhi bahut hai....pls do something for it.
For votes P.M, C.M and everybody will go to farmers but when there is blunder by these Politicians then farmers are blocked to reach the capital!
Congratulations  Taliban wish you all the best we love you  Pakistan zindabad 
When we cut our crops and go to market to sale our crops we got 1400inr per quintal some time we got 1100inr rate  . that's not fair . MRP is 1920inr they buy on half rate sometimes.that is matter of MSP = Minimum support price.
Driver should have killed by the farmers no matter what the consequences
The police had been patient for almost a year.  The goon farmers got what they richly deserved, better late than never.
2020 to till how many farmers kill in this duration nov .2021 .
Now time to arrest Rakesh Tikait dalal..Big traitor of our nation..
They are the Indian Taliban.
Their concerns were 100% valid. Once you remove price guarantees, industrial farms can undercut everyone at a loss in order to drive them out of business before returning to whatever rates they want. That results in less farmers, less choice for consumers, and ultimately higher prices. That's not an "emotional response" that's economics 101 - the Walmart model. You only have to look at Australian cattle farming to see this in action.
These Bill in any way are not the way to tell farmers to diversify their crops.
If farmers get their dues it directly cuts the high profit by middlemen. I'd this govt. really thinking about farmer and bring market under control?
Some times we cannot convince the immature sections of the farmers.
Ye sb wahi h jo delhi bordar pr the ..inka motiv sirf election tk bjp ko uljha kr rkhna h or free k pese to mil hi rhe h inko ..wrna mehnat krne wala itna niththla to nhi hota h ki hay hay krne beth jao
Congress- we won't support the farm bill nor support its repealing,we just want to shout and make chaos because we want  media coverage. 
Elections in Up/ Punjab etc prompted Modi ji to scrap the farm laws.
We are proud of you Sir Rakesh Tikat
And about damage to public property. Please share your thoughts when police dig a wide pit on a national highway to block the farmers and now they are pitting nails on the road.
DK you say Print supported bills and then your every video and articles calls them Controversial.
Why nobody asks what is wrong with the laws, just becoz farmers are protesting doesn't make them right. Most of our youth are just influenced by social media instead of reading the laws themselves.
Modi & BJP Face is Revealed
Support to farmers 
3. Farmers still get to choose 
As long as Modi & Amit is enjoying french mushrooms and organic potatoes.. All is well in India.. Whatever India is going through nowadays all because of blind and deaf Bhakhts..
Bhale hi protest karne wale farmers nhi violent mod tha.. but Jo huaa galt huaa..also sirf one side story nhi karna chaye.. 
Law acche the pr ye India h yaha har law ka durupayog hota h aur hota rhega. In laws m kai loopholes the jiska loss gareeb farmers ko uthana pdta isliye farmers protest kr rhe the agr india corruption free hota to ye laws bahot effective hote pr on grounds ka haal sbko pta h.
farmers from each  & every state of this country should join the protests and give solidarity for preserving their rights  ...jai Kisan 
Police given permits to this Rally, then why police attacked the farmers, it is shame.
I may not be a genius like u Abijith jii but as a common man sitting here watching all the nonsense happening in the country I could say It is not for Congress but for AAP to destroy from Punjab. U please check this thing. Regarding the inputs u have given about Kalaisthanis taking over Britain or Canada u may not have got any response from the BJP government but u can be damn sure that they would have considered all ur inputs and will be acting according I say this to you because I personally have an experience in that. And ofcourse I do agree with you BJP is not doing a lots of things and they either keeping on delaying or waiting or even passing by at times without even considering
My dear friend I am thankful for your efforts taken for food minimum priceI would like to  give suggestions to agriculturist that in the farm they should do two things in addition One is plantings  tree's of fruits which had no maintenance and requires lower water or they are growing in that' weather conditions and gives reasonable fruits. According to me even you plant one  of lime it gives comfertable earnings in appropriate season andthat is in summer Most of the fruits has demand in the summer One more is you should Keep cow or buffalo for milk You can take it for your family rest you can selling  and there isnomuch required for maintaining if I am not wrong Please think on those points deeply widely
Congratulations. Low standard Mia Khalifa and Greta thunberg won. Modi government is weak. We need yogi in power.
Modi has lost to the farmers. Period 
Wow indian mohdi government is so horrible to these punjabis.... khalistan zindabad
WHAT HE DIDN'T EXPLAIN IS THE REAL SCENARIO WHERE LOTS OF FARMERS THROWS OR SELL AT VERY LOW PRICES  AS THEY DON'T GET BUYERS AS THERE IS LIMIT ON HOARDING 
Spending tax money on this kind of (former) protesters is fully wast. He showing arrogance on media, if someone support his indicated parties, people has to suffer same  kind of arrogance from leader.
The Modi government should accept the demands of the farmers.
Good. Well explained. Please do such program addressing the farmers and beneficiaries.
10:09 marker bjp ki haar ko haank raha tha, andar se, Bharat se India se nahin? Sir I am really confused by this. Can you pls explain what you were saying? How can it be andar se, Bharat se India se nahin? Arent all three the same?
Rakesh Tikait & Yogendra Yadav are political wolves using innocent farmer's.
Samdish Brother very very thanks for visiting Farmers protest GBU 
He talks of the recall of farm bills and starts a rant all over the place about ethics cheat deceit and his own strong opinion and convictionof what his right His best lines 
These opposition parties are doing there job. Only related to degrade BJP. Unfortunately India won't accept every reform.
How Can Congress Condem The events... Congress Made Farm laws with BJP in Meetings. Congress is no innocent... Congress is in Cohoots with BJP in all this Farm Laws Mess...
Without farmers there is no kingdom if farmers leaves farming can't imagine even single day
My mind started hurting when gov agreed upon all of their requirements, some of which were nonsensical, but farmers said that they don't want nee farmers laws at all.
Whenever these Siddhu, Priyanka, Rakesh T and Akhilesh people are seen, it is surely their  agenda and election drama !
Not ten thousand there are Around 5 million farmers
He has Afghan roots, Taliban teachings..yet married a Jew, lead a fashionable life and using PM role to manifest his true ideologies...He needs to worry about Pakistan if Taliban willingly takes it from Pak Army, PTI
Ofcourse no reasons to continue protest now. But I'm sure the so-called farmers won't move still as Tikait is excusing now.
Rich farmers ' struggle is for preserving their vested interests
Private players provide machinery and tools, fertilisers and equipments that help farmers in return they get business and customers. 
You Cannot stop The Farmers. They will Reach Delhi by Tomorrow morning.
Farm law makes farmers much empowered
One of the reason why the bill was introduced is to remove the middle men . Well , Govt is coming up with unique ID for farmers with proper e-KYF ( know your farmer) . They will introduce most part of the farm bill like this only . Slowly and steadily
You missed out the most important fact... Farmers are not actually against bills.... They are saying just assure us MSP in writing in bill....on which govt is giving verbal assurances which is not acceptable to them....farmers are more intelligent than all economists put together...
We support Farmers
Modi ji 's framer bill is a death to the poor farmers. Return gift to private companies for their genorous donation . Like demonization gst now farm bill all are too take away money from middle class and lower middle class and give to private companies , relief of dues n wat now. This govn is slowly replaceing public by private.
Khalistani farmers want to benefit arthiyas (middlemen ) of apmc market
Why BJP came with this law....they didn't want to be defamed, that was for Farmer's so that Gov. complete their target in 2022 by improving Farmer's income so BJP can win in 24. Short strategic mistake or politics by opposition ruins this law
Farmers are more important then Modi
This bill actually destroyers for farmers and as well for bjp, in just couple of days modi's popularity has gone seriously down,
The nations money is not unlimited and is a scarce resource which can be better spent on alternate avenues rather than subsidizing the sector which was least affected by covid. When you rejoice on the victory of few kisaan netas, you are indirectly telling me that I should pay taxes and not have a say on where my money goes because you sir, are rejoicing on the fact that my elected representative decided otherwise but his vote didnt matter in the end.
Support farmers support Punjab
no terrorist can touch our TIRANGA , they are not at all farmers , JAI HIND , JAI HIND
I am wondering, where is Akshay Kumar? Earning from punjabi movies but not supporting Punjab and Indian farmers. 
after all keep on blaming polive who were outnumbered,and support these khalistani and oppsition ppl who act as if they r farmers..and u say police should have not let them enter red for but if police shot the farmers ,what would have been the situation
Modi should bring Emergency and arrest all the farmers for anti national activities.. Shoot at site for vandalism...... We don't need these types of unruly kisan...Jai Jawan.
first time watching channel its really awosome,the way of delivering is wow,easy and sophisticated thanks we should talk about farmers
Hope farmers don't meet the same fate.
Government of India should also give compensate the families of 700 farmers who sacrify their lives during farmer agitation
These are not farmers ... Neither the educated peoples are whom are supporting these kind of activities... 
Note : Don't think I'm against Kisan. I'm in the support of *REAL FARMERS* .
And today 19th of November 2021, the Central Government of India repeals all three anti-farmer Farm Laws! Huge day for India!
APMC is useless in Maha and south. Only North farmers profit off of APMC . These reforms will help Maha and South Farmers
This is the time when we should support farmers
Thank you so much Dehliites for standing up with Farmers. Lots of love and blessings to you all.
4:55 that's the benefit of contract farming rate is fixed no matter if price falls company have to buy on that price
An excellent analysis and commentary by Shekhar ji. It makes this farmers issue so simple to understand.
Modi knew even if the farmers protest goes on will not impact elections and were confident enough to win. But when BJP realized Muslims and Sikhs are uniting against them this unity would surely end BJP rule. i'll never believe a single word what modi says. If he is repelling 3 laws, he is planning to hit back with something new.
Indian farmer should case against modi in SC
Seeing this I remember the nuclear power deal where dr.manmohan singh ji was ready to collapse his own goverment for betterment of bharat and at the same time bjp coming over politics supported the former gov. 
Essential commodity Act isiliye jaruri hai kyonki jo edible oils aur pulses jo roj ke jarurt hai unpar government influence hona jaruri hai. Nahi to is diwali pe edible oils ke prices kitane the vo to aapko pata hi hai. More than DOUBLE
What about Kisans from rest of India who supported this farm laws? Bowed down to few states from North India. If there was no courage to implement....should have been repealed before....why after so much suffering of common people. This also should be questioned.
I m a farmer from up zila Gonda, bill is good,  support bjp
Bjp is afraid of losing UP election
Why farmers from all states not against these bills
If democracy ko bachana then farmers ki support kro sab
Always with farmers 
Who is doing politics in the name of 3 points Farmer rights agitation? When every things have sorted out in Supreme Court then isn't this protest led by farmers of Punjab & Haryana politically motivated, baseless and unlawful? 
its not the  protest by real farmers ..its a protest by rich landlords of two states
5000 tractors clause was added on 25 th Jan late night you should check your fact and police barricaded the decided routes close to the karnal by pass that's where everyone was tricked by Delhi police to enter delhi why did police barricaded the decided routes ?? That's the question you should be asking and if pm modi can influence millions of Indian why can't a actor who is deeply rooted with bjp influence thousands of people?? And the number of people who were in the rally was more than 2 million on all the 5 borders 
India gorv pls listen to farmer voice..Dnt chock them
I m  from gujarat....   mene rice seeds kharida rs300/kg..... and aaj jub me rice bech raha hu to mujhe 180 to 200 rs/20kg  mil raha he.... to uske liye farmers kaa support karna chahiye
I can't thankyou enough, thanks for reporting on the ground and connecting all the people with farmers and their emotions 
We can comment and criticise sitting on na fence  making and taking decisions  in the interest of nation is different, that is what Modi is doing  you have to step back when things seems to be going out of hand even lord krishna left battle field and Shivaji maharaj  had surrendered 55 forts to Mughals to buy time and eventually both lord krishna and  Shivaji prevailed. Political decision should not be emotional one. It was time to weaken  khalistanis running amok and give strength to Amarinder  singh . Sikhs contribute huge manpower to our army and china breathing down the neck we cannot have chamois and demoralised Sikh community ..Wait for out come dont jump gun. People in responsible position are not stupid..
Over simplified argument ! They way I understand Modi did something which had to be done but in a manner BJP get most political benefit.
When with such huge single party majority in Loksabha and Rajyavardhan BJP and popular leader like Modi can't do any necessary reforms like land reforms, agricultural reforms etc we must say BJP is a week, coward, completely failure party for actual development of India.It seems out of 29 indian states only Punjab, Hariyana etc 2/3 states and few sikh and jath farm brokers are ruling the India.. India seems a lost/useless country,there is no hope for better future in India ...
Still I see this news took side of farmers in news paper
5) Agriculture Land sale/purchase regulations should be made stronger to protect farmers rights.
This is not about Farmers but Middle men.For Opposition this is not about farmers but oppurtunity to make noise and Disrupt. Botb common man and Farmers have to put up with difficulties on top of covid.Will this gain Opposition politically? Thats what they day dream.
Only these farmers were demanding these laws since 70  years
Hats off to the farmers braving bitter cold weather, Modi's bigotry and Indian media 
I support the farmers 1,000%, you guys keep fighting never give up until you get what you want you have a right to what you want and you have a right to be treated and paid fairly farm work is back breaking hard work everyday 24 hours a day so I just want everyone to know that I support the farmers and the USA support the farmers
I sincerely urge you oe your assistants to watch John Oliver's program on Chicken farming in US. So we know the farmer versus the might of corporates like Tyson Foods. 
Now all the andha bhakt got official position " sarkari Taliban"
Hey... you are an awesome inspiration.  I study you immensely.  I get to know things about India almost at first hand.  This is grand.  I hope one day I can live in India, at least after I retire, and I want to talk with the matters concerning India with some background knowledge.  You have informed me so well.   My blessings and support.
Kudos to farmers of our country !
It's an open invitation for tehreek i Taliban. They too need to break the chains of mental slavery in Pakistan.
Only channel supporting farmers, I cannot understand why bjp cannot see farmers not wanting the bill and see them protesting, are the fucking blind that they even cannot see the people for whom they are making the bill protesting so much. So much anger i hv the the bjp right now that i could write whole day but i know nothing will happen , this is new India ( where nothing happens for good )
The police should understand that the farmers are figting to give them food. It's for their food that that have come onto the streets. How grateful should we all be. Not only Punjab every indian state should come out to support these great souldiers. Can someone please tell me how to send some money to these farmers. I'm willing to share what ever I can. God bless them.
The food eaten by those policemen wouldn't be there if these farmers didn't exist. Farmers are not only the backbone of our country, but they are the one who produce the food on our plates....
When we all say we dont want  this bill what is your problem modi you eat roti not gober
Who said that they are not farmers  u can't hire 3 lakh people with one lakh tractor so use your common sense and come out of this modi bhakhti
We lost old narendra modi . His spine has broken. At the end of the day votebank politics win . I still support farm laws. Farmers aren't only in Punjab & Haryana. Farmers from rest of the country also deserve to be wealthy.
BJP shame on you killing farmers...
The problems are faced by both farmers and the nation collectively but the implementation of these laws will not have the effect they intend to have. For example the hoarding law removal will prevent mismanagement of stock but it will also cause, well, hoarding and then there is no provision against that. So excluding such crops from essential commodities just to gain that one law is not the answer. A more thorough inspection is needed of these laws but the government's stubbornness doesn't help.
wow... i salute the courage of the farmers
Taliban to India: Thank you for the parting gift. We are enrolling our pilots for their next flying course with Mil Moscow Helicopter.
Modi is a failed Prime Minister. His policies have brought India to this situation.
Very nice sir..but it  would be more helpful   if you would have thown light on why farmers are protesting..the root causes....and what governments are taking steps to tackle this issue.
For  whom central government should introduce this law ???  After 6 months now withdraws the law.  For whom ???? Is it for poor farmers???
Now I am just praying for farmers for their safety.
NHM employees are working on contract basis Modi ji plz make a bill for them
Media: farm law is repealed by Modi, a masterstroke from Modi 
Thx to u all team  of Indian express who bring this news on national platform rest other media channels are fail to do their duty as being fourth pillar of democracy to make the farmer aware about these laws
We r with farmers
Shame !! Real shame!! Now Punjab Haryana politics reign supreme. Was there simply no way to keep these laws yet placating those "aggrieved" !! So finally the mandi mafia was able to trump any meaningful efforts to bring change in a farmer's miserable life!! Tragic indeed. Dont know when we will grow up!!
If Farmers continue to disrupt the Economy it would result is lesser taxes for the Govt. Then how would Farmers get their Freebies and Subsidies .
Punjab State heart of India should never give up always fight for the right for India God bless
Just a question, without / before the farm bills, were the farmers owning a Mercedes?
Answer: The commission agents (intermediaries) and the State Govt and its corrupt officials.   And  who will gain..........135 crore consumers of India.   And there is no direct impact on farmers but in future they will gain because of several mandis and buyers. And direct procurement from farmers may end up giving more money to farmers for their produce. BUT THEY WHY FARMERS ARE PROTESTING????   Answer is they are being lured into protest. 
What about poor kisan how kill by car of bjp
Hopefully, all the states except Punjab,  will bring in the same farm bills which are supported by 80% of the rest of the Indian 'real farmers' . Reassess the MSP for Rice and Wheat food grains which are over supplied and affecting water supply. Modi should come clean for the real reason for repealing the farm laws to regain people's trust  and the people have a right to know.
Today is the historical day for all farmers.
Now actual kisan will come & do protest bcz they will loose benefits from new farm laws
i support the farmers.
That's a very good song related to farmers. 
I stand with farmers of my Nation
So sad to see our farmers suffering  nerver before India  was like this it's too much arrogant on the farmer
Instead of naming names who killed farmers who killed bjp workers let us all wait for judiciary to give their verdict. 
2.Beacuse of private sectors, APMC will gradually close down and farmers will have to depend entirely on the private sector.
Excellent analysis shekhar ji, whatever you have told his right. Govt agencies especially fci has monopolised the farm products. I am here talking about paddy, wheat, since I know about this. I am from bihar, during paddy harvest season farmers first tried to sell their products through govt procurement agencies. These agencies when contacted by farmers first come and inspect the grains and as per their specifications if moisture is there they either reject or reduce the price of paddy. So, farmers almost
We are farmers not a terrirst
No Farmers -  NO FOOD ....sounds easy to me
Keep support farmers protest
Very good analyses. As per the new law onion export have to be allowed. The best the Govt can do is to pay the export price to farmers.
This is not just mistake of government. Mistake of farmers is that they don't learn new methods and market and just want everything from government and don't want to user their own brain to learn new things in farming, most of them are uneducated and never learn anything. On the other side government mistake is that they didn't asked for opinions of farmers and pass this bill on their own. No Government can help farmers other than education whether it is modi govt. or any other upcoming govt. this is same. DON"T BLAME GOVT OF EVERYTHING. I see attitude of Punjab is so much relying on govt.
1) MSP (minimum support price) is guaranteed so there is nothing that farmers will get less that the minimum price
How many farmers modi killed? He just ordered to apply water force on farmers
Looks like what Indian government is doing is good for country's food security e.g: several corporations will purchase/regulate/and store food which will help prevent famines and control prices and inflation.
None of these politicians are for the nation or farmers... all of them are well aware of it but......
Shame to Govt treating farmers with so much cruelty. Jai Jawan Jai Kissan, salute to farmers.
Why need a discussion when the govt.decided to repeal the farm Bill's. There is no meaning for discussion. The useless opposition have always problem when passing any Bill's and repealing the Bill's.. They will understand any thing, better to suspend the troublesome MPs for the remaining session. Why the speaker is wasting the lok sabha and rajya sabha time and people taxes, there should not be  any mercy for the bloody opposition party members.. The kissan voluntarily died thro the instigation of opposition members and the govt.is no way responsible. There is a.limit for any thing..They are beating the empty drums. Opp.Mps are worst than animals. Suspension of Mps is a must now.
Not only u explained farm bills u also taught about business stratergies..
I am requesting to all farmers plz. Plz. Read these three ordinances of farm bill. This farm bill will benefit the farmers. plz don't believe on political or farmers leaders rumors. Farm bill is providing you choices and Read it and then react. Specially punjab people plz read and don't take this protest on your ego.
I am from Bengal and i support farmers .
Khattar, Yogi Adityanath,AmitShah  and PM Modi  need to be taught a lesson and their EGO should be deflated somehow. .
Dont give up Indian farmers!
Thank you For the Detail Video. Before This My view was 99% In the favour of farmer. But after Listing to this 3hrs video My Lookout has changed. Now is 80% Government And 20% farmer  Respectly. Thank Sir 
We want another episode on this #Farmer_Protest
Let Anna say what is wrong on Modijis Farm Law
Indian support  northern alliance fight against taleban ..jay Hindi.
As being a farmer and sikh i think u are talking right , i am with u and for sure i think like me many farmers are  agreed with your statement . 
How they teach us how they will say about humanity and where is humanity now shame shame shame on Modi it's Govt. And BJP
Way to go .Lets anger the farmers.
Bol raha rich farmers the Punjab k. Isko bolo sirf yeh explain krde azadi kaise thi farmers ko...as son of farmer, yeh bills and protest k chalte ek baat to Indian politics ki samaj aa gyi, wo yeh hai k ground level ki sachai totally different ae jo aise log or politicians and media bolta hai...
If anyone thinks Farmers protest been success he will be the No.1 fool. It's purely political gimmick. Upcoming elections  and their recent failures have paved way for the withdrawal. Success we yield when the fascism bites the dust in the UP and Punjab elections .
Zee news hamesha bjp ka support me in khara h
They are going to learn hardway , prices are up and farmers are getting nothing. And middle men take the pie..
The problem of farmers is that they can not store their output. It is very difficult to do sorting, cleaning, packaging etc, transport to other markets where they can get more price. 
4)why media not showing the truth about your governance (as if they have been controlled by bjp)
Farmers are still protesting  peacefully . Government and some people tried to fail protest on 26 jan
The opposition along with fringe elements were planning something huge in the name of farmer's protest..Now the 3 laws are repealed..
With Farmers
i tolly agree with this video.... but resons behind why farmers are protesting (in my opinion) is this that a particular farmer in haryana and punjab mostly grows wheat and rice ( mainly small farmers)....  and when they have to sell their products they will get less prices and when they have to buy other products like pulses,  grams,  patotes etc.  .... they have to pay more... ( as said in the video prises will get increased)  and 
They never did farming nor worked in farm. But earns more money than actual farmer.
Farmer laws were all good ,,I think government should not taken them back they made a mistake
Hats off to the farmers.
Proud of our indian farmer
Everyone opposed the farmer's law, but what I noticed is young people are hesitating to oppose on mic, where as senior people's voice is clear, loud without hesitation. When we and our generation learn to oppose straight forward.
Press waleo tusi farmers da produce kitta food khanne o so sonu support krni chahidi ha
Good going. Support farmers. One day everything will be better bcoz God is watching. It's a very long protest ever in the Universe seen. Kisan union zindabad 
From this video I dont find any violent protest. Though I have no full coverage or information of this protest. However from what I see on the video it shows that peaceful protesters been stopped by police and when not stopped they have beaten up brutally.. If this is the case then I condemn the action.. If the situation was different than what it show then I would not comment... But one thing what I understand is that conducting peaceful protest is our right and no one in this country can stop us from doing that.. N one more point I want to highlight that if tomorrow farmers stop farming and stop production then humko ghar pe sab ugake khana padega.. This is a message for andhbhakts.. Think before blindly supporting some one or and ideology..
2.Waha Rich self harvesting and eating wale log bohot zada hain,but India me 99% rich people Kisan pe hi dependent hain,kheti krna toh sapne me v nhi soch skta...
It is NOT about farmers..it is about survival of local logistics jobs - cleaning grain.. transportation, storage, distribution...  flour making, roti making factories...
Good work . Shame on the media of india
Ar ye to india Pakistan ka border ha 26jan can ve avoided btw
Same laws these farmers are opposing have kept us back for decades..
As always, the neoliberal right look for solutions benefitting the few and making life miserable for the majority. The neo-liberal policy espoused by Mr. Gupta is an imperialist project to hand over valuable farmland to corporate power. His analysis is shallow with no historical basis in the fact (the neoliberal policy in the rest of the world is seen for what it is - a failure and in India the only progressive force that understands power are the farmer. The following article rightly points out the forces and impetus behind this neoliberal project: 
Shame on indian government and media
The MSP should be a government standard for the purchase of all crops and factor in the cost to produce said crop +10% for the farmer as profit.
Wow, kya farmers hai..... It can be clearly seen mob attacking police personnel on duty. They are not farmers,they are goons.
This discussion must be took placed prior to passing bill if BJP acted behalf of farmer's welfare.this is ambani and adani tricks.why petrol price in india always raising each and every seconds?not reducing while international market price drop.it is in Government hand or private hand??
Rakesh Tiket khud hi Daket hain cheap publicity ke liye kuch bhi bolta 
M with farmer as this is their guinine demand and right ...
farmers agreement on price assurance and farm services act.... isme hording ko promote kiya jaa rha hai..... companies manipulate karengi kissaan ko... msp naa hone pe kisaan aadhe paune daam pe bech dega kyuki perfect competition hai
These people are not farmers.... Indian farmers can't be so violent.... In the name of farmer protest big conspiracy is at work...
sdm is given the powers in the farm bill to resolve the dispute between farmers and big corporates... now you can see yourself in whose interest will these gulaams act
Give compensation to farmers who r martyred
Let d benefit of capitalism reach our villages n agriculture sector.. socialist n communist way of operating d economy has done no favour to farmer til date..
Sir davinder Sharma  raised rs 1,10,000 crores in 10 years despite intense security of govt  we know who is with farmers and who is against how he raised this kind of money explain
After watching this video only I have known about MSP even though iam a graduate ... Think about farmers and their knowledge...., Thank you
See how the private sea ports are being used for smuggling, viz Mundra port of Gujarat and no discussions in godi media.
Farm laws Should not have been repealed and there should have been force full eviction of protesters .
Farmer sows the seed. Bible is the seed God jesus sowed n satisfied our soul. C " Bible' in google!'..
I withdrew the support to these so-called farmers the day they breached the sanctity of Red Fort.
Police action is justified. The farmers tries to hold the whole society to ransom.
Waah good from now on in india commit any crime say that you are farmer, they wont arrest you even though if they arrest contact tikait offer him a good amount he will come with his protest gang and will make you get released without even going to court,from now i guess this trend will continue and even rakesh tikait will. Make it as a business as he is earning good amount
 mr tikait knows everything about Taliban , but as I heard from some politicians and intellectual that Taliban is freedom fighter group , they are good 
Disband FCI. India doesn't need wheat and rice so much. Already Punjabi farmers are producing these items excessively due to MSP, depleting water level, crop burning causing air pollution.
Farmers are our only hope for  survive , please save farmers  from 
I m sure this will sure effect pakistan soon . Now I m not worried for pakistan people but as an indian I am worried for my country . Pakistan people should abolished this government before doing any non-sense further or ready to live in hell
What a land mark,historic revolution but also the most peaceful ever,only hope that the farmers dont loose their patience as the present govt is hell bent that the farmers do loose their cool and do something violent and the blame shift on the farmers thats the reason the farmer unions time and again request the farmers to be peaceful
Waoooooooo. little farmer Hero. Mind blowing...JAI jagannath swami bless you.
Maybe there are a few issues with the laws, but you can't outright ask to withdraw the laws that can potentially help millions of other farmers in the country. Punjab/Haryana farmers have already been benefitting for many years... you need to let others also prosper.. A federal govt has to look after the benefits of farmers in the entire country, not just one region... Think logically.. not emotionally..!
Am big fan of Sachin but am withdrawing my support he is common man for everyone,I kindly requesting sachin not to come to Tamil Nadu. His image is totally gone down.i hate his statements ? Why he is supporting BJP government? What pressure he is now? We Tamil people will support farmers..
There is NOTHING in the bill that will make things bad for farmers.
It is shame, some politicians are playing on the lives of farmers, for their own ego
This will gurantee farmers in written legislation on MSP. People like Adani and Ambani etc can't buy below MSP and exploit the Farmers. Simple.
Okay, I am also angry of what modi announced but we don't have an option right now, other than BJP. It's time Yogi ji and hemant Biswa Ji comes up with a new party, so that BJP stops taking Hindus for granted.
The new farm laws will not only affect the farmers but also us, the citizens who rely on the farm products directly or indirectly. Changes to uplift the agriculture and farmers lifestyle is definitely required. But it must also involve understanding their issues at the ground level and working on the solutions around it. A small inconvenience in our life to uplift our farmers lives is the least we could take.
Within ten days you will see that game is going in Afghanistan military favour a big game will come soon.and the big victim will be Pakistan for sending Taliban troops in Afghanistan
I want to join in that farmers protest but not possible as come to there ... So I am  raising   , protesting , creating awareness  here at visakhapatnam with a community called A.I.D.S.O ...!
Anyhow really nice episode, but there are many more flaws in these bills and the farmer organisations have pointed those out very clearly.
Love you our sikh brothers from azad kashmir.india's big problem is Modi.he is uneducated and tea seller he font know ho to do government.ksi educated ko PM bnawo jo india ma toilet bnai, sab community ko equality de,gareebon ki help kry.
Those who  aren't suport farmers are  fools
In his video he suggested to Farmers to stop cropping for 2 years to get bill back without explaining bill.
Wo 10 % farmers n sahi nhi kiya...... And I appreciate left 90 %
Why Modi addressed  the nation to repeal the Farm Laws, a job could have been done by his Agriculture ministry. Again, Modi looking at any publicity.
We support Kishan Majdoor Andolan.
They should make an environment of dismay among the farmers of other states and specially western up.
Which tractors are permitted why others tractor intered in the rally
If PM is so concerned on farmers. Why can't he include MSP in the law, instead of just giving some written approvals.
Are these so called "farmers" are stop protesting?
Shame shame, Rahul Kanwal is Modis favourite canine pet! Down with the Godi media speaking through their sphincters all the while and delivering farts through the evening!
Don't underestimate the podrmawer of real farmers... Whn they rise no one stands tall then them. 
since all farmers r happy now and happy with current Mandi/system  I request all government not to write off loan or give loan waiver ! Clearly they r super happy with current system ! and its my tax hard money which is lost due to loan waiver
Farmers are likely to God please give them their rights 
Dont just watch it and go.. Like and share this video Or it will be utter disgraceful  of you to our farmers.
But the main responsibility for the fall of Kabul lies with Afghanistan only. In two decades, Afghanistan has received billions of dollars in economic and military aid and support from the world. India and other countries have invested billions of dollars in nation building. The USA trained and equipped Afghanistan's military and provided billions of dollars in aid. But there was a lack of political will and civic will to defend itself against extremist groups. Political leaders gave up against 70-80K Taliban fighters, 300000 military surrendered and civilians opted to flee or hide instead of protesting and fighting for their rights and future.When there is no factor within the country, there is no will power, then its downfall is inevitable. Because when you don't decide to fight yourself no one will stand for you. 
Great farmers
However brother there's a little criticism that I would like to offer, the map of India shown in this video was inaccurate and showed various parts of Kashmir as a part of Pakistan which by international recognition and treaties are a part of India. that is kind of offending to me as an Indian. hoping you will make amends in your coming videos and mention this. Wishing you all the very best. 
Farmers??? 
To ye five farmers representative hain kya sab farmers..... Jo happy hai side main dance kar rahe hai unse to baat karo
Respect to these brave farmers from Pakistan 
Heartily appreciation for all those who supported Kisan ekta Morcha. 
1:40 plz see the symbol of flag on the tractor the sign is of left parties not of farmer's union
THE, WONDERFUL, MANANIY, PRIME, MINISTER, SHRI, NARENDRA, MODI, JI,
Feels like farmers are not yet ready to make farming like an industry. If I get good price elsewhere why I may not like to sell there? Well it is related to quality of product. If quality is bit bad, I can sell in mandi, MSP is already there as was before, if good I may sell elsewhere in high price. Protest is highly motivated by politics and middlemen.
Bjp has fears to farmers.... Bjp is crony capitalist party not for farmers, poor, middle class's
is there any law for innocent farmers who were assaulted by police officers  ,please address that too
Agriculture products are so cheep in India , we should start paying more  to support farming sector . In comparation europe , USA and Australia pays almost 1000%- 3000% for same vegies  and grains .
The word ' middleman ' is Being criminalized throughout decade. Every educated nuts like us and also our policymakers Don't know what crucial role a middleman plays in supply chain and how deeply and logically farmers are dependent on them. They are not just money grabbers what most of us think. The price gap of a product between Farm gate and retail price is not just middleman's profit. Most of it is the cost of providing services and wastage of produce throughout the process because of inefficient supply chain.
Brave Farmers! Listen to them, they bring you food !
apmc will loose the monopoly of trade and its location but it will also stop the monoplocy of FCI specially in punjab and haryana and one more thing farmer can easily take himself out from the contract anytime without any penalty
Im not indian and I was trying to get informed on this situation and Im qurious because I  don't understand how wide spread  the protest are ,obviously there are a lot of problems in the bill that need tweaking but it doesn't seem like it is that bad it seams like an overall good thing for the farmers
Bjp throw sand, barbed wires (international border type), iron barricades, smoke tear bombs but farmer will not stop we will stand for Righteous. You can fire bullets on us MODI but we will teach u lesson.
2. MSP - selling to govt at MSP and then govt gives grains to poor people, now the major issue is how many times have we heard grains rot in storehouses (which the govt has a limit) due horrible bureaucracy in India, the major issue with MSP is only 6% of farmers get. Only 6% and poor don't even get any benefit.
Shame on farmer leader and shame on Khalistanis..
(NOW U TURN OF GODI MEDIA)
Kudos to farmers for their Grit and determination despite all the hurdles.. They have showed us the way to fight against autocracy. It is time to wipe out bjp from India. Jai Kisan 
Those who support someone like you than think why india is developing. 
On the contrary, my reading is that the situation is going in Govt. and nations favor. Farmers in many parts of south India are positive of the farm laws. I do not know how you are coming to your conclusions.
The farm laws were the best for small and medium farmers and  Modi had to. repeal the for the elections. Hope for the sake of real farmers he will reintroduce
Indian brave police confused that terorist come in name of farmers
Outsource computer teacher ki ye halat ki 14 salo ke bad be government contract me bhi nahi hai  He Respected PM Modi Ji HP me outsource ki nokari Vale parivaro ke bare me sochte huye turant prabho se 10 sal govt.dep. me Seva dene valo ko regular karne ki kripa Kare aap Aad Yogi hai aor sab much karne ki sakti rakhte hai please hamare uper ho rahe atiyachar ka ant kijiye ham taumar Apke abhari rhege apko koti koti Naman.
You are True!! You explained it so nicely that now I am clear of Pros and Cons.. Very Well Done Job on Explaining the Farm Bill.. Thanks for the Info.
Where can u see farmers pelting stones?????
There was a thought that created Pakistan. What had happened in Muzaffarnagar is unacceptable. Never support such force under political clutter. Supporting Kidnapping and murder was secularism. Victim punished under name of secularism.
"Farmers of Haryana and Punjab don't know how to do business."
As a farmer of madhyapradesh I would like to inform you that. 
#SupportFarmersProtest
God save our country , but due respect to the farmers of our country wear mask and protest atleast , anyways who can blame them ...what is Modi doing ??? At a stage where people are dying due to oxygen shortage , virus and no proper bed or medical treatment ....it's really a very very scary time ....god save our people and country ...
Just one question..if you were a farmer would you be happy with the bill?
India wants good relations with taliban
Tones of thanks Amit!  At last my request is accepted!  I suppose, thats is why the farmers of north are protesting!  Isn't it? Hats off to you, for very clearly explaining about MSP, 
Police shot one of the farmer on his head 
this is a greatest milestone for modi baba for showing negligency on farmers protest
Soon Punjab become one of worst state for farmers .
The most important element in a news is truth,supported by right facts,which generally 99% of news channels are lacking today.I feel more mentally safer and truly awared of happenings in the country on watching his videos than news channels.
These people can't be farmers at all. Need strict action against these traitors 
Okay so , mistake of U.S.A is that , if U.S.A expends that trillions of money on Afghan people uplifment then many people start supporting America and there will be no Taliban.  Nice analysis.
If we had done this once in India in the 60s with Rice and Wheat, why not this time with other produce and then gradually bring in the farm laws.
A Big Salute for Farmers Unity.
What they need is to scrap the farmer law right, lets have that and also one mew law that no farmer loan waivers anymore ...
Congratulations Rakesh Tikaitji. You have raised a very right point . PM & CM is for the country / State and not for the party. Hope the anchor have understood this. 
no GMO  SUPPORT FARMERS land back
Support to my punjabi Mates from New Zealand. Much love.
You have absolutely no idea about the intricacies of the protest,who are involved in them and what they want. Even after being called for discussion the only thing the protesters are demanding is completely repealing the laws, without citing reasons,even when the laws fundamentally provides all the benefits previously available to farmers and a scope to sell their produce outside 'mandis'
This tikket and his jahil team will never stop the agitation... Their sponsorers don't want to stop... The richest farmers of India is doing this protest... If these jahil tikket do not leave our court must intervene
Farmers ki income Double hone wali hai 2022 M. Mughe modi ji per pura believe hai.
Jai jawaan jai kisaan . Always with the Sikhs , no matter what. Bring this modi-shah tyranny down 
I am just saying one thing, if the farmers, stop farming  then what will your family eat ? 
This is not real picture, in farmers protest had many gunde, andh bhkt, violence maker, rules breakers, who spread violence in Delhi, or  logo Ko yh lgra h ki farmers violence kr rhe h 
Proud moment for Pakistan to help reinstat a terrorist organisation to the helm of a nation.
Central government should think about farmers(kissan), not about Mukesh ambani or adani(business class).
Finally BJP doing some good work! Thanks BJP for listening to the plight of farmers.
Prime Minister Sir, bhains ke age been bajae,bhains baithe paguray . The farmer leaders are not returning immediately. They will wait until the bills are repealed in the winter session of Parliament and utilise the waiting period to work out the next mischief
I am belonging to haryana. I know the situation of farmers in my village.
we farmers in maharashtra support this andolan n gathering in mumbai very shortly and march towards delhi initialy with 1000 tractors.abt one lac farmers will participate.
Nepali Sugarcane-Farmers and likely others around the boarder have been victimizing both from Nepali and Indian Industrialists.
Excellent analysis. This channel is such a relief from the cacophony of what is purportedly Indian TV News. We get in-depth analysis based on facts here rather than a shouting match between opinionated personalities on TV. Such sane journalism is a cornerstone of any civilized society and needs our enthusiastic support. I just made my financial contribution and urge others to do so as well. (I am not associated in anyway with this channel.)
It's a big shame that a government is much more concerned and supporting the privatization of the whole agriculture system without thinking or listening the farmers. We Bangladeshi people are in the support of Indian farmers because they are the Real Heros of any country.
The country has failed to show any spine, the withdrawal of the Farm Laws is a slap on Modi's face. He has lost the stature which had been so painstakingly created.
Shame on media showing that it is a matrer of only Punjab and Haryana
Government surprised that how they got tractor because government fixed crops price which just for their livelihoods...Answer is that 5 million punjabis living  abroad and they support their families.. which family haven't any member outside of india 
This is very good encouragement for farmers growing pulses and oilseeds. It will help farmers shift from paddy & wheat to alternate crops.
I am with Indian farmer
Jai Jawan Jai Kisan , Farmers succeeded . Those calling farmers anti nationals should be ashamed , modi took  black  laws back bz they were for corporates . Congrats to Punjab n Haryana for their valor
Farmers are very important in building of this Nation. Their voices should be heard by this evil government. Thanks Quint for reporting the real National lssues.
Wrong explanation. Fact is now big corporates can buy directly from Farmers and anyone with PAN can be a trader. So more options for farmers to sell. Problem is APMC can be completely skipped impacting their profit and corruption by middle men will be low.
So this is all about farmers not wanting the government subsidies to disappear and the privatization of land? Unless there is a need for these crops to justify the subsidies, perhaps not so many Indians should be in farming at this point.
Summary of some destructive points in farmer bills watch between 1:25:50 to 1:29:35:
In support farmer
My family were farmers back in their home country. So my love for farmers go through my respect for them and that my blood family was also farmers. 
2) - Farmers (empowerment and protection) agreement on price assistance and farm services act -
He is the Worst PM in history of Indian politics. Why did he bring the law and why did he repealing it. I will not vote this party ever.
Ma'am I wouldn't say wether this bill is bad or not.. But if this bill fails & farmers suffer in the future our mainstream media will never discuss it as they are praising & discussing now
Shakher ji, why not govt start procurement of foods like pulses, groundnut and other eatables oils. This will help to reduce the exports govt has to do and solve farmers concerns as well. This will help in diversification of farming, stop over dependence on weat/rice and this can be done using same old structure only.
Prof.Gulati says Prof.Modiji could'nt convince farmers of the reforns!Its difficult to believe because Prof.Modiji ,it appears ,had written  and publised a book" exam warriors '  " for  students appearing for exams on how to  control stress and examination fear!
Farmer were pelting stones with back towards car?? Every farmer should go to olympics
Btw farming needs reforms but what has to be guaranteed must be inserted or deleted n not entire repeal!
People Protesting the world are with the Indian People protestors!!!!  You must protect your farms , keep your livlihood and feed the people ...And you all should read Vandana Shiva's book "Oneness VS the 1%"
This decision is because BJP will lose elections in 5 states .BJP'S arrogance will not win them elections. Many farmers were striking day and night  many bitten by police,Farmers killed by BJP MP son in UP no action. But now this decision is too late.What about the pain and sufferings of Farmers. Jai kisan
Well if youre willing to buy food from big fancy grocery stores instead of redis.. then go ahead support the bills and pay for the prices theyll set. 
These laws were good for farmers of most states. Only Punjab, Hariyana and parts of UP forced the government to repeal good laws. Bihar and WB farmers made more money by selling vegetables.
With this law monopoly will increase.... actually it looks good by reading and it can exploit the farmer and environment by business mans....
No one touched Indian flag.... zee news kuch bhi bol thi
Now they can't leverage farmer protest.  
This decision will set a negative example , By this decision some insurgent groups try to make pressure on Indian Govt. To repeal any Law weather is it CAA, article 370, or any type of law its sad , i am not expecting this from Prime Minister Modi Ji
Kishan bill right
Good explanation. However, the MOST important issue to consider before any of the issues mentioned in this video, and the one which is often missed, is that as per the constitution, agriculture is a State government matter and only states can make new laws or amend existing laws  the union government has no right to interfere in this matter. This forms the foremost reason why farmers are demanding repealing these laws as it is a blatant violation of constitutional powers of the states. Rest of the issues follow. @ScoopWhoop Unscripted , please add this to your next videos.
This video was very useful,tysm now all my doubts and clear...and I proudly say that i support farmers#istandwithfarmers#farmers
If govt really wants to improve the condition of farmers then why not it increase the price of msp and make it a legal right
BJP knows they will not come in power again, so they are building their bank accounts by increasing petrol and cylinder price 
Farmers, Modi's repeals are no use as your status quo is not changed well. Learn from Naxalite to guard your rights.
Punjabi farmers should protest against the government, world governments nowadays are getting so corrupt and making stupid decisions.
MSP be followed not only by Govt APMP but  also by all other mandies and private purchase business people , prices should be more than MSP , but not less than MSP . And many farmers have to pay huge money for transport   depending on distance from his agricultural land to market place . Govt need to look into these matters if Govt wants to  really help  farmers .
Bill is good for farmers.
Neither when government paste 3 black laws of farming nor when rollback government sideline farmers in other words de dignified farmers 
Farm bill should not be with drawn...Lot of benefits to Farmer...Yes broker, AAM Aadmi Party, CPI & NDTV will be affected....
thanks so much sir you show each side of this agitation thank to you from all farmers happy to see you stand with truth once again
Support farmer.its bjp media
I don't know why all this reporting hasn't mentioned the horrendous number of suicides as it is due to Govt induced bad farming practices in Punjab that led to enormous poverty as it is...
This 3 law was so muh good for small and medium farmers but this rich broker have played well
This is for Punjab election?? Shame on BJP and Modi sarkar.
Farmer's sons are on the borders and they had never told that they haven't slept for 2 DAYS
New fact for all of you guys ,,, even imf said before that's this farm laws is good for Indian farmers  but again politics won
The inventor of the word  "godi media "  now became very popular words. 
Will India send army to fight with the Taliban?
Stand with Farmers
4.57 that day we say that news going on Zee news and was literally a head ache how they were defaming farmers and after that too it was continued and now it's just vanished from media. No news on these issues but all the other stuff is shown.... So sad to see 
Up or punjab me election aa rhe h tabi ye sb ho rha h ..well der aye durust aye ..jai jawan jai kisan 
Farmers are real heroes. They will show what power is.
One truth was said by the cop (afsar) from a farmer's parivar.  Explains the village mentality that city cops have about women, young couples and night life in general.
main thing is that farmers are not ready to hear at all.....so gov also should not introduce any reform for these fools....there is clearly written in bill no land of farmers will be taken....and if farmers do not agree with corporates to sell there produce then do not sell and anyway i think in open market without trade farmer can sell at a better price....and its not that farmers are not getting MSP ...they are getting more msp as compared to 2014.....so i think we must support farm bills...
I realize one thing these farmers are more educated than me
Congratulations, & best wishes to all the Farmers 
c)  All the yield will become earning of farmer with the apex body being custodian of all yields of all farmers from all lands. Farmer can hold part of full yield for his or her home consumption with refund of input cost availed from apex body with interests if any. 
No Farmers No Food
Support indian farmers
I Feel that All School Students, All IIT Students, All AIIMS Students, All Engineering Students, All Agriculture Engineering Students, All IAS OFFICERS, ALL NRI'S and All Military officers and Soldiers must tell their stand on Farmers BILL and must explain why they took that stand.
We are farmers thankful to all who are spreading genuine news
Really it's great job to show the fact. Abb iss sarkar se koi umeed nahin hai, kyonki ye corporates ki sarkar hai. 2024 mai BJP ko ukhad faiko. Jai jawan Jai kisan.
This is most Unbiased video regarding Farm bills
Why there army didn't have guts to fight ??they supporting Taliban?? Seems so 
So called farmers lost the public trust   
Anyways Farm Law is good for country, it is only bad for Rich Landlord farmers and polluters who just grow Rice for greedily for Money  polluting Soil, water and climatic region of Punjab Haryana
I am farmer,,, farmer's son  proud of myself
1) Since red fort incident, entire India is behind Govt, for farm laws. 
Dear farmers ...don't give up !!!!...cuz we Indians never give up !!!!! 
People power, weve all got it , well done to those farmers
It is now clear that India is not only Punjab, Haryana and Western UP and Jat and Jat Sikh are not India
Public stands with farmers
I love all my brothers farmer you will be always on top
So I would request with farmers protesters to be watchful from Kejriwal. Jai jawan jai kisan. Our heartiest salutations to all farmers of the country.
when congress supports the bills regarding the amethi farmers its ok but when bjp does it  we protest
Happy to see the SC taking the right step. Now they should just ask these fake farmers to go back home and read the law properly, their is nothing wrong in the law. The real Farmers are working and are happy.
I Am feeling so sad for the small farmers who work day and night and will now get nothing 
Home to home candidate can not covered his constituency up to 2% how can BJP leader can visited home to home. They are going in urban area one or 2 street. There is no vote for BJP. It is shown BJP is going to defeated. Your channel is not exist vote and people not believe on your channel and called godi media channel
I'm so sad due to this laws being removed these laws were actually good laws will help farmers 
A big salute to the ruling party & to our beloved PM Mr. Modiji. y isn't he even released any statement yet.waiting to see more such incidents?
In my opinion there are no issues with first 2 acts of this law but the third act of contract farming could be be fruitful and game changing if implemented with some  protection like minimum purchase price.
Like to know was not farmers allowed to sale its crop outside the apmc market if found a good deal before this bill?
Farmer feeds the country 
Wow after how many farmer died , they called khalistani , minister son run over a car on farmer , Same he did on Notebandi , only election matter for him .
Nice attempt to explain things, dont think things are so easy as you feel.   As you said loopholes exist right.  You cant have a thing with loopholes applied on the farming sector which already sees a large number of suicides. The bill should no doubt be taken back and a new bill should be drafted with the kisaan unions on the table.   It is a matter of food.   No one says lets be a farmer ..... why??. As there isnt any incentive for a farmer to remain in his profession. All points simply cannot be analysed by us. Very immature i feel.
Abp modi ke chamcheeee .....worst media of india...
1) 90% indian farmers don't use social media..... 
Thanks NDTV for covering d protests of Farmers! 
Sir what are your thoughts on Shri Navjot Singh Sidhu sir calling Pakistan PM his big brother? Not from religious stand point. But looking for your video having your feedback from National security point of view (since Punjab is a border sharing state). Should Congress clear their stand, roadmap/agenda on relations with Pakistan?
Will this opposition parties take responsibility for Farmers suicides
After one year of torture for thousands of innocent farmers and many of them have been suffering from BP, Sugar, Hypertension, Heart problems and 750+ death of farmers.
We will not let our farmers down. Bharat me khushhaali tabhi aayegi jab sahi mayno me humare desh ke Kisan khush honge..Think twice ... Life without food.. Agriculture agar corporate ko denge logo ka jeena muskil ho jayega. Let's unite and show the power of common man. We the people of India are big power.
Condemning 26 violence (farmer police included) shame godi media!!
Excellent explanation and good clarification, Dr. Manish. The bill sounds very much in favor of the farmers of every scale. However, I would like to know more about the contract farming. Is it some kind of a secured loan contract? How is the responsibility of the contract deal is shared between the company and the farmer(s)? My concern is if the produce get damaged for some reason, say flood, pest attack, less or too much rainfall, etc. and it ends up into a loss, how does the contract affect the farmers? I am not a farmer but just want to know the situation for my personal learning. Thank you.
Bro, you don't know what really happened there, firstly it was preplanned. Police stoped them to go on root which was given to them, then some groups tried to go on ring road . There was lathi charge, asu gas and many more then they replied to them. Many farmers don't know where they were going they were just following each other and they deep sidhu who was main culprit in it plays his game. When people who reached red fort get to know about it they tried to catch him and beat him but he ran away.  A farmers was shoot after than his tractor disbalanced and then they started to get violent. At palwal border, farmers were beaten very badly around 10:00AM when they just started there parade one tractor also catch fire , many were injured but nobody cares. Around 1500+ farmers were injured. 
I'm from kashmir and whenever we kashmiri people's were in any trouble, our sikh brother's always stood by us, long live sikh brother's long live farmer's and standing ovation to samdish baya 
Chal Jhoote... (said in Akshay Kumar style). Had you been really so touchy and sensitive about the farmers issues, you would have never allowed so many farmers to die. So this emotions you are expressing are so shallow and hollow. And yes, your govt. never allowed the debate as it should have been in the parliament. You rushed through the same. Had you been really worried about their welfare you would have controlled the loose canons of your party cadre from insulting them,
BJP is motivated by the election, by-election etc;not by the protest of the farmers and the entire country.
these are not farmers, they are khalistani and middlemen funded by opposition.
Is the government against farmers..what a shamelessly central government..we will teach. corporate administration.
But if u think ur gonna double hundreds of millions of farmers income thru farming alone.....ur sorely mistaken.....not unless u start expanding the economy like China and creating millions of low value manufacturing jobs and create jobs for hundreds of millions of Indian farmers.
Lackas  of farmer protest 
it happpens onley in india rajsabha  just kick them  out people must understand to whom gives vote not this gund cong n app  onley modiji he is  going make ur good future  rahul n his mum they dont belong to india they ar  out sider from london
China 1st focused and developed farming and now developed a lot compared to India.
@ThePrint , Sir I am a Farmer's son in Hubli, Karnataka. My father grows Maize, soyabean and safflower. We don't get MSP for anything. Can't government buy soyabean, safflower at MSP in Karnataka ? If it can, why is it not buying ?
Mr Tikait needs to go to Afghanistan to really experience the Taliban ! He'll then realise how lucky he is to live in this country !
Repeal of Farm laws is with an eye on U.P and Punjab Elections. A poor  decision by the BJP govt.
No ethics..... Support for farmer's.... without them we are nothing..........shame on Modi government.......This is what "Achhe din aane waale hain'???????? Godi media....
We support from Haryana .
Jo bolre hai act repealed nhi hote modi government ne 58 act repealed kre h , Saurabh ji thoda fact ko btaya kriye logo ko
Sir , after watching this video i am commenting with heavy heart that , govt should not have taken out the 3 farm bill. 
Yes, farmers and labor unity zindabad. Indian administration has to listen to public demands.
C T Ravi  spreading wrong information, and city corporation 2021 Gulbarga election time Gulbarga Dalita people saying C T ravi from local media next coming days Buddha Bihar not safe
The corporates will give very good rates to farmers and consumers initially.
Fan fact " aap kis media se ho.? Oh. Zee news .....  Aage ka line tho aap log sun he liye honge
This bill actually helps farmers. This example should serve western folks well in understanding why reform is so difficult in developing countries. Politics takes over reason & logic constantly (exploiting the surface level humanitarian narrative) - only the undiscerning western viewer will be swayed by the simplistic good-bad narrative. The old system is why u have Sikhs picking tomatoes in Italy. Reform is hard on some vested interests and they will cry bloody murder no matter what. For countries like India to improve,  which is a Kafkaesque socialist nightmare, reform is an absolute must.
Duplicate farmers. 
Police should take serious action on these corruption landlord fake farmers.
I very very feel It killed so many farmers,
Goverment is more responsible for the incident because if the government decides that no one should enter at a particular place then it is nearly impossible to go against them ... Despite having CRPF and NSG in Delhi how can the farmers do this .. the army is also present in the Delhi by the way 
2. Undivided Indian Punjab (with Himachal)
If Indian gov takes covid 19 seriously than should hold talks immediately
Big salute to the farmers.
Too much now stop cheating farmers
Why this Chanel giving him Publicity,   they are Anti National please avoid these people, it is not News report News  those true Farmers who are carrying on work and support Government. 
That's what happens when some don't want to make farmers bill pass for their political agenda  and playing politics they don't want to development of India 
That Farmer Aka khalisthani was Dead Bcz He clashed his tractor with Barricade
Minimum support price has often been lower than what it should be and mostly results in loss for the farmers. 
Game of kings (SA &UAE) and we were serving them ( India &Pakistan) for some commercial interest
I think the government is taking a capitalistic approach which at the end, we have to take anyways. India has to grow and become self sufficient and for that, every Indian should become self-dependent so that the government does not have to waste the hard earned tax money and rather utilize on the development of the country. Although, I am not a very big fan of BJP's economic adventures, but I can really say that this bill is extremely visionary. It will get better over time. Great job!
Price assurance = minimum support prices which has been in place for decades; this is price assured by govt and there are laws to ensure MSP; rice example - when farmer takes rice to mandi its qualitatively analyzed and price is paid then & there; there is no going back and claiming quality issues; being from farming family I do happen to know this
When Govt is escaping it's social responsibilities don't want to procure the crops / want to stop all farm subsidies then only farmers are demanding their crops price definition because corporates are very big player's there's no match between them and buyer's , Moreover there will be a new order comes into effect that is purchaser is changing hand's from govt to Corporates
Modi ji saara drama next election ka h. Likn hm kuch nhi bhoolne wale a.we are farmers. We remember what you did in past with farmers
Very bad that farmers done in our country. Country first all other next
ego of PM is down ,that is the strength of our farmers
This is ridiculous, Modi did demonetization just few days before UP elections in 2017.
This proved these laws were wrongly drafted and wrongly implemented and forced on to Farmers. It is big win for farmers.
Boycott 'Patanjali' products completely from today. These products are offered by Ramdev Yadav. SUPPORT FARMERS.
I watched patiently 5:00 min for him to explain the reasons and still he has not explained it.  Lets get this straight Punjabi/Haryanvi farmers are the biggest beneficiaries of MSP. Its a previlige and maybe due to policital reasons. How come we dont see other farmers from different up in arms ? Secondly, the ecommonic commodities act is anachronistic law from 1960s and 1970s. It does not allow anyone to stock on certain essential items. Removing this law will allow entites like wholesale dealers to stock up and help in price fluctuations like in onions and potatoes. There is nothing wrong with this from an economic efficiency point of view.  As Rumi said...this too shall pass.
BJP, desh Drohi Nathuram Ka party. Bhagode ko Jamanat dena Party. Besharm aurJhoota Party. BJP hatao desh bachao. Kishan demand jai ho. BJP / RSS down.....down.   Jai Hind Jai Bharatmata, Jai  Shreeram
Farmers are the breadwinner of humanity. I would never be against our indian farmers.  This tells too much commeralisatiin is death of civilization.   One need to improvise and not nullify the old system.  My wholehearted support to the farmers 
I wish these journalists would ask leaders of ruling party this way ! Godi media jokers 
Show that which farmers died
Justice for farmers.
We support farmers 
1. 2.5 % of the sale price is the commission for the middlemen. Buys onions for Rs 5 and sells for Rs 80. How is this 2.5% to middleman turned to 7% to farmers ??
This channel is not showing real video in which bjp ministers son was running away after roadrays to farmers
My family r farmers back home in Cambodia. Indian farmers we support u my friends and keep your head up.
But some people and media narration is defaming farmer protest continuously .
Arnab comes up with such baseless debates to twist the story as if it's a win for bjp. If they have any dignity, they would just accept the fact that they stood against farmers fighting for justice. Similarly they glorified Wankhede who is looking shady day by day. Are there still journalists in  republic?
All media beku  just ndtv sporting farmers thanks  now Congress said thats black bills for kisan why showing deta
Nuksan BJP ka nahee...gareeb kisano ka hua hai....desh ka hua hai...tax payer ka hua hai. Benefit of repeal is only for congress and communists and leftists.
Stand with farmers of India
Hitler modi indian democracy feel insecure
These comments art e not against farmers but the mindset
Btw by the fresh Intels , these laws were taken off due to national security reasons not for votes and election I mean india is country with so many states with thousands of political parties so everyday is election somewhere.
Omg - its about time... im not indian nor a farmer... modi has done some good things for his nation but this farmer law was ridiculous... I think india needs a new leader and direction.
the farmers who cant even afford the transportation cost to nearby mandi....how can they afford to go and sell anywhere outside their town or state???
Aunty Indian Modi
I don't know whether to laugh or cry. This video was made in September and even now in February our Union Minister for agriculture and Hon'ble Prime Minister still stand in the Rajya Sabha and says, "I do not get why these farmers are protesting?"
I request farmers to go into bengal for election and show protest against bjp
I support the agitation of former of India because former is back bone of the country
We support Farmer's agitation
Excellent content.   Just wondering isn't there an alternative in the way this policy can be redone, or whether this can be done state wise so that the state can decide what they want...states like punjab can opt out,....or even better can the success of this policy be showcased in one or more bjp run states and then rolled on to other states? it is sad that the entire country is held on ransom by a subset of people.    it is so simplistic to believe capitalists will just come and exploit the farmers and govt will keep looking other way?  doesn't the bjp want to come back to power? they do, so they will keep doing course correction to fix the loop wholes and bring to a good shape, even to the extent, of repealing it if required when the time comes. The diversity of india is also a bane and is not letting it progress in many ways.
They had to do this BJPs graph after Punjab & Haryana in UP was declining, plus recent loss in Lok Sabha seats in HP
Blinded eyes are now see farmer easily  its called farmer protest
That's too farmers...
is farm bill against protesting farmers or tool to uplift really suffered and small farmers
Dear samdish , I have been watching your journalism which is quite impressing that how real journalism is still alive , great representation of freedom of speech you supporting . I am much much thankful to you grateful to you and I owe you a great tribute for your fearless , courageous  real and unbiased journalism. My only request to you is that ki kbhie zindagi mei zee tv ya AajTak wagera trh bikna mtt  I have been watching your all videos , all off the records videos nd other contents you have been doing great job , may God bless you. You are nailing in this job. Best of luck. You super good and nice person...I wish to meet you someday  lots of love from this delhite  all the best 
Requesting to vice pls keep reporting farmers protest ... history making here ... peacefully protest
Election Manifesto pay to 2017 mai v bohut sera wada kiya gaya tha BJP or say kitna full feel hua hai???????
Dhruv, i respect ur facts and reasons, but farmers, only saying that we want laws to be taken back, not colaborating in mediation was a bad thing!
If you claim farmers understand everything than If MSP is assured and all existing system is allowed to run parallel then there should not be any problem which you did not cover knowingly , it's politics.
Beautifully captured....totally emotional...jai jawan jai kisan....NoFarmersNoFood.
Arbaaz bhai BJP has to take votes, he has to take support of Hindu religion and later when the same Hindus ask for their rights, then they are given the title of traitor
the first commitment for a government is its citizen including farmers  - farmers will get good price in domestic markets
Based on your analasys,  these 3 laws are not beneficial to farmers,  you suggest few guidelines to make farmers laws. 
@AbhiandNiyu  One factual error- "Farmers are not allowed to sell their produce outside their state" where the fact remains, that, "Traders" or the "Middlemen" cannot sell it outside their own state. But your video was easy to understand and not biased
As a bjp supporter I stand with the farmers. Hang the culprits 
- why do you think farmers are still sitting in cold when over 100 people have died from cold?
Support to the farmers 
Our PM is working for the corporate not for the common people and for farmers..
Rakesh tikait is international image at present . Congratulations to you sir.
Farmers view are right .The private sectors are not suitable for a country like India,but what can we do our Govt is easily sold by the private person .This is the sign of gulami ,as we are by the Britishers in history .Very sad to say that the Govt is unable to learn any thing from history.
one of the amazing coverage of reality .... proud of our farmers and the scoopwhoop team... you guys are doing a tremendous job...
Finest and fairest exposition/explanation of the Farm Bills ever on digital and electronic media. Congratulation.        Digital Media Regulatory Bill              ?!
Ma'am with all due respect! I think a farmer can sell his produce outside the mandi or in any other state. Correct me if I'm wrong.
I SUPPORT FARMERS 
sir please make a video on taking back of farmer bill by govt. please...
Today farmers proved they're intelligent than us Urban people who easily believe sosial media campaign
This Arfa is interested to provoke them?! The agitation gone in hands of anti national gangs. Now opposition is interested to utilize them. The polarised political  media must show same interest in responding to the farmers committing suicide all over India with these old and out dated farm laws?! Ex. IAF
We know what you have done and why you have taken this decision also.  Around 700 farmers lost their life unnecessarily.Elections are coming in some states, I appeal all Indians to think before they vote. Don't forget that your vote is going to decide the future of this country. 
Ohh my god.. Now I knew taliban is so innocent and cute.... Actually modi is fone this all
I'm with the farmers but pllz don't block the roads for the oxygen supply chain for the Delhi or nearby states.
This is politics by all political parties. In the interest of the Nation Mr Modi has taken back the Agricultural Bill passed by the parliament.
Instead of sitting in a open space, let them sit peacefully in a room counting the bars in a jail.  Apt place for these fake farmer leaders.
.. real enemy of Farmers 
I dont understand this point of govt should expand their purchase to more markets ... why should they , to keep buying more than required and waste tax payer public money , which otherwise could be used to build infrastructure for farmers, build better technology for farmers to use and expand their markets to sell .... already govt purchase has gone beyond their limits and loss to exchequer ... why we r behaving like educated fools and getting carried away in this protest ... govt should not engage in any business , they should concentrate on building infrastructure , engage Agri ministry , Agri universities and village panchayat to create Framer Procurement Organisations (FPO) and through them every farmer can sell their products to either Mandi or outside mandi however farmer wishes and gets better price ... its better to move away from mandi while making no impact to farmers and also get benefit for end users ... in all this we forget about general public who bare and burden ...1. Pay tax 2. Pay higher roll price for products ( be grains or pulses or the processed products) ... why should public suffer at the cost of others benefit for years and years ... when public will ever get any benefit .... let rich farmers give away their subsidies given they have better standard of living ... they way general public have given away subsidies for gas ... let the rich farmers help their Farmer brother who have less land or no land but work as labour to get benefit from new laws and facilities provided by govt or any association that set up to help farmers to produce more and get better pricing
Your title of this vedio is incorrect and is antifarmers when I know you are not. So fix the title.
4) One could technically argue that bringing in free markets would mean fairer pricing, no middle men and also the money gets passed on directly to farmers without having to pay income taxes. Farmers still get an MSP if they want to go to APMC but more and more they would prefer not to if they get preferential pricing by private companies outside.
I am stand with Farmers
Heart felt Condolences to farmers who gave their lives
Let's start Indian media cartoon show 
How sad it is .. that FARMERS LIVE IN ONLY 2 BLODDY STATES AND REST ALL FARMERS SUPPORTED IT .
We indians stand with our farmers
Modi ji please do something for the real harmony or real unity plz.
Why not government pass a law to ensure MSP weather farmers sell there produce in APMC or in other market.
*Only in india you see tractors doing donuts in the middle of the intersection*
Protesting is a right. Make  sure the anti nationals  arent using you . Not even farmers are above the nation.
Not even Arnab can save Modi from losing UP and Punjab election 
Farmers and private companies are safe
I think so, the reason behind this is upcoming elections and Putin's visit to India
Dekho police walo ko bacha rahe the kisan or police wale kese mar rahe the kisaano ko
However... Farmer is already  free to sell crop to private sector , what is the meaning of bills then
Rakesh Tiket the Net worth 80Cr poor farmer. Has left the innocent farmers on boarder :D
I am certain of one thing. Modi did not withdraw the farm laws because of Punjab. They dont expect to win even 10 seats in Punjab.  It is likely that there was a second wave of protests that may have come with Khalistanis from US, Canada or UK joining in ahead of Christmas holidays. 
Good work Hero Farmer Pictures
Dear All, These laws have flaws I agreed to that but those flaws can be fixed... Modi gov did not discussed these laws with farmers before passing them in parliament... I also agree that the process by which the law was pass was wrong... I have spent more than 3 hrs to study these bills but they are beneficial for farmers from other states. If the flaws are fixed then farmers from punjab as well as farmers from other state will also get its benifits don't blindly say that take these law back totally that is nonsense thing to do 
When was stone pelts thrown by any single farmer ??? Feku media 
- farmer will have full power in the contract to fix SP (Support Price) - empowering the farmers
I could see farmers having hesitant bevause of past politicans and laws . But it is duty of intellectual class and media to be responsible . I remember when indira gandhi had a bill to control population we had similar phobia being by the opposition and media that she is killing and had to rollback due to pressures . Now seeing the same misinformation and Anger of Other issues encouraged and misinformed farmers that reform will end they , i cohld be agree these laws are not perfect but were surely not "Black" or intented to harm farmers , no political party in india has the intention to "Harm" farmers . Not to mention some farm leaders are finding new excuses to protest . If this cycle of protests continue , remember BJP can also (they did the same in bengal) block roads and politcnans to affects administration . I'm surprised supreme court is quite in pathetic law and order situation .
Protesting in calm way. But Bjp . Abhi hath jodey h, agar farmer ne lath uthaye toh ye bjp dharam pai battein le ayega.
Waah modiji waah election in UP Punjab both agricultural based economy .
i am 100 percent behind the farmers
Jab farmers ke nam per farmers leaders ke rup me rapist, murders and anti-national  lead karne lage and usaka indirect support supreme Court kare to desh hit me bill wapas lena sahi tha.
Farmers are important they give us food
The talk between farmers and government is not crossing The line of ifs , buts , therefore , although , since and ultimately both of us sleep on farm bill using it as pillow for two years , if any solution comes in our dream Will be Okay ! Such is the conclusion of last meeting as laymen can understands ?
What do you think that why Modi has to back out? Is it due to upcoming Elections?
The lesson learnt should be that BJP should take along more parties before they get such laws passed. Having said that, opposition will anyways protest and create a ruckus and which Govt did not show guts to put down, that too is a fact. Just look at how Shaheen Bagh, Delhi riots and Farmer protests were allowed to fester. Governance is still not in the BJP blood. They need a better team overall. Poach if required but build a better team. The present team simply lacks governance experience.
Farmers who died during all will compensate 5 lakh+1 gov job,,, what about those police man?
I don't blame them for protesting, the India people and farmers have been treated badly for a long time. American farmers could learn something from this. Farmers of America are being told what they can grow and how much they can grow.
India gifted a helicopter to Taliban. why?
If Delhites eat food grown by the farmers, they might as well bear the "inconvenience". There are no farmers on Gurgaon borders etc.
Not accepting what farmers want is totally a different story.. instead they are on verge of harming farmers. So inhuman huh 
Farmers from Punjab, Haryana and western UP, will be asked by their future generations on what they did. They should ask their brothers middlemen why you sell your produce at 5 Rs and we pay 40 Rs. Where does that 35 goes.
This farm laws would have benefited India greatly. Very disappointed.
BMW , Mercedes driven farmers. What about the small and farmers of the country??? They know nothing about these laws and More importantly they know nothing about MSP (Minimum Support Price). Its time to analyze it.
Farmers will win against Modi government
I and my family is daily praying for our farmers and soldiers...hoping God will have mercy
Salute to every farmer who is fighting against this black bill, staying in such harsh conditions of winter without losing there patience not a single violence..
Ajay bhisht is talking about Democracy and Farmers. Neither he believes in democracy not he believes that protester were farmers. Entire BJP has called them Khalistani, terrorist and goons
However much eye witnesses you bring, I don't think justice will prevail. The case will go on for years and finally the accused will get bail. This is our lovely and great india under siege by modi and amit shah.
The US knows that once its military presence is completely out of Afghanistan, it won't take a second for the Taliban to tear down the democratic govt of Afganistan, they must make sure that the govt stays functional otherwise it'll be disastrous for two countries first Afganistan itself and second India, cause the Taliban won't be attacking Pakistan and the taliban already said that China is its friends, so it's just India that remains in between!
But why did farmers have to sit on roads for 1 year to show them that we don't want these laws.
We all indian support you. 
There is cartoon published in US where a cow (BJP)  is eating India, the cow is producing milk which is going to industrialist (Ambani and others) and people of India is getting cow dunk.... it seems very true by considering the current situation of India.
#FarmerProtest Zindabad  Farmers should not leave protest until Govt. should fulfil all demands .. Hats off to Rakesh Tickait  He is absolutely right 
These are not any farmer's
Are they farmers???
Late. Lal Bahadur Shastri and Late. Chaudhary Charan Singh .... Both former Prime Minister tried well to make reforms and benefits for Farmers... But Sadly the regime was 4 years ,  6 months respectively
Please support indian farmers...protest still going on...foriegn media help us..modi government is crushing us please help...
Bjp govt has sold most of India govt owned facilities
After election Modi will again get back the farm bills with some other name n scheme 
To Punjabi, Haryana, and Western UP Jat farmers - please leave the rest of Indias farmers alone, let them sell their goods wherever they want, and not be regulated by corrupted officials at every government level. 
Btw this step was taken for up and punjab election only.
Farmers saved our Democracy. Big setback to whole Propaganda of Godi Media that tried too hard to prove the Black Laws right . Truth wins & it started on the auspicious Baba Guru Nanak Devjis Gurpurab 
It's same bhave as  talibani  ,with our farmer ,this is not our gov. 
9th if msp is made legal than do govt have so large budget and capacity to procure and store the produce of 40-50 cr farmers of nation? Leave indian govt do govt of any other nation have this kind of budget (10cr avg farmers  50,000 avg agri production)2 (rabi and kharif season)=10,00,000cr rs per year?
I dont know tariq fateh is with india or against India .  He is threatening hindus infront of them on their media , now I m 100% sure he is ISI agent too 
I would love tata and other big companies to join and support the farmers
It's should be 'Why Unrest in only Punjab and Haryana'
Modi ji look towards farmers. Not towards businessman. You also came from small family in village. You won't loose any thing perhaps you get effection from indian voter.
So Government have officially confirmed to the  nation that there will be the minimum support price and it will not be removed... In fact since 2014, government has bought more food from farmers to support them then the earlier government...
Farmers should be given autonomy. Waise bhi election aa rahe hai. US mei bhi you bahut charcha hui hai farmers andolan ki, aur extermism ki
Bjp Jat know kisan know nahi divided policy
Doesn't matter which side , BJP , Opposition , whatever . Indian politics is the worst politics in the world.
First time ever I get to know that in period of 74 years of Independence of our nation any Prime Minister respectfully asked pardon from few Farmers and request to return back there home. Such a PM is more than angel for our nation. We shouldn't loose him for just political angle.  His and his party's decision may be wrong but intention never can be. Jai hind 
Government must realise his limitations, privatisation must stop in anyhow, Farmers are suffering there on protest... please do not ruin this protest
Pls provide essay on doubling farmers income by 2022
The Indian Farmers put on the most impressive and determined and well organised protest!! CONGRATULATIONS ALL THE FARMERS WHO NEVER GAVE UP!!  ha ha sorry but nothing to see in India's Agriculture Bill Greedy Gates ha
I stand with farmers
Please help us indian farmer need help from world indian government and it cell make us terrorist please help us we neeed really help 
When farm bills implemented cost of sugarcane per quintal is 8 thousand Indian Rupee 
India owes you a lot Ravish ji
its really interesting the words they chose to use : - " our intention with this law was to help poor farmers but some particular section couldnt understand our intentions . Since it is a democracy we after thinking further about the long term adverse effects of such protest we repeal the farm laws " .
A car running over matching farmers. Republic donot be always biased, next when this happens to your family no body will stand by your side.
Protesting against govt. in India is supported by international media and EU countries.
You are gangsta until the tomato, rice, cabbage, spinach, corn, potato and asparagus farmer goes ultra instinct.
This clarification and understanding should reach to those farmers who are not very educated and easily misguided. With CAA, it happened the same. Most people didn't understand and support to oppose the bill.
Modi ji failed first PM everywhere and only Ambani and Adani agent... Rahul Gandhi ji sincere leader
It means all the foreign companies will rule over the peasants.... And tell me once  Modi said "Made in India" and "great India" what will happen of these statements.....
Take back these farmers laws which only gonna benefits big corporates.
Setback for farmers of whole country. 
I think govt keep down in any level . there are making un pease in country...to keeping balance  take big decision against these middle man farmers
Love from Pakistan to Indian farmers.
Plzzzz forword this video to godi media Chanel #aaj tak.,.and anjana Om modi....and show her what's the exact meaning of farmers bill...plzzz someone forward this
I have a small doubt in this....when govt has proposed these 3 bills to after all  make it a win-win situation for both farmers and consumers at the first place, then why is it not making MSP as a mandate....what's the story from government's end, I mean what are the challenges before the government
Farmers and labourers in Jharkhand, Bihar are gentle and poor. They have a traditional mindset of accepting whatever the "lord" saheb says, which is different from the attitude of farmers in Punjab and Haryana. They avoid confrontations. Talk to any of them and the difference between Bihar and Punjab farmers is very obvious. During the lockdown , mostly labourers from Bihar and UP were victims, and they walked back thousands of kilometers to their villages - without raising a single voice.
Ravish kumar is real reporter of India.
  , these bills are going to lay path to competitive farming which results is economic growth.
Farmer's demand is totally correct.
Please address the Rate issue (MSP) make MSP a law ,subject to grading & quality of crops as categories A , B , C , Act like a Regulatory between corporates & farmer's just like 28 Regulatory bodies already working in India to safe gaurd the interest of consumers  & Corporates  ( IRDAI , RBI , SEBI , TRAI , IBBI , NABARD , SIDBI etc......)  
Dear Noha please read the laws that are in addition to existing laws. That means the farmers are free to follow the same process of selling their produce as before adding the laws and the MSP will remain for poor farmers. Hence please do some research before making such videos as this video tells half truth and dose not focus on the actual laws.
Now go and convince the BJP's against in the election and tell the public that remove BJP, save the country, save democracy.i salute to all farmers
even though they are farmers they don't deserve to do this.
Election coming one and half year in Punjab
Demonization was a great move for many people that time. Now they realise it is a blunder after 5 years. Don't remember what was SG saying that time. We can't allow blunders again. Kudos to farmers, not to Sikhs and Jatts. Pathetic, SG
We won the battle farme won Indian won every Indian won and modi government killed so many farmer
We support from Pakistan 
black day for farmers..... big loss for us as farmer  .....
People should make "Amar Kisan Smarak" at India Gate as a tribute to thousand farmers died to save their farms from modern Ghori.
Now every one is accusing farmers  no one saw thier pains from last two months and calling them terrorist and all kinda stuff . putting  religious flag at  Red fort is completely wrong . Where were those people wo saying  negative about farmer   when  incidents like mob lynching or hosting hindu relegion flag over masjid and at  hight court happened.  violence is not acceptable  but just pointing at sikh  or any other religion  is not good. It simply  depends upon someone mentality. Some people are saying too bad like as if there personal life has got affected or they lost too much in today's protest. I request eveyone not to get influenced with such negative comments .  Putting religious flag was completely wrong but
At 12.00 SG says MP and Jharkhand caught up with Punjab & Haryana in producing surplus wheat because of Narmada dam. If we recall there was mass protests led by left-wing against Narmada dam construction. Similarly they are against agricultural reforms.
Kya corona sirf trains se fylta h kya? Train ko ghata dal modi trains bechne chta h congress he corruption h congress he corrouption ki maa h aroosa da yaar punjab da gadaar punjab ch  bus transport ghotalaa zaari h Punjab congress ka Bijli ghotalaa zaari h bijli ghotale ka paisa terrorism fylaon lyi kr r rhi congress kyuki congress he corruption h bijli 10 rs unit de rhi Rajasthan punjab congres
There is another problem of legality. Agriculture is a State subject. The constitutionality of the farm laws has been questioned in the Supreme court by the farmers. The hearngs are due to start.
The Essential Commodities (Amendment) Bill
please give press conference Modi ji.
Not Only Punjab Haryana anymore. Other states joined in too!
I too believe that Modi did a big mistake in farm laws case, keeping in mind the Punjab elections. Captain won't get any benefits to gain ground.
What a shame? Farmers doesn't believe the promise of repeal of the farm laws by our great leader and wanted  to protest until an ordinance enacted..
We stand with our farmers...
What a master Stoke Modi ji.. ...Ur hands in blood of farmers who died in the protest .
Banda to sahi hai .....Modi jindabaad . we have lost information war. that's it. The same wrong information spreaded at the time of CAA.
Yes, protesting farmers are mainly from Punjab and Haryana. The reason is simple, these are the states, which are the bread baskets of India. Farmers wish to discuss their problems with the government, so that the government may hear them, and alleviate their myriad problems. 
To Save  UP  election  Modi is acting like Ballain
If these new bills are not applicable in punjab...as punjab assembly has already passed laws as per state reqmnt...then why protest??
At a time when even so called secular parties fear saying Muslims or Islam Tiketji gave slogan Allah hu Akbar Har Har Mahadev. When all fear government and bow to them the farmers stood firm giving their lives and imagine days and days spending their own money for months and months.
Huge hugee respect  for the farmers!
@8:30  companies will not try to reduce contract price ,. They will decide the rate not the farmers after AMPC mandis ends....
Just before election @evil Modi.
I stand with Farmers
Great victory for farmers
The Indian media is not even showing the protests.
It is necessary for the farmers movement to be successful, only this will protect Democracy and save our Country from Slavery.....!! 
We support farmers. From Pakistan 
Historic farmers protest
Saurabh when was the last time U questioned BJP?????.....are you becoming godi media???
Agreed both sides adamant. Well done democracy. Though this government has made attempts to talk the farmers are refusing visa versa. Now if thes rule are repealed and laws retained the only benifit will be rich farmers and politicians because they can bill doze and get money. When all sectors are opened to all why cant farmers that is the poor people tilling and working in their own land decide whom they can sell to. The government have said no changes to map. The farmers can sell their produce anywhere. The concept of mandi was used to help collect the stock and sell it at requirement. Why do farmers want the central government to buy food grains from them if the central government has allowed the farmers to sell their produce keeping the minimum msp I cant see what is there to detect. Farmers are not saying the point of non agreement bill. Let them state the exact reason. At this time of corona virus already the health care system is in strains now if the winter crops fails they will again come running to centre for help. Well this is a cross situation. Best is let the farmers say what they dont like in the bill and why. This will make matter clear. Somehow unlike upa government which claims it brought in opening of economy. Why did they not frame a stand structural policy in agriculture
Lol modi will vanish these stinking Taliban Noobs within seconds 
Kishan bills are under political criticism 
People should always remember these politicians be it of any party they are rainy frogs. Election aya nahin ki ye log kudne lagte hain. Punjab ke drugs issue mein kuch boliye madam. Drugs se bhi to log marte hain
Private contracts will eventually bring a competitor and farmers will have a choice to whom he wants to sell and to whom not. If you are not getting MSP in the private contract you can go for APMC's
No, I don't believe it. Farmers will not end their agitation as long s their demands e not met!
Turning point of PM in the basis of farmer revolution 2022
Farmers have become dabang 
Already several other companies are doing contract farming in india. Pls enquire wth other food companies. It is good for farmers, if more companies are coming to buy their crops, so that there will be more demand. 
Change the headlines. Congress support middle men & their party men agitation. Don't spoil original farmers names, they are doing farming in their land. NDTV please respect  original farmers.
So Glad to see that indians are understanding that this government is not working for their country you really need someone like kejriwal to run the country. Love from Pakistan
Blatant application of Gujarat model by sujata when she says that modi need not condemn the lakheempur incident ,  w.r.t. 3 bjp workers killed ,  but priyanka gandhi must do the same. 
Respect and Hats Off to DK Sir for this valuable talk !!!! This video should have at least 1 billion views in India  for everyone to know the reality and then make an informed decision and to impel our politicians to act and behave accordingly !!!! Jai Hind !!!!
I have watched full video and understand that acts are good and need changes as sir said but i think they're soo complicated if a farmer did one mistake he will loose 1 crop income or 5 year income . Acts should be simple and agreement should not be on " MAY " government should put in "WILL" . Rest is depend on farmers. 
I am from lakhimpur kheri ,this incident looks planned and a method to somehow effect stability as the elections are very near .
Pls don't call it farmer violence. These are not farmers by any means
I trust you my dear PM Modi sir.we Indians believe in you...
What is SGs conclusion after all? Were the bills good for a better future for farmers but the manner in which they have been brought was not appropriate?
This fool has no solution but only cribbing. In contrast please all listen to Prof. Gulati. This man has nothing to offer to the farmers
Why general  public  is being  harassed by these  farmers.  Businesses,  trader's,  Industry  has already  suffered too much from  the blockage  of  Roads.  Patients  have suffered from these blockage of roads.
We want farm laws. Arrest these farmers.
Please don't say him farmers
Farmers from Punjab cannot/does not represent farmers of whole country
Thats why farmers should start Cooperative based agricultural sector to save there life.
Im confused.. against farm law or support law... 
I stand with the farmers
394 police man injured and more than 150 farmers died in protest
Samdish finally said what I wanted to say.  Also, if farmers go out of business, every one is in trouble
I'm waiting for your stand on farmer bill
If farmers is internal matter of indian then talibani is also an internal matter of afganistan.
same happens with moong, urad, cotton and other crops. the only we as farmers want is to be able to sell our crops atleast on MSP. Modi govt's bill only need to add this one clause that if anyone buys from farmers below MSP there will be severe consequences, so that it can ensured that a farmers' life isn't left at the plight of corporations.
Other News - Farmers are Terrorist - Talwa chat rahe sarkar ke 
Why can't the PM go and talk with Farmers and explain this??
*This is very important fight between hardworking farmers and corrupt crony government, whole India are with farmers. 2022 is deciding year for this fight when BJP will loose every State election.*
The poor farmers deserve their own country in Punjab.
All other party should stop going to interviews and they should ask and call only bjp and modi for interview unko bhi toh sawaal pucho
In this time, farmers have got success in India, the government has withdrawn all the three laws.
If you need an actual expert please listen to Dr. Ashok Gulati, former Chairman, CACP. Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices, whose mission states "The commission was established to recommend Minimum Support Prices (MSPs), to motivate cultivators and farmers to adopt the latest technology in order to optimize the use of resources and increase productivity".  talking about it   here 
Imagine farmer protest gets joined by ordinance factory workers and CAA protestors backed by Shivsena and congress. Modi- shah will have no escape.
I am very satisfied with your video on the topic, but you have asked the question that why do police need to use tear gas, so it's very clear that police can do lathi-charge if protestors get violent but they didn't do that and we know that violent protestors attack cops and how the police were pulled back and injured. So what is left with the police? is police is there for just beaten up by the protestors? as not a single farmer was injured by police, hence they have to use tear gas to control the mob when they are trying to pull down the bus to clear the road and if there is a confusion with the route then it's the responsibility of the leader, although if farmers were confused then in confusion they start attacking police and start moving to closed routes and start breaking barriers? I DON'T THINK ANYONE CAN DO THAT IN CONFUSION.
I come from an India where NewsLaundry is an independent media
Sir I agree with all of you..what where were you to support bill.now you are supporting
2. Contract Farming is possible without any acts then why to bring this new regulatory act which looks more beneficial to the affluent contract farmer (Farming Companies).
@bisbo do you know that how much farmers are suffering due to not getting msp, every job has hiked its salary in last 50 years but the farmers incomes remains same. My father is a farmer I know how much it is important, cut all subsidies but atleast give msp. Farmers are not even able to pay for the investment how do you think they will feed there children. My father has to open up other business just to survive and give us good life even after having 200 acres of farm. Government can easily support it as they provide so much to other working class and it is economical feasible. Take example of brazil for sugarcane , corn and wheat for North America. I go though all of your stories and they are very much to the point but about this topic I am disappointed because you just took one side and showed the other you should have thrown more light after research. Dont give subsidies take tax but at-least give msp  so that people know which crop they should invest in . And every acre of land if difference you may have 20 acres suitable for sugarcane but you may also have 2 acres in central not suitable for it.  Agriculture has so many risks in it that with this structure it is not going to be too long when people just leave farming. 
Don't take away the innocence of the children. Personally feel bad when I see a child being fronted for a political objective.  I wish all involved a speedy resolution in the interest of both the farmers and the country.
The government usually forces the farmer to sell locally at low prices so that they can supply subsidized rice to urban consumers or to keep the rice price low in cities.
Look, the looters threten to rise Khalistan movement of they are not let to loot. They have already shown their international might even by making Canada President talking for them, & oganising events in many places in the world. How these middlemen exploit Punjabi  sentiment for their selfish purpose. 
It is strange situation that the law farmers want is being denied and the law they don't want is being implemented
they are asking for MSP(minimum support price)
There appears no use of discussion at the time of promulgation and no use at the time of repeal,everything is decided  by majority which is ensured after election results declaration and govt formation.The whole process is thus democratic, people are saying.
Tikait owns petrol pumps ... is this news correct ?? Please confirm .also I read that he earlier supported the bills and thanked modi. Also if each household is not sending a rep, is the a penalty that these so called farmer leaders have threatened ?? Request something on these points please sir.. we need to see both sides
People who are arguing this will bad for farmers. These are the people who never been to agriculture area.
Many farmers protesting against the bill are senior citizens. The Delhi police is playing a brutal role. I condemn the brutality of Delhi police. It's a shame. These police men doesn't seems to be human. Amir shah Murdabad. Modi Murdabad. Delhi police Murdabad.
They dont know that most of the police personnel belongs from the farmers backgroud itself .
I am support the farmers 
All India  Farmers unity zindabad
This step so negative impact on Indian farmers. So withdrawn that step pls.
One thing just farmer want is to fix the price of rice and wheat..so nobody buy below this price
It is all very good to say that the farmer can sell anywhere but, does he have the resources to take it? Does he have the resource to fight the sharks who dictate prices? Have the laws been made understandable for them? Does he have the resource to resist corporate pressure to grow what he wants instead of what the corporates dictate? This is all a farce. Where is the infrastructure for the farmers before this law can be effected?
Farming industry is massive. Tough to get everyone on board for the vision of PM Modi. Hope logic prevails.
Salute to our respected farmers! What endurance! Courage! & Perseverance....
Trevor should have covered other sides..corruptions that held in "mandis" because of farmers can't sell their crops in any other place
Huge huge respect for the farmers, I'm overwhelmed by their enthusiasm and unity, and you guys have been truly amazing for capturing such stories and showing people the reality of thr situation awesome work guys. God bless
5) Making Farmers aware about all the government schemes through mobile, Radio, TV, fertilizer and seed shops and panchayat.
How all the members can support a repeal of the law which in truth would help the farmer and the country!!!
Firstly they requested and demanded these farm law's to be repealed.
Who has came here to support farmers 
people say modi only repealed them because he wants the votes in the upcoming elections, but isn't this what democracy is all about? it is because india has democracy that modi is forced to listen to the farmers' voices and repeal these laws. were india a more authoritarian country, these farmers would be crushed and the head of state would cling on to power as usual.
Overall this bill will benefit adani and ambani and farmers will left with nothing and we can say that this is another master stroke by our PM to help their corporate friends.
My support only  farmers
Where is farmer in India? most of them drove out from the field and remains will be left after this bill.
Farmers?? No these people are jokers
Don't beg Modi for your rights Make your own free n fair Kisan Desh for Punjab Haryana UP n Rajasthan. Kisan Rocket Launcher Force.
Move ahead of U.P elections but still a great win for the farmers.
For solve MSP Price problem ,  demolish life commodities act,  Make farming market free market
I too dontt support these farm laws but there should also be a solution for avoiding  farmers repeatedly harvesting wheat and paddy due to msp and leading to ground water depletion. Also subsidies if possible should be channelled to small land owning farmers rather than being a generalised one.
Why is no one asking eyewitnesses that why they saw 'tamasha' of killing reporter and bjp volunteers ,did nothing to help or themselves indulged in beating them to death like most farmers as seen in the video,and question of wearing bhindravale shirt
Win of Democracy. Farmers tell us the power of Right to Protest. Dhikkaar hai un logo ko jo abhi bhi kisano ko anti national bol rahe hai. Agar farm bills ache hote to farmers protest nhi karte. 
Nice video. But I have one doubt: If most of the farmers were anyway selling their produce outside the APMC, what is new in what the first farm law is saying? Isn't this already allowed?
Bastards must be in prison. Who killed innocent farmers.
They are shame in name of farmers
Please make two way communication...hold PC ...talk with farmers....we do not want one way communication...
GOOD BYE...JOB WELL DONE BY THE FARMERS AND AJIT ANJUM
THANK YOU THE GREAT PATRIOT MOHAMANO MODI JI! TRUST OUR ORDINARY KIRSHAN BHAIS WILL UNDERSTAND THIS AND REGRET . THEY WERE SUCKED INTO POLITICALLY MOTIVATED TRAITORS AND WILL REGRET LATER WHEN IT WILL BE TOO LATE. JAI HIND AND BHARAT MATA KI JAI HO!!!!!
Why you dont mention about dead farmers
Even the farmers who don't have any formal education understand the DIRTY POLITICS of BJP
I support farmers 
so many episodes to destroy the image of farmers...and just one video of yours 
They kow these who r protesting are khalistani.. Not farmers n they kow too tat the cars were attacked first n wat happens next was self defense.. 
3. Farmer is at the mercy of these middlemen to purchase his produce. Basically exploitation of farmers happen.
Thanku sir well explained ,thanks for rvealing farmers truth
Poor DK Singh. His leader has let him down. This man did not once mention the deficiency in the bills and why farmers opposed them. Just kept saying that they were reforms. 
Farmer?!!!! Are they seriously farmer still!!
It seems that many journalists were in hibernation and suddenly woke up after farm law was repealed and started claiming that they know the actual truth
Woh krte ya na krte woh to 2024 mai dekhte lkn tumne jo beech mai aakr bill wapas krwa dia uska kya??? Might be farmers ke income increase krta...
I feel these laws will be back. This looks to be a tactical withdrawal. I support the farm laws and was disappointed when they were withdrawn. However I'm very very heartened that Modi took back the laws even at the cost of his reputation. That tells me that he's not drinking his own ego. You need to really be concerned about a leader who is inflexible because of his image and ego. That to me further strengthens my belief in BJP and Modi.
1. Small farmers of Punjab and Haryana and Farmers of all other states were not protesting.
This good video seems to be slight tilt towards right wing. To me it's laughable to hear any political motives from other parties to BJP. BJP has been ruthless handling opposition. My guess is, people (farmer) are opposing farm law since they don't have trust on private sector and weakening of govt market and MSP will hurt them.
We as Indians without a doubt should support our beloved farmers and hope the government and farmers find a solution. 
Frankly speaking what happened today... country going to oppose farmer protest...
This bill will benefit the farmers ... But their fear is also right ....govt has to come up with a middle way
Rip to all brave 700 farmers
Saving the nation before uplifting farmers, a very hard decision....
I stand with Farmers  
Now every farmer will be rich overnight as they were before 
It's very painful to see the farmers brutally beaten by police.
Honest and great personality , Ajit Anjum ,Thanks from farmers.
I knew that there is some law against which farmer is protesting but I didn't knew why ....so thank you so much sir ..btw I also learned history from your channel it is amazing 
Very nice, lets support our farmers ,they need our support
Salute to farmer's
Toh ultimate real farmers marne wale future m v is bill ko wapas lene k bad.... atleast perfect step nii tha but govt ne liya to tha but ab future m koi hope nii reforms ka 
It's victory of Farmers over cruel government.
Roads are not blocked by farmers. They are blocked by police.
Victory of farmers....
We support to farmers.
The crooks who came to power on the promise of better governance and putting farmers at forefront has become the biggest enemy of farmers and public who sympathize with farmers. Thanks to the brainpower of Andbhakts..
 in agriculture , no farmer wants to have low quality because quality is directly proportional to quantity . 
Killing 4 BJP leaders and drivers, burning thier Vehicle by farmers are unacceptable. Those who are Conspirators, must be punished.
Ultimately more & more farming population would be required to move to white/blue collar jobs but first provided these jobs are created by incentivising make in India industries , education, health , manufacturing industries and giving a level playing field to states like Punjab which is border state while the states alongside it are given incentives for the industry to set up by the centre giving them tax holidays whereas industry is heavily taxed here.
This is not democracy, jo log protest nhi kr rhe, in farmers law ko favour kr rhe hai and bjp ko vote diye hai, un logo sath ye u justice hai
Farmer will demand but he will not do politics
Yesterday Modi said. No extremists can form a govt for long time. So mr.ravish.
We stand with our farmers
Big victory for farmers 
According to , price will go down & Govt is forcing the farmer to move to other crops. Why can't govt. incentiwise the farmers for on other crops?
The real Farmer knows how much is it difficult to sell their goods at the price they want to sell. Some intermediators force the farmers to sell their harvest at the rate which they (mediators) wish. If the farmer does not do so then these mediators cause harm to the crop and the farmer's family.
In Future Farmers will remember this 3 farm bills.
Kishan bill is nuksan Kon bataye ga...we want truth behind this kishan bill..
Stop the Farm Bill immediatly with out discussions
Why govt is still holding with their lame policy, if farmers don't want it then throw it away
They are imaginening that in future MSP will stop because of direct selling to corporates. I imagine that in future robots are farmers.
Even if you say Modi has Ego....Ex- Congress leader Manmohan agreed that MODIJI is the greatest leader...
MSP is used by Rich Farmers / Artiyas to transport harvested crops from other states like Rajasthan UP by Farmers / Artiyas and then sold to Govt. agencies in Mandis at MSP as locally harvested produce
1)first of all encourage farmer to provide subsidy
In every village of Punjab, the Gurudawara is the biggest landlord and it was the Gurudawaras who are financing the farmer's protest. I wish our Mandirs could also support public causes as Gurudawars do.
Feeding cows and having government job have huge differences with agriculture come with panjab farmers they will show ground zero of farming and problems they face
Contract farming Mai beej, aaujar ,khad ,sab contractor deta hai Kya????
Can someone explain if as he said, 94% farmers are not using APMC to sell their produce so I believe they're still being exploited regarding pricing as they do not get MSP. So why are farmers protesting if most of them don't use the present services? It seems that he didn't cover the entire situation and there is much more to it that what he's describing here.
Glad international media is taking coverage . Please cover #Modi job do , if possible .
Punjab and Haryana which are leading the agitation suffer from a geo-political curse. In the years of public sector, government investment alluded them due to hostile borders. That affliction continues. This year Pakistan is importing 2.9 million metric tonnes of wheat from far of countries and so is Afghanistan. Export via road from Punjab is competitive due to low transport and handling costs. China has also sought Indian rice, to reduce its dependence on south east Asian countries. But we cannot deal with them for reasons of the national cause. 
I pity those farmers who have been mislead by some politicians into believing that the farm bills are not good
modi fuddu... why addressing bigar and not talking about protest and doubts of people of punjab
Farmers will win
Truth always wins and inshaAllah kisan andolan will again drag India into the right path 
Proud to be Indian, Proud to be born in Sanatana Dharma , and very very grateful Narendra Modi ji is are Prime Minister of India. He is a real Gem of India . Jai Shree Krishna Har Har Mahadev 
Farmers won the battle it remains to be seen who wins the war...
Ajit anjum sahib your NAME will written in golden words in history and all media persons who are in favor of Modi Government their next generation will be ashamed of them their next generation wont able to tell people that my grandfather was a part of godi media when Modi Government was trying to destroy this beautiful country
I guess bill was giving freedom to farmers on some level but businessmen would have gotton greater freedom .......but wait initially it was decided that MSP will not be there which was later proposed ... i mean what was the intention in the starting
 ALL OVER INDIA KISHAN ARE COMING TO ATTEND THIS MUZAFFARNAGAR MEETING ON 05.09.2022. VERY GOOD PEACEFUL HINDU MUSLIM EKTA ALL ARE ONE. THANKS. 
 GodBless all india farmers. Stand up together now please please 
thank you bro to get me a brief knowledge about Farmer's Law...
The bill has support from majority of the farmers from other parts of the country. This is a fact.  Also, the subsidies enjoyed by Punjab and Haryana actually are robbing the subsidies of farmers from other region. This must stop. In the garb of MSP the farmers of these two states dumps their substandard produce to Mandis. Basmati rice they never sell in Mandis. They are already selling high cost rice like basmati directly to corporates. The rice and wheat that we get from PDS (ration shop) are actually are the grains that Govt is forced to buy even though the supply is more than demand. Try eating the rice and wheat from ration shop then you will know what I am talking about. Currently since there is guaranteed MSP they produce quantity but not quality and dump those to Mandis.  I want to support genuine farmer but surely would not support who are just behind money and does not care anything about quality. Currently this is the case of farmers from Punjab and Haryana.
This is the true face of Modi's RSS india.Shame on this police wala.
I came after PM announced repeal if farm laws. You predicted correctly. I appreciate you shekar ji.
Google if need be the free trade policy and as to why the present govt did not sign the RCEP where in most of the neighbouring countries have signed in is because govt cares for the farmers upliftment
farmers we are with you
Finally win farmers
The gov needs to explain the why behind these laws, cant just get away by saying it benefits farmers without any justification
I think India is of no use to Taliban. India must focus on internal matters first.
I think need to approach some data collect company who can collect all the small medium high farmers 
Farm laws are indeed a Big GOOD thing for farmers.  Surprisingly the well-to-do farmers in Punjab and Haryana want STATUS-QUO to continue.  Farmers from other states do see a HUGE benefit from farm laws!  The left elements and opposition have been very good at enhancing the confusion.  Since this issue is happening in the mid-term it is not going to influence 2024 elections.  Unnecessarily they are robbing the farmers from escalating to NEW HEIGHTS in the field of Agriculture
This episode should urgently be translated in all reginal languages and TV broad casted in all states in India through channels which farmers normally view.
Today I lost the inner Respect for all the Indian farmers . I WILL NEVER EVER Respect any farmer from now onwards till my last breath . Today farmers have hurt the pride of our and their own Nation too . India will never forget this unethical , brutal attack by farmers on their own Nation. If we have such farmers we don't need Pakistan and China to witness our down fall . And after today's incident I now think farmers deserve some hardships . Today they insulted our own Nation on international level 
Farmers are right here
As per I heard, farmers are fearing that if they can sell in any part of the country, their own Mandis might get weakened because that's the only hope of selling their products if the FCI doesn't accept all foods(actual case). So that will ultimately lead them to doing Contract farming which will be just for the sake of a company. And that they will have to sell their products anywhere at low cost to them if Mandis become non existent. And will ultimately be like a Jio v/s Airtel battle. I feel their pain but no government gives respect to any farmers be it Congress or BJP. All are just a bunch of evils ruling the country.
History repeated godi media 
They are not farmers there aim to build Khalistan in Punjab they want to seperate us. Some of them are being brain wash
I know farmers are the one who make their entire life struggling for us. 
Why only  Prosperous farmers of punjab are Protesting?
Is Taliban coming to attack India? 
2:16 open auctions with transparent pricing this is the whole issue. Neither the auctions are open nor the pricing transparent. The arthias (dealers) group up in each mandi and decide a common highest bid, above which no other arthia will go. Ground reality is very different then theory. The arthias are bullies. And their is no real oversight in the mandis. The people who are meant to actually overlook the functioning of mandi and protect the farmers do the exact opposite. They team up with the arthias or more precisely, they issue the arthia license only to their family members/relatives to gain monopoly over the market.
BJP should look for new leader, Modi  is too old and nowadays he is more concerned about his image building than the national interests. We need a strong leader, not a coward.
What is the problem now...at starting I was also supporting farmers but when even after government removed all the previous points, now why are they protesting....
Kisan morcha Pass Modi fail
No words for thanks .. proudly Im old subscriber of LallanTop..  while editing who select  background sound ? Hats off .. Kavishri is Very important part of our culture... Kavishri is music that Gave strength Nd reminds what our History was .. This time again PAnjab and all farmers Win for sure .. Very thanks Our Haryana bhai tau and all 
person at 7.34 wake up man they are farmers of our country. Delhi people should stand with farmers and should help them in getting their rights. ..
I support the changes but the government just backed down for BJP's profits ! and Shri Tikait Ji, doing his best to keep the protests alive, why ? To implement Gauranteed MSP, that he himself must know is just not at all feasible !
This media is so driven by their TRP and profits that they are only showing the worst of the protests. Show the complete truth where the farmers explain why they are going to Delhi.
The number 250 million is factually incorrect. not a single farmer is protesting in southern india because we are already doing contract farming for years. only in north protest is happening and the protestors are not more than 10 million.
#SuspendModi from Rajyasabha for blatantly lying about MSP being in the Farm bill
Earlier farmers has no time to run their farms, now farm laws made them to fight against MNCs in courts...
If Im a farmer with a small holding, of which there are MANY such farmers in India, having access to an oligarchy of a 'larger market is not going to help me much, if at all.
Even if Farmers feel that the contract terms do no suit them , they are free to opt for present system ie may go for MSP 
Every food is, growing by farmer   .. Respect farmers.
Plz plz Support indian Farmer
These people never supported other state farmers when they were protesting in Delhi!
Modi should know that and farmers are public too.
Sir pls give clarity about this bcs ,sare farmers ko yhi lg rha h ,mere sasural haryana k  gaon me h or hum logo ko chod kr puri family vhi rhte h inke  chacha khet sambhatle h, kl hi vaha gaon k log kh rhe the ,ki sb protest kr rhe h ki ye galt h hum majdur ho jayenge .
But again actual farmers are not protesting. All middleman babus whose income may go are protesting.
Do you support the Modi Government not engaging w farmers to bring this law, or stakeholder management is only possible when you are from an actual democracy
I just spoke to my grandfather who happens to be a farmer, the 83 year old said that these bills are useful. I don't why Congress is opposing, they were about to do the same if they can.
Waiting for this cutter for long on farmer issues.. thank you
They have left the comfort of their homes braving Delhi's harsh winter to protect their rights and ours. Soon we will face acute food crisis and the corporates will profit even from that. RIP our departed farmers!
Punjabi and Haryanavi people are great and true inspiration..hope our Bengal, up Bihar, south all rise with such unity again..  love to all humanity
My sincere suggestions to millions of viewers please please stop watching Godi Media. You only can bring them down on the knees.   For  real news please follow NL and more others honest news digital channels. 
This r the paid artists from the Congress party not a farmer's
You're misguiding the peoples of India! The demanded MSP means, the minimum price guarantee of the crops! It doesn't mean Government should buy the whole crops, the GOVERNMENT Or private whoever is buying should buy in MSP.
Don't forget agar wapas hi lena tha to bill pass hi q kia sabko pta tha ki ye bil farmers ke lie bilkul thik nhi hai ye up election ke lie ek new azenda hai
Do u think a farmer can do that?
I agree. Govt might have been wrong. Media is wrong. But I refuse to believe that those who climbed red fort, removed the national flag and placed a regional flag were farmers. I simply can't.
Farmers head has names it seems  which political party members violated initially and caused police charges.
Well studied.. Our BJP leaders don't know what they are doing. Ambani bola to bas kar lo paiso ke liye.. Farmers are India's root. Kal fir farmers apne bachho ko abroad bhej denge fir Ambani ke supermarket me sabzi kaha se aegi.. We should give growth to our farmers to overcome crises in farming..
Now this matter has gone out of the country , canadian pm Trudeau is also supporting the farmers shame on the govt for spoiling our country's name 
BJP tractors
Farmers' protest has became an icon of democracy. That's a great victory of a peaceful protest  
Farmers don't beat police they are in duty if you wanna beat so beat amit shah
Thank you, finally Modi Govt had no choice but all the farmers must be aware it is not over yet. This repeal has to happen in the Parliament, Modi Govt. will have to go into the Parliament seeking for repeal to the same people he went and got this approved overnight. Fight is NOT OVER it. 
India stands with BJP. Not with middlemen. Whole nation is behind Narendra Modi.
Everyone is standing with our hardworking Farmers bt not only the Modi Gov't Godi Media's n Modi Bhakth...  we the son of farmers n all together made the govt n but now this govt leaders they're unable to make any good decisions n let all suffer here.
Why we (farmers ) are protesting:
Not even a single word came out of neither from amit shah and modi for the farmers.
a) can the farmers not sell in open market? if yes, how is this different?
Punjab state has 50,000 middlemen. Each of them charges 2.5% commission. PM Modi has done away with them. This has got nothing to do with MSP, no govt has provided better MSP than this govt. but from where 2.5% commission will come. Corruption should prevail.
After sacrificing around 700 Human life's the farmers win.... And the blood of over 700 Human life's quench the Government's thirst ?!
This is your side of story ,listen to the other side where it says police blocked the decided route for farmers
If Rakesh Tikait is removed, problem is  solved
He will pay of !!!  We are farmers and have right to Appel
Student of delhi thank you so much for farmer protest God bless your long life all of you didn't run away from difficult situation
Great appreciation for karan dua for efforts to reach at farmer's protest and support them.
Farmers are saying they want different kind of laws. Dont think theyre against progressive reforms in agriculture. They want protective measures for farmers not for corporates. In so called free markets usually protections are afforded to big corporations ,and the common man is left to the mercies of the market. The farmers are scared that this will happen to them as well.
This news channel is not understand farmers problem  
When they sit on the negotiating table again. I hope the farmer unions also ask for the release of jailed farmers including those who furled nishaan Sahib at Lal quila.  It was not an insult to the national flag. Farmers respect the national flag and have given their lives for its pride.
Zee news always know his duty ......zee news depend on bjp vice versa I
Rakesh Tikat ki Govt of India k Ministers 10 Time baat ho chuki hai
Why 2.5% Earning Aarthi helps the farmer in need?? BIG QUESTION ???? Poor Farmer, the AARTHIS makes sure they make more than farmers!!!!
India lost 700 farmer people in this battle, please don't forget before vote.
5. no steps to enhance the legal protection for farmers if in case any grievance is filed.
Salute to the farmers.. We all must support them, they are really so inspirational. Nice journalism. Sometimes feel like crying the nation is being ruled by Hitlergiri.. Shameless government. Let's see aur kitne julm Dhayegi modi sarkar.
gov subsidy must be removed, epically for rich farmers
Kudos Sir. Best explanation of the Farm laws in simplest possible way. Keep it up. Only things that objections to the laws should have been elaborated more. Some channels are claiming that 1. laws with farm protection dealing with contract farming will give opportunities to buying corporates e.g. Reliance to dictates the terms of food qualities, thereby giving them chance to penalize farmer for so called bad quality as per contract term, 2. Law regarding storage limits of crop or farm produce, will give farmer good chance to sell the produce, but will increase the prices of farm commodities. Please throw some more light on the objections to farm produce reform acts in next lecture.
I am always support my farmers.
Proud of u ... bjp get out from india
These laws are not against APMC or MSP.. they are to create a broader aspect which would no more restrict farmers to mandis,help prevent post harvest loss and wastage,abolish intermediaries that would led to bigger shares of price  to farmers from consumers..there is this misconception  being spread that mandis would no longer exist which is not true..
MSP is highest selling price very true. If the farmer is unable to sell his produce to FCI , he has to sell it to a local trader who offers a lesser price, no one offers a price higher in villages.
All india farmers stand up together now please Go Delhi now please go
They are not farmers....... opposition parties
why dont Modi just increase the benchmark if he really wants to help the farmers!!!
For farmers their produce is the only source they can survive. .and the farmers should be left alone to do their work. .Why does the GOVT succumbing to the BIG PVT PLAYERS TO TRESPASS and create problems for farmers? The govt can make provisions against for big farmers exploiting small farmers. But bringing outside GIANT players will eat up both small and big farmers MORE SO because the Govt and Govt bodies will DANCE TO THE TUNES of the GIANT PVT PLAYERS. & the farmer community will disappear or stop existing.
Thank god that farmers voices are finally heard.
Do you'll understand what he just did? haha....Mind Blowing Stroke! He just snatched out the slight advantage that opposition gained against him with this "krishi andolan" bullshit!  Modiji is a genius!
The mileage of tractor generally is about 9kms/L...
Indian media never covered foreign countries protest on farm laws
Sbse cool style se cover kiya farmers protest ko. 
95 percent of agriculture land is owned by 2 percent of land lords in rural India. Any farm laws are meaningless to majority of Indians
Ur suggestions are like playing with fire! Any missteps and we might have to pay a much greater price than these measly farm laws!!
My dear meghnad only 6% farmers in nation get benefits of msp. All others get lesser price than msp. I always support your initiative in news media but you have less info on farming just like any other city guy...
Thank you sir for supporting farmers
Can someone please tell me why 90% of indian farmers were not protesting?
Start boycotting GODI media channels ZEE NEWS, REPUBLIC BHARAT, INDIA TV and NEWS 18.
More than the leaders, these ordinary farmers are the real flag-bearers of Indian democracy today. They are the real heroes of the moment. Salute
We support Farmers from Bengal
I'm in small village in u.p and things like this aren't happening here i wish peace to all farmers community and my country 
Agar BJP UP election k time Bill wapas le le to Kya kissan vote BJP ko denge ????
The way Sunny Deol is portrayed, he can alone handle thousands of ppl but where is that rat hiding.. love for farmers 
BJP RULED VERY NEGATIVE EFFECTS UKHAD FEKHO BJP NA RAHE YOGI NA MODI
6. In Contract , private purchaser can amend price depending upon quality of produce.  Private purchaser is togive seeds, fertilisers , then in case yield is not as of excellent quality why right has given to Corporate to amend price?? Why farmer has to bear loss? 
Whatever it is but india is a first country who's helping everyone Bangladesh pakistan russia and now Afghanistan 
Sree Iyer sir, This decision is really a master stroke because now the PM announced that he will repeal the farm laws and he has to place the bill in the parliament to do that. Suppose the opposition did not allow the parliament to function with some pre text or the othe. That means the laws will not be repealed and the opposition and government blame each other for the impasse. Now tell me who is the bakra??
Farzi Kisaan neta  has been exposed badly now He is hiding behind farmers to save himself bolo ola hu uber
Well timed decision on repealing three farm laws.
Look who is taking about JHOOT...lolz..p.s- modiji sacche aap ho na toh 15 lakh dal dijiye khate me.
Basically the problem is from Commission Agents and not farmers.
It serves all farmers right. Now they can peacefully be dependent at the mercy of government subsidies and complain for next few decades that farmers are ignored and no steps are taken to improve their condition. Excellent game plan by farmer unions.
2)Consultation with farmers? - 
BJP Is blind with arrogance,  Yogi has messed up, Yogi should resign
Very good initiative... big media houses rarely showing this protest. Very proud of farmers conviction 
Zee news bas bjp ki liye news dekhata hai
Shekhar Gupta ji your explanation was very good, please join govt policy makers group and you explain it to farmers directly instead of Union agri minister
Farmers are always nature lovers and peaceful people they are strong enough to discuss why will they protest then especially when 80 percentage of India is farmers
For Modi nothing is above election.
BJP gang will called them anti National  and chargesheet will prepared under upa  this is the only bitter truth remain in india no democratic right no freedom ony modi ka gunda raj 
These protests have fizzled out. These farmers cant tell what is wrong with the laws except that they want the new laws taken back. These protests are by vested interests and only around Delhi by Punjabi and UP rich landlords. There are NO such protests in west, east or south India.
Waha Guru will help farmers
Punjab, Haryana and Western UP has strong Farmers lobby.....Whenever we talk about farmer's protest its them only.....so when did you see farmer of Odisha ever protesting.....Instead of questioning the intention of farmer....ask this Autocratic government.  Please maintain your impartial Face. Dont become part of Godi Media.
If the protection is concrete and gives absolute protection to favor the farmers then I will be very happy, because anyway the companies will have to do their trade and balance, so if they are into small trading business they will have to get through for survival in the market, this is where the very big companies like Reliance/Wallmart come because they could beat any market including mandi, because he could be initially buying the goods at the best price to keep the monopoly and crash all the big players to dept and then sell and buy the produce at the price he wishes later on to the future. 
We are with farmers.....jai kisan
Stand with the farmers of the india
# godi media ...why dont u identfy who was that man .....and show one program in his name .....rss gundas......
wow.. Put all the blame on farmers..couldn't even apologize properly..
No compromise, the government must repeal the three laws. Fortunately the majority of the country support the cause of India's farmers. Unfortunately there is no unifying Gandhi-like figure who can lead the protest and turn all the people against the government and force its hand, so the farmers will have to prolong the struggle.
But Im sorry to say that with regard to this video, you are as misinformed as our Indian farmers. The law will only help them earn more. The major advantage for the farmers is that farmers are loosing 12% of the revenue by selling their farm produces in Mandis. They are also not allowed to sell their produces outside the Mandis. The government is here to change that. 
Opposition reacting as if they have done good to farmers. Shame on Opposition for making Indian economy weak. See China how fast they are growing.
You call panjabi farmers actually they are landlords and poor from bihar do farming there
Justification of exploitation of brutal force today shouldn't be done by some separate incidents which have taken place in the past. Actions are necessary which can differ from situation to situation. Firstly, they can try to talk to the delegation of farmers. If the situation worsens they can warn them and use water cannons and tearing gas as the primary active resistance. If the situation worsens further, police can start a lathi charge. The administration should be more mindful of its actions.
Do you think only Punjab farmers has challenge of price in open market. What ever challenges she has raised it is true to all farmers across India. Therefore you need to change the current system and hence new policy
It's disappointing that the reformist law's have been repealed.Hope this are implemented in at least Bjp ruled states.
Good old days (a month back) when barricades was open and police was eating food from farmers protest...now it's like international boarder 
Why not said about mask in bjp election
These people are most educated in india. I have never seen these things by any political party after rally.They only give slogan of swach bharat
May Allah protect all you farmers I pray for you brothers!!!
Farm products are perishable so they need storage if correctly managed high fluctuations in prices of certain products in certain season can be managed which is currently big problem. 
Until I saw this video clarifying the Farm laws, I was totally confused as to what this ruckus is about. Thanks Amit uve put it in perspective. But the word selling for profit is not very apt. Can anyone SELL his/her product at less than or the same price at which they have bought ??? or spent to produce. Doesnt the Farmer/Producer add his margin and sell ?? Selling at extraordinarily high "MARGIN" is called profiteering, which the essential commodities act is supposed to control. But selling at a profit is what makes the business engine run, at every stage of its transfer of ownership.
For sake of farmers now it is important that you devise a political strategy for your campaign 
Thanks bro for supporting farmers
It's Humble request to farmers you please behave your Anger.. before taking any action please do Pray Bhagat Singh and WaheGuruji and then take action.. but not with weapons.. or Anger..
The point regarding the association of farmers has been made under the act where an agricultural group/society has been exempted from legal recognition under the documents that are subjected to Central Government. Whereas a trader has been subjected to have a permanent recognition under the govt. of India. 
Our India needs more reporter like you ravish sir  more power to you aap humesha aise hi sach ke sath khade rhe.
I can understand when they say son of a farmer as am one !
Farmer are protesting , PM and HM is busy at GHMC elections in Hyd....but still people vote them because people are
Ratkesh tiket bhawisyafal    up election 2022   .....00  seats
Good farmers
Proud to be a Indian......thanks to our PM modi to take brave decision 
FARMER'S  LIVELIHOOD DEPEND ON IT. (Majority Indian population)
Victory of 5 % farmers and loss for the rest 95% of Indian farmers
Yogi Ji shud made his own party
Godi media, showing Yogi advertising while showing farmer protest. Shame on you aj tak.
#supportfarmer #istandwithfarmers #nofarmersnofood
Study IQ terminate that last person who made video on farm bill
iam a farmer and i want to thanks Scoop whoop for covering actual footage of protest , dil to slaam .
Respects to all farmers who are no more.
I come from an India where Aaj Tak is considered as a news channel  I'm genuinely feeling bad for the gobarbhakts, they have to explain and justify the revocation of the three farm bills now, trolling mein aap sab "thodi maryada rakhiye" 
What wrong ? It is a public property not a private property of Modi, Ambani & Adani ? In Democracy people have the right to fight  with the Government for their demands ? If one person walk , talk like a dictator same the people of the country must reply ? Jai hind, jai Bharat, jai jawan jai kisaan.
Don't the farmers know what they doing? Within a few days, news media became experts in farm laws. Jai Kisan!
THE, WONDERFUL, MANANIY, PRIME, MINISTER, SHRI, NARENDRA, MODI, JI, 
There is MSP on most crops but farmers can only sell 2 crops on MSP right now. 
Sir I'm requesting you to please high light the issue and importance of uniform civil code and 2 child policy and not giving citizenship to any foreigners any more just to protect our country from these jihadis and external threat and to utilize the resources in sustainable ways this is a serious concern and hope you will convey the message to the government of india because media play a very strong role in nation's development.
Why the farmers from south india not protesting against these bills 
Now facsist Bjp government know about the strength of Farmers
What about farmers in rest of the states? Government should divide the procurement According to state population and distance from source. We get substandard rice and wheat in Kerala, if Minimum support price procurement is used in andhrapradesh or tamilnadu properly..we could eat something that comes through public distribution... not even chicken eats rise from public distribution. Monopoly should be stopped.
South indian is like other country to modi we did not get any benefits
Bro major respect to u for making videos on farmers . Millions of people hear you respect bro
State Government ( Punjab Congress ) have Take Tax in Agriculture collect from Punjab Dhaan Mandi . because of new rules and law Former can sell his foods to any market. that's all so State government losse Tax collection fund. it's not Modi Government fault. it's totally By Congress and by outsource Country like china they funded to it.  such a change into protest and make image in political issue. nothing related from farmers issue. ( Maharashtra and other state already run this new law. they have no problem with this new law because already law applied. if more details then read about properly.
I think Bills Were Good. Contract farming will help person's like me who are doing Job in Delhi despite having Farming Lands.
Make every drop of blood of my dear farmers who laid down their lives.Let not their supreme sacrifice go in vain. With the elections on January in UP the government has once again gone fast forward to act as a great one
They are no farmers.
The are not Kisan who give their work on contract to u.p.labour instead of doing work himself. U. P labour are real kisanon now. Who do not work are contractor,
Not one farmers from other states are protesting.
A few handful hooligans have hostage the interest of small farmers.
There should be a CTC on how many private brands procure from APMC above MSP or at MSP. Looks like the new laws would only legitimize procurement below MSP. How is it then farmer friendly ??
This bill is not about farmer but hits the middleman, who are the leaches in our system and have a very powerful lobby and opposition party supports.
I just want to thank you Sir for not being bias and bringing the truth for the viewer like us, as i was looking for this info on so many platform and everywhere i found out that either i have to be BJP or Congress supporter to listen their one sided argument, and i can't tolerate either of it ;)
We are farmer not terrorists
This is indeed a shashtanga Namaskar by Modi that was totally uncalled for...this is just political expediency masquerading as 'National Interest' coming as it does now and not on January 26th when our Tricolor was abused at Redfort ...If Anti Nationals and anti-social elements are trying to hijack the farmer's protest, the solution is to tackle it head on with all the might of the nation...Is India so powerless that it cannot enforce what was passed in the parliament?...or is it the spinelessness of the Modi government that has always allowed issues to go out of hand (Shahin bagh ,NRC/CAA, Land Reforms) rather than nip it in the bud by addressing it with proper articulation and dissemination of its programs ...Modi is letting down  people who placed their trust and hope in voting the BJP with a huge mandate...He cannot now expect a repeat of it unless he shows some mettle in walking the talk.
Yogendra Yadav is ex AAP MP having crores of property leading this rally or misleading poor farmers..Last time one of the AAP leader triggered riots in Delhi to curb his personal enemity..Now this guy and the way it happens in Delhi under AAP rule is a proof of something fishy
KYA AB FARMERS TALVAAR NAI MAAR SAKTA ??  UPLOAD A VIDEO OF YOU EXPLAINING ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED ON RDAY 2021 IF YOU HAVE THE GUTS
190 countries are speaking against Haryana government who did not allowed to farmers to go to Delhi Supreme Court has also said farmers have rights to do peaceful protest So farmers are doing peaceful protest You should go to meet farmers
I dont think the loss of election in West Bengal or possible loss in Punjab or anywhere in the country is the real reason for withdrawal of Farm Laws 
Modi brought the Farm laws to help the farmers. He then shelved it to reasons he knows best. Does that mean farmers need to stop using the best practices of selling to private players and run back to middlemen? No. Instead of berating Modi, make a list of items that were beneficial and ask CM of individual states to implement them using local laws. That's the only way silent majority will get their due.
Agri reforms acha tha but jese implement karna chahiye tha wese nhi kiya. 6 din me itna bada reforms nhi hota. Unko pehele farmers, agricultural economist and agricultural experts se baat karke reforms lao fir parliament me pass karo ye kya tarika hota hai.
Please share pdf link of farm bill 2020
You do not mention why the government has not been able to solve the problem of farmers for so long..
Hard to believe, after Assembly election, they may place the bill again. By the way, electoral bond's friends have to compensate this way or that way.
The analysis by Mr. Iyer  is not that correct regarding that there will be disturbance in Punjab. Modi has lot of intelligence inputs than us. He is master.
Please make a new video in current situation in indian farmers
I stand with modi I dont care about others I just listen to modi ji.
Not making msp an approved law and reducing the essential commodities list also tailoring the laws favoring only corporates is senseless. Government must address farmer's concerns, period.
Farmers should sell their grains to the public directly either physically or even online....only if they get their rate which should be twice the MSP.. All problem will be solved
I'm not giving any kind of biased opinion or anything but I have an genuine problem with is stuck into my head  I just want Priya mam to explain that if our Prime minister is giving a  guarantee of the protection of farmers by various laws ( he even said that he's going to ensure MSP) and also the lands are not going to get curbed by private companies then where is the actual problem??
Since the start of the protest more than 150 farmers died.
Ab unko kaha jaana nahi patha. Vo protests tho farmers ke favour mein hi nahi tha. Good decision. They will suffer and make all suffer.
Congress and AAP are just manipulating the farmers... threatening them they will become servants which is not true!!! MSP can never go! Farmers will prosper! They need to understand! Frankly govt does not have guts to do anything wrong with Punjab in particular...we Punjabis are always ready to fight and the govt fears the losses...India would loose a lot a money without punjab! of all punjab is dearest!
Same thing they have done for the abrogation of 370 Section, Modi it's a Government servant, he should be dealt with by all farmers singly.
If Indian governments increased the price for crops it increases the disposable income with in the country  as it is all ready a tiger economy and has an ever more  affluent population that could afford it this would turbo charge  its economy
RAKESH TIKAIT JINDABAD
Thank you BBC for put farmer voice
Yogi Adityanath should send them to Afghanistan and hope they will enjoy there instead of talking all rubbish sitting here in India.
SIKHS AND PUNJAB FARMERS WANT TO SEPARATE FROM INDIA NOW
Sikh Community ZINDABAD Love From Indian Occupied Kashmir Baramulla 
I'm from South, if subtitles is not given i would have definitely not watched but at the same time this content clearly made me understand the farmers prob n depth. Thank you #scoopwhoop_unscripted
Mai humesha apne doston se kehta hoon ki jo extremes dikhte hain, sach kahin un dono ke beech hota hai, farmers act me bhi ye sahi baat hai, thank you so much sir for this informative video. It brings clarity and save us from propaganda.
Unfortunately, the BBC reporter missed out the key reasons for withdrawing farmer laws. Yes, there is political mileage of this turn but more importantly confusions among farmers and misused by other political parties.
Farmers produce, grains that politicians eat every day.
3.	Tomato, onion and other vegetable prices are less than INR 5 /kg in our village, on the same day it will be more than INR 50 in Delhi. Sometimes farmers are not even harvesting their products to avoid losses (labor cost to harvest is higher than the selling cost).    
Delhi police puncturing tyres.... They are culprits... Then they label farmers as terrorists... Wah re India
It is very bad day for india..bjp is right
As a ex army officer . I would like to compliment the police forces involved in this shameful affair . I salute your perseverance , patience and dedication to duty ... .... It was sheer discipline and leadership that you did not open fire . I compliment the men and officers of the police force . I compliment the Governments masterstroke  in  allowing these mobs to vandalize the city . This brazen  display of crude hooliganism in media glare has ensured that this movement is over .I also invite the so called better trained police of the west in wake of the death of George Floyd to view the restraint of Indian police in much more challenging situations . 
Watch study iq/Dristi IAS videos regarding farm bills. This video grossly portrayed the one side (against government and farmer's, and for the side of middlemen).
If all are in favour of Farmers.. Dn why they are protesting!!! Plz kindly clearfy!!
So kids, this is how you bend the ego of a Magelomaniac Dictator by sacrificing lives in cold, hot, rainy weather, taking abuse by literal walking trolls, having called names Terrorists, Khalistanis, but still persistently fighting against all odds against the Authority, That's what Shaheed Bhagat Singh did years ago....He will be proud like all India including sanghis are secretly proud of you  Happy Guru purab
It directly shows how fragile is Indian Farming Industry and Government can't always keep pouring cash into these HOLY COWS , this is reality now a days INDIAN FARMERS have become more of a BURDEN and LIABILITY on government budget rather than supporting it.
and government should give MSP assurance(I know its not that simple).Then these whole bills will become really beneficial for farmers. And farmers will be directly connected to the market and middleman's role will get removed.
Farmers havent even read the rules they just come out to protestors
If it is good what prevented the Govt from taking farmer community into confidence before passing the bill, deviating parliamentary democracy? The matter is people of this country no more trust him because he has done many blunders like demonization, GST, abrupt lockdown and people also know his reforms means first pushing nationally important industries to distress and then handing over to his financers from Gujarat
Election h isi lie repeal hua or koi wajah nhi h
It's very sad. The reforms were needed. Vested interests have unfortunately won. I wish farmers could have understood that these laws were important for them only....
Farmers are essential for food production. India has over a billion citizens. Hire engineers to develop technology to decrease consumption of water for food production
There are 2 types of farmers: one who are angry youth and want Khalistan because someone surely provoked them. Others, who were mislead by these people. Real farmers dont really have time to protest.
Till yesterday there was US in the region supporting india... but  now india is alone between China Pakistan  n tal1ban n Bangladesh..... just keep your heads down minding your own business....no need to be emotional its the hard truth now... india isn't the strongest anymore in Asia... n USA is on other side of the globe... n don't forget Russia support to Pakistan....
When farmers were protesting peacefully for nearly two three months everybody ignored them but when they decided to go to Delhi trucks,buses and cement barricades were put in the middle of the road 
GARBAGE FARMERS... Vietnam rejects Indian rice as not fit for humans ... Punjab rejects new Farm Laws. Yet Pubjab allows  Kisans from Bihar to sell rice massively in Punjab. Amazingly most of the protesting Farmer Unions are Panjus, perhaps they do not know what is happening in their own backyard or they do not understand the new laws ...  the average Indian farm size is only 2.28 hectares, they do not have tractors. Tikhait is a Congress ally and failed in elections. Seems these farmers are only out to BLACKMAIL the country.
This is difference between Yogiji & RSS picked politicians. 
Sorry but this time I am against the farmers 
What BJP did if not politicising the issue by repealing only at the time of UP elections and not before?
Kangana route will be Embraced by the farmers Family who Died in this Protest, So Sad 700 Farmers  killed Afsoos Politics
Our people are nt aware that monopoly is nt good for consumers... Farmers are sitting in this cold bt fools are worried abt inconvenience.
Democracy literally means the government of people. If half of the majority are not happy with the act then take it back, that's all we are asking. Indian govt are really acting like a monarch smh
More than 60 percent of Indias 1.3 billion people still depend primarily on agriculture for their livelihood, though the sector accounts for only about 15 percent of the countrys economic output. 
Appreciation of modi ji governance in their style.
Farmers are 100% right. We live in democratic country. Single person will not decide whom to sell or not.
This conditions responsibilities totally goes on center government who doesn't solve farmar march since two month. Obviously formar bill not totally bad but some point shude be change Or correct by government
The one " lousy" state election which Iyer-Mitra refers to are actually two! In Punjab there is a need to support Amarinder to eliminate Congress in one more state and gain an ally in both houses of parliament. In U.P. there is a need to strengthen Adityanath in the long term interest of the country because U.P. is critical for 2024 and Adityanath may be a strong choice when Modi retires at age 75 as it seems likely. Other than that, there is the Khalistan agitation, supported by Pakistan and possibly China, that is raising it's ugly head. None of these threats, leave alone the bankrupt opposition with no constructive propositions to offer, existed at the time of Manmohan Singh. So with all due respect I propose that Iyer-Mita should hold his horses and think a little more before using his considerable standing as a journalist to express opinions that may harm in the long run.
Learn this lesson well. See the unity under one cause. In the tribalism that is breeding with the help of those who would divide you, when there comes a time to take control, the tribes must give up their divergent resolutions and find a cause for all their strength. They will respect a desire that's able to set in motion every heart. What desire can unify the divided. Find it, and make it your rallying cry. No farmers, no food. No me, no you.
In case of dispute btwn big corporates ans farmers over any issue farmer cant go to court directly and the issue will be solved by magistrate only who act according to even a local mla 
*Police fire cannons and tear gas, so farmers retaliate and pelt stones.
We respect the intention of modi government.But some acting farmers have problems. We know it. 
Not india is from bjp
He is not a poor farmer
 I am also the son of a farmer, so this pain is our own, if the farmer is not happy then it will be difficult to feed the whole world, first he committed many suicides, some debts were buried, he appealed to the state government  Oppose the decisions and understand the pain of their farmers and speak for their rights.  The media should also emphasize this.  Most of the farmers make a living by cultivating on a small plot of land, do not deprive them of their rights and oppose the decision of the government and so I request everyone that this uf
Haryana muncipal polls will decide if Farmer laws are designed to benefit BJP or farmers.
Upper west UP witness of new pakistan and khalistan muslim and sikh unity , dangerous for India, why hindu from outside avoid that area for business
Tapasya me nhi modi ji election aa rahe h double game khelna chahte ho
Also the mandi tax is a worthwhile revenue for state governments. Like Punjab gets no benefit like its immediate neighbours like J&K and Himachal get where the industries who set up shop in these states are given tax holidays by the central government and Haryana has SEZ around NCR. So more & more industries go to places like Baddi in Himachal where the taxes by centre are super low compared to any industry being set up just across in Punjab.
Godi Media..check your sources again,  Farmers in this protest are from every corner of India.  Since 2014 a farmer commits suicide every hour of every day, mainly punjab.  Educate yourself!!!
Where is Andhra Pradesh most farming in India . Jai farming
If you listen to him properly over the years then you can easily find out that he has always been of the view that "there is no military solution in Afghanistan" but at that time, so-called intellectuals of the western media didn't bother to listen. In fact, they ridiculed him as "Taliban Khan". But today all the countries including the US with all its arrogance and might have agreed to the same conclusion that "There is no military solution in Afghanistan."
Good work by farmers
Make more video to show whats happening at farmers protest Because no one else is showing the same,we have believe on YouTube media...
If it is good new agriculture system in India than why the Indian farmers angry Modi govt.?
So more and more people will get to know each and everything abouth these bills which godi media don't want us to know.
First of all, the mandi system is the reason why our farmers have suffered all these years. Contract Farming provides farmers with all the necessary  items required. The farmer receives high quality seeds from the company, moreover, a farmer can decide to break the contract at any given time. Even, before these bills were passed, PepsiCo had entered into agreements with several farmers in Punjab. No farmer had any problem with the private contractor. This new system provides farmers with a wide range of market price. Regarding, the essential co.modities bill, the initial act was brought in when the country had a deficiency of resources. Today, thanks to the Green revolution, India produces more than the sufficient requirement. This bill was previously preventing companies from purchasing goods in excess from the farmers to store it. The amendment changes that. Please don't spread fear among the people like this.
The Government should start a massive communication excirse involving role plays by actors, academics, experts, PR agencies etc at village level well covered in social media etc. Start from states like Gujarat, South India, Bihar, Orissa, North East etc. A massive massive excercise creatively projecting the benefits.
Beautiful explanation and analysis. I generally do not subscribe to channels but here I went out of my way to do so because channels like yours need to be supported. I also have a wish. The 2008 housing market collapse (and the subsequent global financial crisis) is a big topic and there has been a beautiful film on it, called THE BIG SHORT. But I have always found it extremely difficult to understand clearly. There are quite a lot of YT videos trying to explain it but they really do not help much. I think you should give it a try and make a video on it because I think that you have a flair for breaking down things and explaining them very precisely. Thank you.
first of all ,, msp apne aap hi khatam ho jaega !! read these bills there is no mention of msp ,, now govt. is saying ki msp toh kabhi tha hi nahi rule and farmers are saying ki aap bana do ,, hume likhit me dedo !!but govt. ye nahi bol rahi
Taliban terrorists or fighters 
Now no farmer will commit suicide 
If these farmer leaders go back without MSP law then they will be declared Traitors of farmers in future ... that should be clear to all .... Mukadmey and other issues are very small issues of not much relevance
Please support farmers they just want justice
The Taliban can't be defated by firepower bcoz it is not a homogeneous entity like an army , moreover huge no. of Afghan locals support Taliban!....The U.S could have easily defeated Taliban  if they wanted but they won't do so bcoz terrorism is a business , if there is no terrorism then  the defence companies will shut down!
Ye kisaan nahi ye terrorist hai,ispe army action lana chahiye
APMC ACTS ALREADY DISMENTELED BY MR NITISH KUMAR CM AND THE SAME RULES IMPLEMENTED BY MR MODI PM OF INDIA. 
Aaj tak is a reputed channel and they should not invite fool people like rakesh tikait , iski baato me koi logic nahi hota hai. Kisano ke liye govt kuch aacha kare to isko prob , aur nahi kare to bhi isko prob ..
Didn't govt said like a million times that they are ready to ensure msp and are even ready to give it to the farmers in writing...
Now it's a tricky situation. From past months whole BJP machinery tried to justify these laws now it's Boss repealed them.
Salute to the Farmers
Farmer zindabad pls  I request all farmer pls don't trust this man he his  a big lier Now he know BJP will b no more in country
So these areas are impacted more.  But because apmc mandi and infrastructure  these farmers are also the highest paid in India. The states in punjab and haraya have done well to build infrastructure and support farmers.  Instead of giving other states the same you want to take out away from the states where is working well or better.  
China and India's military both made frontpage headlines in every country recently. China - Hypersonic missiles defying physics maneuverable unstoppable, evade all tracking radars. India - Helicopter crash with literally every important military personnel. Most senior commander, captain, general, officers, chief, squadron leader all onboard.
Very nice brother, kisaan Ekta Zindabad 
So all these years when the BJP was in alliance with SAD in Punjab, and in alliance with PDP in Kashmir , it was 'sab changa si'. Now that Modi and Shahs incompetence and megalomania is starting to balloon into an all round threat to the nation, bhakts don't know ki 'kahan sey saans ley aur kahan sey paadey'
today in place where INDIAN flag is hosted I CAN'T EXPECT ANY OTHER FLAG. it was ridiculous (Shame on TRACTOR RALLY). Today Voilence Will securely affect INTERNATIONAL POLITICS (UNO,UNSC).
Like most Punjabi Hindus from a pind, my family does farming and we vote BJP more so than Congress lately (grandfather time period and beyond used to be strong Congress supporters. No other choice.). My family is active at local level in Panchayat and also at the protests. Political affiliation does not come before your livelihood and the wellbeing of your people. The idea that only Sikhs are going to the protests is all media propaganda. Sikh is 57% of Punjab; rest is Hindu. Haryana is also mostly Hindu and 5% Sikh. The protests are overwhelmingly Hindu, but media will only show Sikhs wearing dastar to make rest of India buy into this "otherism." This is not a religious issue; its a livelihood issue. Only people who are farmers and come from these families understand how it is going to impact us now and in the future, whether they are Hindu, Sikh, Muslim, etc Punjabi's or Haryanvi's. People in the city won't understand and they have proved it.
Who give permission to rally our Republic day  ?  modi government is west  
I always support farmers.But this 60 days protest was conduct by brokers.All state farmers are already told about these brokers 
2. APMC in Punjab are plays main supporting role in procurement by FCI. He does not procure foodgrains from farmers. He only provide space and facilities for procurement. In Punjab and Haryana, APMC are well structured and well governed. Because of this, farmers easily sell their produce to the FCI without any problem (e.g. Unloading, cleaning, bagging and loading of foodgrains). But this system is not so developed in Uttar Pradesh. Thus, farmers faces many procedure and steps to sell their produce to the FCI. But not all the farmers of UP bears this lengthy process and most of them are not even aware of government purchases. So, they sell their produce to private players at very disappointed price.
US doing two face work , at the same time they are helping pakistan to help taliban and on the other side they are helping afghan forces . its so confusing? When this will end . if u cant bring peace in my country than dont help our enemies too . so our own force can bring peace.
First she says no debate on law but in video's she sided by farmer... Mam here both side... Be a journalist
India had invested a few billions into that country which has gone up in smokes  ,  only if they had invested hard earned tax payer money on the Indian ppl. And state . 
Wait what farmers vs army what is going 
Why aren't you talking about police being beaten, and forced to jump into gutter, if police had taken strict actions, you would have said police is beating poor farmers, that's why they became violent
its RG and PG stand with farmers till the last minute
Kisans may have problems with the govt...but simple thing very straight forwardly closing borders is not good and Delhi govt on one hand is against pollution but on other hand supporting tractor rally may increase pollution and congestion....rally could have been avoided....
Good it's better all the police across the country become shameless... We need to clear the roads blocked by those calling themselves farmers when they aren't...
I apologize to thr nation we were not able to explain the farm laws to the farmers All 3 laws will be repeated. PM modi
This Rakesh tikait is anti india estiblishment...
The Irony...(Prof.)Modi who wrote a book "exam warriors " to help students from exam.fear failed to convince the farmers of benefits of reforms!
When 70+ years old farmers are suffering in cold, getting randomly arrested, dying, just because they don't want what the govt wants to give them, don't you think calling the "politics" around farm protests "FUN", is a little too harsh?? 
One correction Meghnaad. Kangana Ranaut called CAA protestors terrorists. Not farmers.
Sikh community always scarifies for country and this time govt came on backfoot for our farmers brother.
Now All Farmers will Vote for BJP 
Good Job..wish others have minimum maturity to understand about farmers but no happy with TEA..
Papu n Kejruddin wanted to use farmers protest to win 2024 elections.
Reforms are needed to diversify crops, to increase income of farmers without increasing burden on consumers.. but there was nothing in these laws. These economists should tell if it is possible without subsidies otherwise they should shut their mouths
You are not completely correct, Akash. Protesting does work, but not if you are part of a certain minority community. The farm leaders were not jailed. Those who spoke in their support were not jailed and charged with sedition. Look at what happened during the CAA protests. Had it not been for Covid, many of them would have been killed or in jail. The leaders of the anti-CAA movement are in jail charged with sedition with no hope or discussion from the liberals to release them on bail. There are indeed two Indias, one for the minorities and one for the majority.
Support the farmers, and chase those idiot politicians
The truth is India is ungovernable from the center. There needs to be delegation of as many powers to states as possible so that some of the more reform minded states like Telangana, Tamil Nad or Gujarat can move ahead and leave the laggards like Punjab or Kerala  or UP to their fate.  If Tamil Nadu or Gujarat was a county by itself it could in a decade be a high middle income country.
80% of people in haryana and Punjab are aggressive.
Punjab and UP elections aa rahe hai, isliye Feku darr gaya  aur kaaley kaanoon wapas le liya . Congratulations to all farmers.
GYAAA AB TO CHAYE BECH KAAA TARIKA APNAO MODI JI
I really pity the innocent Afghan people and the youth. They are not at fault in any of this, still the Taliban extremists force their values on them, its good that Afghan people are standing out against the atrocities of Taliban, i also really pity the Afghan forces as they don't have enough equipment to defend themselves, i would love if the Afghan youth comes to India for a better future and their safety. The Taliban is ruining a whole generation by dragging them into religious conflicts, can't we all just live like a family? I have many Afghan friends who study with me in our college, their stories of Hardships really makes me feel proud of myself, proud of being an Indian citizen.
After repealing farm bill , many youtubers, tool kiters, opposition, so called farmers going to face severe shortage of foreign funding.
Simplified many people see farmers as a lower cast they believe karma has forced them to live in bad conditions it says their past life has made them live like this.
Why only farmers from punjab and haryana are protesting??
Yes mr modi you are right, this law's is biggest key of bjp party corporate fund.
Shame on people who still support bjp
No farmers no food !!! Thank you god for this win.
Those are farmers not terrorists
Well let's hope that pakistani taliban also breaks the chain of slavery.
What will change for farmers , nothing .  Farmers can enjoy gulami of mediators.
Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and UAE are the always being supportive to Taliban. 
Ashman jhukta nahin hai lekin kisano ne kar dikhaya. Well done farmers protesters. Farmers r the real power and back bone of our country.
Why non farming population should worry? New laws will create massive unemployment and internal security problems. Above all corporations will become too big and too significant for any future Govt to do course correction not only in farming but in consumer market as well since these corporations will have end to end monopoly. In future Govt's primary function would be to put out fires with army and paramilitary forces because neighboring countries will create internal security problems by exploiting frustrated and ignored sections of society. Foreign Investment will not only cease but run out in such environment except aggressive exploiters like Vedanta, Adani, United Fruits etc. There will be two types of Indians, one living comfortably in tight security zones and one living miserably trying to save their skin from these 'Zaildars" of 'East India Company' group.
If you kick them in ballot they will fall  over on farmers law...such a nice kick... I like it Indian voters...
Definition of APMC , please do.also.get ground report of what actually goes on this Mandi markets and how poor  farmers are exploited by so called "state representative"
Onesided news both side violence were happen.....and also farmer died...
Great Episode Mr Shekhar, if farmers watch this, it would definitely open there eyes blinded by dirty politicians like one. Mr AKJ...
KISSAN AKTA JINDABAD  SPESAL THANKS BBC NEWS CHANNEL DA JIS NA ASLI KISSAN ANDOLAN BARA WORLD NU DASYA  godi media de reess ne kite  THANKS BBC
The protesting "farmers" attacked their car , to get away from them all of this happened. The protesters caught them and killed 3 bjp workers and 1 driver.
Journalist ho k aajtak wale to ye common sense use Kar saktey hai ??par Godi media sab nikley huey
Joy farmers longlive farmers
Love you Rahul Gandhi Or Ravi Kishan from azad Kashmir  full support to Rahul Gandhi 
India not a country but a home of all the people. In our home not a two or three member but 130 crore family members. If in this two brother fight each other, that's a very miserable situation. In this any one is not responsible but all are responsible government , defence, or even farmer. But situation become better form not by the any one but govt, police, and farmer collaborate and understand the situation. 
As much as the state sponsored Indian mainstream media tries to ignore or defame this true people's struggle , it's potential takes it across all borders and oceans . Thanks to vice for covering this event as it deserves every bit of attention ..
Indians living all over the world want justice for farmers. What breaks my heart is that PM Modi has not once acknowledged the agitation of farmers!!! How can the PM show such a indifference? How can he ignore the agitation going on for months ??? Its just unbelievable.
I am not saying farm bills are bad but given the implementation record of our government, as seen with GST, demonetisation, 370 etc i am not sure it will benefit farmers more than corporates in near future. Besides govt is not ready to guarantee MSP in writing.  These bills are far better for big educated farmers who understand market,law,can read fine prints of comtracts (like Kerala) than marginal ones who comprise almost 80% of farmers.
There is nothing like farmers protest .. few idiots want to become neta thts all
Oh really if the market price is Rs 10 and the contract was agreed upon Rs 20. By this example you can literally showcase that the farmer will get the benefit. But what if the marekt price turns into Rs 30 and the contract was on Rs 20 in that case farmer ko loss ni hoga kya ???? This is regarding the example you gave at 3:50 sec video time.
If really government wants to work for farmers then should work on old bill loop poles i.e. traders license Mafia culture should be stopped and so on and should not remove the MSP
Government should not buckle down under any circumstances to farm bill reforms.
2. Government has limited fixed allotted money to buy produce from farmers at price fixed by government. So rest produce is purchased by middlemen at much lower price.
IMHO, Mr. Modi should have addressed those sitting on dharna and explained the root cause of bringing the laws and how they benefit all. IMHO, he made a huge mistake by not addressing them timely..repealing the laws now is harakiri for India.
The tragedy of our country is that majority of city youth are unaffected by the ground realities of the country. #SupportFarmers
Why did not cancel  kishan bills?
Farm law may come back after election
Rakesh tikait is brave, intellectual and straightforward personality.
This is not victory of Indian farmers it's a win of Congress and co Dallas
 Long before Modi became the Prime Minister, India had already taken the initiatives for Chandrayan, Mangalyan, GSLV, Mono Rail, Nuclear Sub-Marine, Agni Missile, Chetak, MIG, Arjun Tank, Sukhoi, Dhanush, etc.
This is Indias margaret thatcher moments ,  its times to make farming sectors of India self reliant like others sectors,
Somehow I seriously cannot accept any negative comments on Modi. I think he would had thought enough on each scenario. The way they tackled 370 abrogation is nothing when compared with Farm bill. 
these are very small portion of farmers in which u can see alot of khalistani and shaaheen bagh muslims. clearly it is politically motivated.
All of our other sectors have negative growth so we can't shift farmers to any other sectors in these uncertain times when people are already losing jobs and our economy is shit thanks to Modi
Every citizen must wake up now, otherwise its going to b too late, farmers r going to survive with these draconian laws but other public is not. Farmers have land they can easily grow there own food, but when there is no mandi, no roadside shop, no rehdi then u all have to go to adanis mall like farm-pic then they r going to charge to 1000 Rs/kg for sabji like gobhi,louki etc. Whoever doesnt believe this can go to ambani/adanis mall & check there price, its happening now when u have rehdi, road side shops, imagine when all these going to shut down. Couple of more laws is coming in next session where farmers need special permit from center govt & pollution board to sell even 1 liter milk,
Quality of produce will be improved. In the MSP mechanism there is no differentiation  in quality while procurement. This made farmers not bother about the quality, they are forced to grow high yielding mediocre quality rice and wheat.
Not 70%...85% farmers r small scale famers
We are what economists would call a 'low trust society', the farmers protest is largely a trust issue. The people don't trust the central gvt to have their back due to policy debacles in the past. So now that they have come with a beneficial scheme they are not appreciated for it.
Reliance want to buy directly... So that minimize the middle man..... It never giv farmers a solution.... Instead giving option to Reliance to buy from everywhere...... Opportunitic business
Special rules for these cartel ....he has to stay in power to make sure his son gets off through agencies under his control....Rai shame on you to support criminals you are talking rubbish...
*Sukhbir Agro of Sukhbir had an income of at least 5000 crores annually. He was the commission agent between FCI and farmers. His company used to get 2.5% commission. All the warehouses belonged to him.* *No farmer could sell a ton of wheat to the FCI without the tag of Sukhbir Agro.*
A victory to Humanity who could see Mr Modi was working for company profits with an agenda
This is a game they are playing for upcoming elections in up ,punjab ,haryana..
Farmers are LIFE-GIVING Communities, they are very productive members of the family.
In ministers ko farmer death dikh rha bjp workers ka nhi bhenchod ministers .
This man himself was blaming government that this government is very slow in taking decision on privatization and other reforms and now he is blaming Modi for moving too fast on farm laws and didn't discuss with all 50 crores farmers
The farmer is the giver of joy ... the farmer is alive, he will live.
*Those who are not farmers were supporting farm laws without even reading it.*
and farmer has to pay 8.5 percent fees( 3% to market yard improvement, 3% to district
Hope the Protests sustain till elections to ensure the BJP can't bring the bill back.
BJP were continuously losing state elections and for  the first time they were scared !
Thanks on making this video on India's farmers protect it help our democracy but I was not sure you  had the full picture about these protest out of 29 state only 2 state farmers are protesting so the question is why rest of 27 states farmers are not protesting. So I hope you will have some ethics in yourself and find out the reason and make more informative video next time thanks and you should read some of comments which tell you the story from both sides.
I am an eye witness to this incident which took place at singhu Border. People who pelted stones at farmers were not local people. They were RSS people who pelted stones at farmers with support from police. I overheard few of them saying that no one will take the name of their organisation and will pretend as local people. The matter of the fact is that local people are providing basic facilities like water, sanitation etc. to protesting farmers since the beginning. A sikh farmer tried to resist the RSS people when he was dragged by Delhi police and started beating the sikh farmer mercilessly along with RSS goons. Police provided no protection to the protesting farmers and in fact gave full leverage to RSS people for pelting stones at farmers. Most of the farmers stood with joined hands requesting these goons to stop pelting of stones. But they continued to pelt stones in the presence of Delhi police. At last, the police shot tear gas not on the RSS people but on the tents of the protesting farmers. Dirty politics is being played by the goverment to defame farmer protest. I could see Sikh farmers holding Indian Flag with so much respect and dignity. Now I feel that whatever happened at Red Fort on Jan 26, it was planned by the goverment. The sikh farmer was beaten so badly that I had to close my eyes. I was neither in favour nor against the farmer protest, but after witnessing this incident with my own eyes, I have my full support and solidarity for these innocent farmers. I salute to their patience.
Repealing the 3 laws clearly points out to the fact that the government has succumbed to political pressure, vote Bank looking at the state elections but it is definitely not a good precedence as other laws like CAA and 370 await the same outcome which indeed will further fuel andolans,dharnas,blocking roads creating nuisance  in the name of resistance ..We  can't afford this to be a norm.
Farmers: for the next one year produce only what you need for your family, nothing extra to sell. We will see these educated city based bhakts who is now supporting attacks against farmers, will come crying for you help.
In our telangana state govt directly purchase from farmers 90% of state crops on MSP also gives free insurance of rs 5 lakh free electricity rs 1000 per acre investment
GOD bless you and your family farmers
Do u know why farmers from Punjab are agitating n bill is not applicable in punjab
1. farming practices in Punjab are redundant and highly exloitive in nature. This is further aggrevated by free electricity and lack of punishments on stuble burning. 
You are right Ansari ji no one talking on what they said outsiders what is it means he is danger for our national integrity and federal system. Whole india is ours.  Every body wants and support rakesh politics. But he is against harmony and claim rioters are others. What he has done on 15 August never talk.
Once again proved modi is election jeevi 
This gone far enough we need proper  answer  and we support farmers  we need to step up as a citizen enough  is enough
elected in  assembly election of Punjab  .
Modi ji great pm in the world
BJP is totally against villagers and kisans. Thus it is anti-national government. . MSP is the source which will stranghten economy.
As a Gujarati I would say just wait and watch for next step of Modiji. Stay Believed in Modi.
The real answer is that Small farmers should be united in several FPO's( Farmers Producers Organization) which will help them to increase their bargaining power and eventually lead to prosperity.
Yogi manifesto for Education (Hindu and Muslim) Yogi manifesto for Economy (India and Pakistan) Yogi Manifesto for Jobs (Religious fighting) Yogi manifesto for Healthcare ( Mandir and Masjid) Modi and Yogi finish our country 
Fact: Income of farmer has increased 19 percent since independence while income of MP has increased by 280 percent
More then 76 '/. Indians  have  trust on you... Carry on Modiji. Great leader of India.
Farmer sowed seed, God Jesus n bible is a seed of god's word satisfied ur soul by His death n ressurrection. C 'Bible' in google!!!..
Making the farmer suffered is like torturing your own stomach .
Secondly a goverment body to assure hassel free process between farmers and buyers..
Farmers please dont cast your votes to BJP as so many farmers died and suffered alot 
PLEASE  STAY NEAR POWERFUL PEOPLE. THEY ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR LAW'S, POLICIES, LEGISLATURE. FULL SUPPORT TO FARMERS.
Ek tho yeh farmers kum astrologer zyada hai
Farmers can still sell in APMC. I think until a bill is proposed to remove APMC there is no need for the protest. One cant protest based on speculation.
Yes India 60 to 70%  population directly and indirectly are framer so no government can stand when even 50% farmer agianst government so we can say that they are nit farmers they are political workers of opposition
I came here to watch a video about what Farmers are protesting for but instead I got to know how Modi ji killed INC  I guess only 10% of your video was informative.
legendary ravish on border  one of the best prime time . After 100,200 years people will see ndtv and Ravish to see what was happened with farmers
During the start of the Green revolution the Punjab farmers participated and from then on large number of mandis got created in order to procure and store food grains so that our country does not go in hunger.
Amrinder offertunist jai kissan farmers never forget atrocities muted on farmers abuses forcing loose police goons etc dont forget bros
Why this law was the problem only for Punjab farmers?
6 lakh Tractor Rally Goals : 
Zee news to modi media hey
Who will be held responsible for Suicide of Farmers in Maharashtra and Karnataka ?
I proud to be our farmers and ravish Kumar sir
GNT, is Godi Media. Please dont call them on Lallantop
Because we have example of ITC which procures directly from farmers
No Farmers No Food!
Mass civilization  in India is  very  poor.  Though Farmers  Bill  is inevitable  for our  country . only  5% population  those in advantage  group in society  opposed the  Bill. It is temporary  withdrawal.  But
tomorrow Modi-shah India will say opposition leaders can not address political/election rallies , it will will be done in name of maintaining peace
*Demolition Adhani storages which builds during farmers movement*
8:34 MSP assurance is there sir but are the farmers getting MSP in the mandi. You only mentioned that around 94 percent farmers are not benefited by MSP. First of all the govermnment should take steps to assure MSP to all the farmers [not only farmers of few states].
1 farmer how much time/how much field /how much labor /how much investment to get 2000kg of rice.....
I really feel sad for the us uneducated Indians... They should project such videos among farmers in Hindi.. Govt policies are decent sometimes, but they do not do a good job of communicating them.. unfortunately opposition does more negative communication than the ruling government...
Indian farmers speaking English, no one said ever
And why would any farmer stay antil their need in their farms? Why will they remain wasting their time in protests during their Sowing and Harvesting season. No farmers who would actually be suffering would wait for so long for any purpose during their Sowing and Harvesting season. Starting from 9th August and continued for 7 months and 2 days. Can any farmer stay for so long. No they can't. Then who are these? They are the fake farmers or Not an Indian. Because no Indian would create Chaos on the Republic Day of his/her country India!
If Rakesh Tiket has fooled poor farmers and helped middle man .. he has done biggest sin ..
Oh my god! Do they even listen to what they are saying? Because APMCs( who are keeping farmers in perpetual poverty) will have to compete with new commers, farmers are protesting it seems. Blatant propaganda
Watched this after repealing of the Farm laws!! Laughing my ass off!!
I'm not watching tv at all especially im talking about those who are criticising the godi media they would also not watch tv otherwise they reflect their hypocrisy.
The United Nations must intervene and sanction Modi for not listening to the farmers !
Now, the Govt should withdraw the farmers Bill. They are not able to understand the benefits of this bill for them. So let them suffer at the hands of the middleman who used to make money by different loopholes. It's sad but this is truth and now this bill has to be struck null and void.
Don't call them farmers, they aren't. Actual farmers like me are abiding laws especially the new farm laws.
It's the middlemen instigated protests along with some farmers unions. The Farmers would be benefitted , let them experieince the new laws for a season or two, then they would understand.
u know what pm sahab ist tym m listeining u coz of farmers.
Congrats farmers. 
Very disappointing that Rich farmers of Punjab who don't give a rupee of tax and take hundreds of benefits like - urea subsidy , fertilizer subsidy forced govt to move back on a progressive law. No option for govt when there is competitive populism. The unbelievable amount of competitive populisim which is going on in Bengal , Delhi etc. in long run does no good. i am myself from Bengal and ashamed of the ruthless populist measures taken by local govt just for vote bank which does no good in long run.
After repealing of farms laws 
Yogendra Yadav says that farmers are already allowed to sell products to private traders. They also showed the fact that 94% of farmers are already selling their products to private traders. Now, how come all of sudden the data will be gone? I think that is a BS argument.
What is market price ? Modi should explain how a farmer can fix price for his produce using these laws ..
Pls keep posting videos covering farmer's protest. 
Good Awareness creating talk and Service No Channels whether foreign or Indian can disturb India.  Conspiracy against India exposed . Money Power Politics. Vibrant Alert New India , The Bharath is land of Karmayog and is the powerhouse for the world peace, prosperity and growth. Jai JawanJai Indian PM Modi Ji Jai Hind 
we support farmers...long live farmers
Thirdly, there is no bar on farmers to sell his crop anywhere in India. Practically it is the trader who can buy more quantity of crops and sell it in other states
Keep supporting our farmers  
Only the farmers & Soldiers can face all these hardships with a smile. God bless them. Jai Kissan Jai Jawan
I was wondering how farmers got the permission for tractor rally that too on republic day.... I knew that something was fishy
Not only deep sandhu all punjabi industry,  Punjab 'se doctors, lawyer's, shopkeeper etc all are supporting farmers and deep sandhu is not a leader of protest, there are  main 34 or 35 kisaan parties who lead the protest 
Give small , medium farmers direct cash transfer instead.
Anti-nationals, Pakistan, terrorists and of course opposition are very happy today... What they wanted are happened today
All indian media they were showing whatever government wanted to show. No matter what you do truth will come forward always. Police and other people started violence, farmers were protesting peacefully. We support farmers.
But only few crops around 20 comes under msp so you cannot generalize and only around 6% of farmers sell at msp. Can you shed light on that. And how it is different from ENAM
I knew those are illiterate become farmer and now I knew idiots are are also become farmers.
Bill ke ane se pahle sare kishan amir the , pichle do sal se suicide kar rahe hai or garib ho gaye, or ab jab kanun hat gayi to sayad fir se kishan amir ho jayega or fale fulega.....
India is an agriculture country, most of the people even before Independence happened, earn their livelihood through farming, we get most of our foods because of farmers. After seeing all this Gandhiji would be disappointed
Just listen 27 January farmers live speech on stage and you will know how good and Indian they're but government and politics is the more than worst
India has lost its military training camps in Afghanistan against Pakistan and the chances as well  to launch more and more terrorists like Kalbhoshan Yadive by using Afghan soil 
Ab Jao we Indians are dying in hunger please farmers you didnt want the law to implement now see PM is now scared 
BJP needed Arun Jaitley in this case.He had the ability to realize the impulse of Punjab.
Shame Shame Shame on Indian media for this kind of reporting, not a single word is true.
No battle is lost in politics it can change any time.But we need reforms where every farmer will be benefit.
55 days of kisaan strike ,sitting in chilling cold with their families it's high time that central govt should listen to farmers mann ki baat and scrap 3 farm bills!
I think the quick and potentially a winning gambit for Modi Govt would be to declare that the farm laws would not be comp lsorily thrust on states. It would be upto the states to take a decision on their implementation, thereby not only shifting the focus away from the central Govt but also paving the way for some states to lead the way by implementing the laws and reap the benefits leaving the others behind, forcing the latter to mend their ways. When the entire farm protests are led by a narrow fringe belonging to only 2 states, such an outcome could easily be envisaged.
Support for farmers from Kashmir ....
The Indian farmers are treated well  by the BJP and co .
Breaking the skull of farmers is like break the skull of your father who toils for you the people are watching you...
If after all these things some people still support modi govt then i don't really think these guys will ever understand..they're just too deaf and blinded by toxicity ! Andhbhakt for a reason
Listen to intellectuals,listen to economists.Repealing of farm laws would only benefit big farmers and arhatiyas.Small farmers and consumers need farm laws like these.This is a bad news.People are celebrating as they got lollipop back and won't have to eat spinach anymore.
MrModi exactly knows why he withdrew the farm laws 
Consumers benefit because large organized retailers an directly procure from farmers eliminating middle men.This will reduce 20-30% costs at consumer level.
Only Three state or protest,,,  under states supporting why return this three farm  laws .all his election effect
Shame on you man. Atleast have some self respect. Firstly you humiliate farmers death and now saying your statement was manipulated. Matlab muh se kya nikal rha wo khud ko e ni pta chl rha. At wht ground your party claiming in Parliament that you are in favour of farmers.? 
Modi ji is planning 5000 people gathering in Varanasi and farmers would like to protest in Delhi . Everyone is busy inviting covid to their homes . The end is near 
This bjp supporter is stating that a person is innocent till proven guilty. I agree entirely. Why were the hindutva forces treating Kanhaiya Kumar as a guilty person? These intelligence challenged persons are best ignored except that they are hurting the nation and their anti national activities need to be opposed on all platforms.
That's why weaker section remains weaker section. When it seems that something good is going to happen to farmers few stupid people makes the things worst and they want farmers remained a weaker section .
2. USA funded Taliban against USSR and India.
we support farmers
Modi's govt open loot.  What happened to India's welfare state??
Because after they reach Delhi it will be headline around the world and other countries will know how farmers are treated in our country
Its Minimum support price ....maam ,, I think :)
Very barbarism against farmer and Labour as both come under new labour law and total control agenda of new Metternich2.0 of2020 ,when contract farming is propagated in developing countries then farmer is consider as labour only and all Labour laws and criminal acts will applies on both easily hence the common man, only filmstars, media, religious authority, and ministers are the exception and will feed on the hard work and labour of common public, this will be proved as end of democracy system in next five years only, this will not be a proven system as it only a devil's rule over humanity not liked by nature and against the law of Nature and harmony of mankind specialy poor and weakers, very sad
You have failed in reporting the situation in its entirety. You should have also included what would be the situation under new law. To what extent it would change and effect the farmers from those both state's.
What about Tikaits property?.... Is he really a very poor farmer agitating for other poor farmers of specific region?
The running system was doing good for the farmers. There was no need of these farm bills which the govt is imposing forcefully 
Give what farmers want then wait for 10 years. 
Always be together brothers  punjab and haryana you guys are real power if you are together
Modi being a farmerlike himself had forgotten the plight of farmers after occupying the highest office in the country. It's unfortunate.
Support to farmers from pakistan 
You maybe a farmer , a teacher , etc... but if you defame the Tricolor , you have no support of mine or any true Indian...
I think the gyan chodne wale people in the comments should stop as farmers are no joke that they have spent more than one year in the protest
We farmers from Maharashtra fully support farmers bill .... 
*Farmers going on a fast for a day* 
False law was made to remove minimum support price and the bill was passed in hurry , no one is talking about corruption.
I and all the people, who came from farmers family, understand the position of farmers
Well, above all I would like to draw a parallel here, however irrelevant it may sound, but I think it's the way forward. Remember when we speak about removing Brahminical hegemony from the society we praise the burning of Manusmriti in public, which doesn't mean every letter & word written over there cannot be morally co-opted in a modern age, but because it has resulted in a hegemonic tool for a particular class to opress many others by controlling the narrative & run it accordingly, that's why what ambedkar did, most logical Indians today find it necessary & are behind him. 
They give more empowerment to farmers without taking away anything from them.
I would have loved to find out how this impacts the other farmers - not just from the north indian states. For example, in my hometown, the farmers sell coconuts to the co-operative societies and they get paid around Rs.10 per coconut while it is sold for Rs.35 each here in the cities.The pricing is even worse for vegetables. All of this while they are plagued with issues like no labour, no water, floods. Obviously I can't rely on the regional media right now, because we are having our own drugs mafia episodes going around to cover up whatever it is that is happening here.
Irresponsible Godi media & its News papers may be boycott too by all kissan families.
We support farmers 
1. Mandis are a cesspool of middlemen and brokers who suck the life out of small farmers.
I am don't understanding that the only farmers of haryana and Punjab protesting
Anybody still in doubt that they are not farmers????
Start of new suicide era for small farmers with force of mandi
point..who will benefit from this disturbance..it was just to derail kisani andolan...pls tell who like to sleep at roads if they have thier houses.. the things which have happaend on republic day is very distressing... but who are responsible for provoking this... As  govt is more responsible because they not setteled the matter..  As their were 10 lakh around people in tractor trolley only 5000 peole went to red fort who ..99.9% person followed the predetermined route they how can we blame all as dangaaee... even though they have set example how to remain peaceful for months even when you gathered in lakhs.. govt is intentionaly not listening people because of thier hidden agenda..For nation reputation govt should solve this matter positively at very earlist.
Jo 800 per quintals wheat buy kar rhe hai wo systematic exploiters hai aur inn law k baad farmers ko government aur exploiters ke alwa 3 rd option mil rha hai.   After seeing this video I accept education does not matter in politics because most educated CM is also trying cheap tricks.
Where is Kumar and tell you all people are thousand percent perfect Kisan Must start playing games ravish Kumar you are right then honourable Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will have a talk with them and he invited them on event also video calling also
Logo ko bhulna nhi chahiye ...15 August k din indian flag ka disrespect kiya gya tha ...kishan o k bich khalistani to ghuse the ye bat to confirm h ...dono taraf se bohot kuch hua ..ek trf bolk labh nhii
Too bad some bad ass took the farmers for a ride..
Support from the U.K. well done. Stand up to the oppressive and fascist Modi dictatorship.
I will not say that the laws are 100% right..yes there are loopholes for which govt has to work..but what about the other side of the coin? The laws literally open markets and give farmers many chances
I think that if all the stars align that farmers can earn 22k dollars yearly
90% Youngster From Farmers Family, its our duty to spport  and Fight for farmers future......
Like me  if u love  Modi ji as a Best Motivational speaker n as well as best comedian.
It's Modi's plan to create another Monsanto in India.
What a charismatic leader, he told the Americans years ago how to deal with Afghanistan and they didn't listen now the US, NATO and India had to leave Afghanistan in such a disgraceful way. If they listened they would have been saved from from running away like that. Imran Khan is absolutely right,  Taliban took over the whole of Afghanistan with the help of negotiation not by fighting, thats why he is praising them.
Seriously Modi brought India into hell.
Dhruv Bhai this is a very slow   eatting process of our country....ye tab se Suru Hogaya...jab Modi digital India ko Bana chahata tha....aur koi nhi..(he know how to cover his actions against public reaction by his words).
Most of the Media and celebs in India are silent and are against farmers, thank you for the video
I have dedicated few lines on farmers protest lives lost
These farmers are surprisingly very educated and speaking very sensibly.
Whatever was done was done to preserve the.law and order situation as this farmer protests are creating only disturbances and losses to the nation as they are being paid to do all this drama and nothing else and none of them look like farmers but bad guys you see in the hindi movies
rip to poor farmers
So the farmers were so happy with the present corrupt impoverishing system that sent so many of them  went to untimely deaths by suicide.  Now they are objecting to a new regime that will free them of the  politicians corrosive control and allow them to become entrepreneurs  who will flourish on the basis of merit and competence .  That is how the private sector in India and in the rest of the world operates.  Do businessmen, lawyers ,  house maids, doctors  have MSP established by the government? Why do farmers want to continue to live abject lives of misery and be a captive vote bank of one political party or another?  Are they so accustomed to bondage that they fear freedom?
We stand with FARMER  and with whole SCOOPWHOOP TEAM
In West Bengal, the APMC act is not followed strictly. The number of Mandis is also very less. One has to travel long distances to sell the product in Mandi. The market price is much less compared to the minimum support price. Most of the farmers are forced to sell products at less prices. Company agriculture is also very common in West Bengal. Many companies went to our area and offered farmers higher prices and told them that they will buy all products. However, the condition is you have to buy everything like fertilizer, etc from them. They will sell these fertilizers at very high prices (almost four or five times of the market cost). Eventually, what happens, cost of farming rises, and farmers started to suffer. Sometimes even companies also do not want to take all products showing quality issues. Eventually, farmers will suffer losses. After suffering these kinds of losses, in our area, farmers stoped doing these kinds of agriculture.
Terrorism  these are not farmers
These r our educated and well informative farmers
I am proud become a farmer son
India's greatest strength is its farming land. In terms of cultivatable area, it stands at #2 in the world, with #1 being the USA. All Indians must now come together and support their farmers, so that they can continue to provide nutritious non GMO crops to the population and also increase the countries export quota for vegetable and fruit produce. Please don't let the western zionists and neo-fascists takeover and destroy your lovely country.
Now the lesson is that in future no government will ever dare to bring any reforms in agricultural sectors. Politics wins at the cost of the farmer's interest.
The enemy of farmers is the enemy of the country is the enemy of Hindutva
And also why no punishment to Taini for killing innocent farmers protest silently with vehicle????
Need dismissed all police department,  who this attacked on farmers
UP election is in Feb 2022 afterall and the farmers managed to wash away BJP from WB...This move was expected.
The rest of the oppressed applaud you Indian farmers!
, We want a Farmer Bill referendum then farmer lawa 
wat makes him so happy?? repealing acts that enabled farmers to get legal aids..
Wase sar bill tho kishan hit me hai
Farmers of India = 1
Parade will happen. It is their right. They are assuring and they have the track record of 56 days of peace. On the other hand, Govt has used force in Haryana. Farmers need to ensure that Haryana Police and CM are charged
I don't understand if government is doing it for the betterment of farmers, why it needs to be imposed!!!!!
After elections, he should face the heat & will repent of gathered for yogi & BJP
Wat will they do to farmers 
I am amazed when i see people still supporting BJP & Modi.
Whether these laws are good or bad i do not want to comment, but i fully supports farmers on MSP, Govt should learn from this situation and do a proper homework next time while bringing a highly controversial bill.
Stop tagging it as 'Indian Farmer's protests' It is just regional funded protests..
The more Thikka-yet attacks Modi, the more popular PM Modi becomes, 1200 rs subsidy on urea per bag, 80,000 crore rs subsidy on fertilizers, 1.3 lakh crore rs into farmers account directly through PM kisan samman nidhi, forced Priyanka Robber Vadra to hire Rakesh Thikkayat.
Must be hell of a great news for those who are mortally scared of BJP led NDA ruled India and are feeling NOT SAFE! Now they can jolly well MIGRATE to their most LOVED Taliban ruled Afghanistan! Wish all such scared guys a safe landing in the land of Taliban!
But no matter what i will support Modi in the future.
And they still depict themselves as farmers, all of them won't even be visible after up and punjab elections !!!
01:41   Modi is an elected representative . When he sees no farmers supporting the bills but sees farmers who oppose the bills, he has to do what an elected representative is supposed to.
Excuse me you need first confirm that is there any meeting or not? After that when modi did not listen them in punjab when they block Punjab, they listen their demands. So, now they know, if they block delhi. Modi has to take step. We also know modi will not listen us only in one day, he took some days thats why they are only delhi with some month food. So, they will return with their success. Govt welcome very nice of farmers with tear gas and pressure water then they need to broke the barrier. Listen modi is not good and he dont knowledge what right and bill.
10 month continues protest and 600 farmers death isn't a joke! Imagine Modi's cruelty.
I am a Farmer & I strngly support new Farm law
26 Jan 2021 will go down in the history of India as the day Punjab invaded Delhi !
Farmers should support this bill.
In 1980's anti-Sikh riots erupted throughout the India. They continued in some areas for several days, killing more than 3,000 Sikhs in New Delhi and an estimated 8,000  17,000 or more Sikhs were killed in 40 cities across India.At least 50,000 Sikhs were displaced.  Sultanpuri, Mangolpuri, Trilokpuri, and other Trans-Yamuna areas of Delhi were the worst affected. Perpetrators carried iron rods, knives, clubs, and combustible material (including kerosene and petrol). They entered Sikh neighbourhoods, killing Sikhs indiscriminately and destroying shops and houses. Armed mobs stopped buses and trains in and near Delhi, pulling off Sikh passengers for lynching; some were burnt alive. Others were dragged from their homes and hacked to death, and Sikh women were reportedly gang-raped and Sikhs also had acid thrown on them. Atrocities against Sikh women are also routine in the Punjab specially in 80s and 90s.  In addition to the brutal rape and murder of hundreds of Sikh women in November 1984, in the decade that followed, the Punjab Police and Indian security forces routinely used rape as an interrogation tool.  Punjab's International Human Rights Organisation has documented many instances of such abuse in their publication "The Rape of Punjab". 
Farmer protest Delhi chlo, Lakhimpur aao
What is the demand of these farmers?? Pehle yeh toh batao... bekar me time waste kar diya
There can be flaws in the current bill that the government has passed but I see this as a very necessary and effective step Indian government has taken and in the long run will help farmers to earn way more money then they are earning right now...
But farmers should be also free selling to anyone they want.
Indian : farmers protest
Hats off to the kind hearted ladies there who appeared more informed and sensitive to farmers cause than their male counterparts...I wish the boys who were interviewed learn from the girls ...respect to all those stand by the farmers..
I Support Farmers.! 
Farmers..... You Guys Did It ... salute to your long long awaited victory ....
*Allowing court trial for such disputes is never going to benefit, either by the farmer or against the farmer*
Respect for patience of Sri rakesh tiket ,keep it up
This is the face of Indian bjp government.
Whether farm laws were good or bad, modiji lost my faith. Now All my frnds are mocking me by calling me Andhbhakt.
Love NDTV,  truth reporting. Proud of Rakesh Tikaitji, and our Annadaata kisan. God bless them.
even before these bills came into effect .... I have seen price of onion go up more than 100% and then came back to normal twice in a single year in my state......I am from west bengal.... nobody regulated the price..........but now at least it would be in a limited price bracket...its far far better than current scenario.
1 Step -Start with Reaserch &Development, first reduce price what farmer invest in farming and increase  their production 
The wire In future aap ko JRURAT hoyi to Punjab AAP ka sath hoga ,,those who will support farmers then farmers will support them 
More then 600 farmers brothers got martyrdom during the protest
Honestly, these new rules sound like how Americas farms are being controlled. And our farmers are also suffering because of the lack of control and predictability.
Your views about farm laws and coming elections are 100% correct Abhijit Iyer. Thank you for the knowledge you passed to me.
I ain't support any group/party... But I am happy to see that our farmers are happy 
Let these farmers have some peace !! 
What are the issue in the farm bill can anyone help me???
Yess there is nothing about withdrawing the MSP but there is mutual agreement between the farmers and corporates about the price...nd we know who will win the bargain...to this there is no need to read the Act upside down its title including words agreement on price assurance indicate enough..
Repeal of farm laws is a right decision
Farmers know what is good for them...govt jitna jaldi smjhe utna hi acha h iss bat ko.... And what was the need to pass such controversial bills  during a pandemic? Govt wanted to take advantage of the situation, they thought they would be able to suppress protests.....they were wrong....they forgot punjab is the land of Bhagat Singh...
The whole fear of farmers is based on prediction.
100,000 farmers marched peacefully, but the Indian Media ran by Modi did show only the bits and clips where the farmers retaliated when the police started hitting them. 
I heard farmers & government 
I didn't even know what khalistan was before the news called the farmers khalistani.
Whole India is with Farmers and  against BJP policy
Thank u sooo much...for explaining  the concerns of farmers.
One day these farmers will say to government to put back farmers law again later
This analysis was slightly biased towards ruling party....ab se lallantop dekhna band....aur Jo do reforms h uska disadvantages Q nhi bta rhe ho lallantop waalo.....pehle v ESA koi rule nhi tha ki farmers apni crops dusri jgah pr nhi bech skti wo sirf middle man prr restrictions tha.
We can always grudge on the fact that there are too many farmers. But if they aren't they are unemployed and that's even mammoth a problem to face.
Constitution has given rights to every citizen of India to contest elections, if modi rahul Yogi can contest then why is there any problem if other contest elections
From last 1.5 yrs no one was watching over the farmers protest.. Govt was blind.. But now its election time and its good thing that it was taken back.. We want election every months so that petrol gas everything will be reduced..
I'm from a farmer's family.....
Time has come to Support SIKH/FARMER in return. 
We saw this video 2 days ago while Godi media is showing this now.
Thanks  for showing the truth #supportfarmers
Understood now . Need to give some Power to farmers  with encouraging efficiency
No more Commities we want a clear law and guarantee on MSP, follow what Modiji said in 2011 on MSP. Swaminathan Report gives more information on income of farmers.......  If reservation is possible, If Rs100 a liter petrol possible, if selling Airports, Railways and Air India is possible, if killing farmers in Lakhimpur is possible, If foul mouth by Khatter and Mishra is possible, then why is MSP not possible for farmers? Modiji himself supported MSP for farmers in 2011.... Jay Jawan, Jay Kisan
1. Modi Government blocked with barricades on highways, farmers are blocked from reaching "Red Fort" which is assigned place for peaceful protest.
Our beloved PM Modi has seen the Great side of this Bill .
I will always sapot to farmer  
Pm said nothing  how people suffered can any one live like farmers stand with unity they are symbol of unity lock down pm but people suffered lot
Victory for farmers. 
she was never giva up...she was indian second iron lady  we are supported you mam.
Pl.see the link below and then try to imagine what farmers are going through.
I dont know why dhruv doesnt show good thats happening in india. He showcases only those that detoriate bjp. Bjp has done both good and bad. They are doing very good in infrastructure. Hope one day this man sees everything and avoids selective journalism
lol, Good work in making the video! Guess there certain points in the bill which definitely need amendment. Matches with the points raised by https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSmwLboZ6JE It makes things a bit more clear why it needs amendment. There must be some MSP as a legal right whenever they are opening up markets. It's a very valid point to stop corporate monopoly. How much that MSP must be is debatable. It can be lower than current MSP. But There must be a 'Legal' 'Implemented' msp, otherwise there can definitely be a monopoly. Am always a supporter for this govt, but in this case, it needs to act quickly and resolve the matter soon instead of any delay... resulting in loss for votes
Other than Haryana & Punjab kissan why not other states kissan protesting???
Nowadays Modiji's speeches are less about reforms and development and more of criticism towards other political parties. 
Police will be in place of farmers tomorrow. Support farmers NOW Join your brothers.
The republic Taliban of India.
Rihanna did it well. Thank you. Indian "Sale'braties" were in great sleep. The Supreme Court also working for Government. Media personnel who are showing the truth got detained under serious act. of law.
It was a pre planned action . These protesters were just waiting for the time of 26th January!!! They are not farmers,  they are terrorists who want to take power in their hand!!! Sir,  aap bhi to bhout bol rhe the ki farmers kyu nhi parade kar sakte, aap bhi government ke against rehte ho , all 3 farm bills have been read by me,  there is no problem in the bills.  I repeat they are terrorists.
Show this video  to tikait and Khalistani agent's
But actually 3 laws are good for farmers...
We read about the Independence movement in history, but this is the modern independence which we are witnessing, where a community comes together everyone who has some sort of skill shows what it is to fight for ideals, principles and cause. Just hats off to my punjabi farmer brothers and sisters. Waheguru ji aapko kamyabi de.
These are not farmers these are dacoits
Huge respect for both farmers and the channel. If you dont let the world know what is happening, their voices will be muted by political clowns. I know that, being part of fisherman's community.
GOOD content but this  is very important content that why it should be telecast in hindi, punjabi language so that it reach to the level of farmers, at the end of day they have to understand
He directed the police force to throw water cannon over the farmers in an extremely chilled weather.... From this episode, people can understand what a despicable creature Narendra Modi is.. He should be booted out of power forever and for passing the farm bill in an undemocratic manner
We stand with farmer
love to all farmers from pakistan
In my city, every wednesday the farmers directly sell their products at a comparatively lower price. Perhaps, if the bill is successfully implemented there is a fair possibility that the uniformity in the price of the commodities will be hampered. Ofcourse, the consumers will go for the lower prices. And this will probably add to the fury of the middlemen, if at all involved.
Don't expect u people will come in his place that's Modi. Did any P.M till today get the respect like Our P.M. Modi Ji. Don't think B.J.P. will loose they will win with more number of seats. Priyanka Gandhi don't expect ur family will again take India again in ur hands.
Hahahahaah ... we wonder How India America and Nato failed in Afghanistan and now blaming Pakistan  is weird.... what were they doing there that they cannot even control  the area with that might ???   India  should send forces in Afghanistan  because  it is a regional Military  Might ... qnd teach Lesson to Pakistan.... 
This is not the full picture.. the fundamentals of the new laws seem to benifit farmers more than not.
Hats off to Formers ...they are warriors..Bjp allowing India moving towards capitalism...this is not good for country....
BJP bhagao desh bachao jaye jawan jaye kisan vote for congress 
I am so surprised that you are talking about lending money by these middlemen(artis??)  on personal basis. There is no legal framework to support the farmers and In fact you could task corporations to support a minimum viable price and not extort the farmers. You are speaking one sided . Though I understand market pressure will come in to force and drive prices based on demand and supply, but this does not mean MSP and Mandi are viable options. Imagine this kind of price control exist in other commodities. It does not support the economics or farmers. The developed nations dont have this system and done away with it and Indian farmers receive a lot of perks.  Those having vested interest support it out of greed. Hope the farmers understand the long term benefits. Concerns can be addressed when corporations invest in the sector and contracts could be mutually inclusive.
Farmers proud of you at least some one has guts to fight against dictator gunda modi and bjp.... We support farmers
Without farmers no one can survive so they have the right since they are back bond  of nation
power to the farmers, may their mission end in success
Tractor wale kissan of punjab are only unhappy today. Rest are happy
Proud to be Farmers
Sir you are the voice of millions of poor farmers. Thanks a lot.
We don't care what dirty politics CPI and Congy plays on farm bill. Country knows the govt passed bill in favour of small and marginal farmers to make profit to sell outside APMC mandis. Till date middle man has minted money. We support center on farm bill 2020.
It was a good video . But you still did not explain how new bills can benefit farmers ? That part was totally missing.
all the three acts are in the favour of farmers..protesters are the middle man and they are not against the act rather they are against the farmer..
U give up MRP farmers give up their MSP
Excellent work from farmers 
stand with the farmers of India, they are the real Indians
So modiji inculcated these  bills just to scrap APMC and benefit private market, and one doesn't needs any divyadrishti to know who will be that private market , (Only Ambani and Adani)
I'm from Pakistan but i support your content because you are talking about the right of people
Regarding the farm produce it will definitely follow commodity cycle of wild upswings and downswings. We can see how much the price of onion fluctuate every single year. In fact many customers like my mother use it to their benefit by building up inventory at lower prices. Naive farmers will sadly suffer whether at the hands of corporate or middlemen. Politicians as usual will act for their own benefit.
Modi should resign for not repealing the 3 black laws in time. What a shameful coincidence or is it Political Engineering as the Black Laws are repealed as the Sikhs celebrate the birth of Guru Nanak Devji the founder of Sikhism. Sweet Venom.
When there is not any other agenda for politics left now the BJP members are using the agenda of taliban at least this agenda will work for some time.
To bring any reforms in India a process of educating the farmers is paramount. I do believe that Mr Modi always thinks in favour of the masses and in this case how to make farming very competitive with bigger returns. There is no doubt reforms in farming is needed to take India to new levels. However, the farmers main concern were that the measures of reforms would benefit corporates and the corporates would dictate their terms to the farmers. This aspect made them extremely uncomfortable.
Sir, I really liked your arguments. Very well articulated. The financial and economical side of these bills seem good but first actually producing different crops, and diversifying the production is not easy. It is expensive, which is why having MSP provides assurance to farmers as they dont get paid every month like everyone who works in some kind of professional field. The bill is not bad, but shouldnt govt build the infrastructure first that will provide the farmers with assurances like increasing prices of other crops and guaranteeing minimum support price? 
Appeals strengthing farmers unity...kisan zindabad 
Over 95 percentage of tractors are owned by rich farmers NSSO report
 a joint committee of farmers and govt will finalize the law clauses that will benefit farmers or not. But unions are adamant.
East India Company built roads, railways, courts, police stations, schools and colleges but we kicked them out because they never listen to public. For them Company's profit was more important than Public's will. Hint: Modi thinks he is a son of Queen Elizabeth.
I also read about the laws.  I don't find anything wrong for my farmer brothers. However, there are journalists like Ravish kumar who used to command some respect among intellectuals, they are also behaving foolish. Seriously worrying trend.
I feel sorry for my country, Modi ji we are with you
These farm laws would have been easily repealed and new reforms could have been done if our media system did their job honestly to serve citizens not government.
PM Modi has admitted the lack of his government's efforts to make the farmers understand about the laws and their benefits.
I am son of a farmer feels proud
Boycott Ambani Adani and modi if India wants to stay independent
Bad... Worst... Its all over for Agricultural Reforms.   Tikait (Decoit ) won... Anna Hazare moment for Modi Government
This so called activist anna have never thought of andhra farmers who are protesting since 2 years. But is supporting the market agents. Shame on u Anna who never supported Andhra farmers
You missed a larger point which made the Govt. sit & think over. At the recent inauguration of the Expressway by PM a lot of UP buses were deployed to bring people from villages to show PM is still popular. But all those buses returned to the inaugural site practically empty & PM show was damp squib. This was also one of the reasons to trigger withdrawal of Farm Laws. Govt.knew it took "panga" with wrong people. Sikhs maybe minority but they are resilient warriors who can show people their place. Govt. knew even after doctored opinion polls to show BJP Govt is still popular contrary to ground reality it is likely to lose UP elections.
The brokers are won and stopped the progress of the farmers..... 
The traditional farmer .
Yogendra Yadav ji, your support and work for kishan andolon will be remembered forever in future.
Rakesh tikait...you are gradually earning my respect!
All media has only focus on just susant case rather than many things are happening in india like increasing unemployment, education, GDP, Agriculture. Sector, etc that's the reason people are protesting in this pandemic situation
Shame on Indian police force instead of helping farmers they are trying to make them bow on their knees shame on you all indian army and police first I was feeling proud on my self that I am an Indian but now seeing this that Indian Army and Indian police is not helping farmers I am feeling shame on myself that I am an Indian really modi u r gone from sikh com
Very good innovation. Farmers will be benifited.
Congratulations to the farmers. Blessed is the Nation of India. Leadership is about understanding and flexibility. Congratulations to Prime Minister Modi.
SP, MIM etc are hypocrites, for whom nation comes last. UP citizens should realise this and support Yogi ji who stands for nationalism and development. This Tikait fellow is a dark spot amongst poor innocent farmers. BJP did a blunder by not demolishing him and allowing him to be a demon.
Now how this so called farmer netta Asked modi to double the farmers income... 
sorry not protesting farmer correct is protesting sikhs
According to my knowledge similar concept is present in US where farmers can sell there production to any one. But it failed because business men are naturally profit makers. And the reason farmers are surviving there is the incentive they get from the government to continue agriculture. As you know the farmers there are much more educated than the Indian counterparts and the fact that they are still being exploited justifies the fear of Indian farmers
Jai jawan jai kisan. Modi ki tapasya ka formula. Water cannons, Wire Barricades, Stopping water supply, False cases, Calling farmers as terrorists, agents of China, Pakistan, etc. If this is formula of Tapasya then guess the mindset of the Nikamma Leader.
Modi has not come to power only with the help of urban middle-class, farmers have a big part in bringing him back in power.
Farmers should not retaliate with violence, please, make it silent protest.
Supreme Court lost his credibility..no one is listening to farmers ...BJP ki gundagardi sehan nahi
7:30 poor small farmers have to borrow money. Average land holding in Punjab is 3.62 hectares compared to 1.08 hectares nationally. Three times the national average. yes poor small farmers indeed. The system must be improved for farmers to realize more financial gain . Your argument should be access of better funds and credit to farmers. The arhtiya is not the only way to do that. And that is not a good enough reason to keep them around
Why are people saying that these reforms were passed without any consultations. These farm bills were pending since the UPA government in 2013.
Shekhar Sir with all respect to your way of journalism, I think you are clearly missing the larger picture,  its not about the fact that MSP will remain or not or whether the existing system has lot of flaws, which everyone knows, yes it has. I think its more about securitising the poor farmers of our country (Agriculture heavy economy), which is way more than few percent of rich farmers. I think when you discuss such huge bills you should compare it with other nations who have gone with the route of corporatisation or what they call is a 'free market' theory. Every country is different, it would have been great if you could have added a section of what  we can learn from west economies who have already done that.  There is no country in west were farmer suicides have decreased, in fact it has only increase. whether its America, Spain etc. For a country like India which is now pushed back to more poverty and hunger, will this be good move now? I think the problem is not the intent of the policy but why can't there be any small case study to prove this works for a country, like a small state first to see if this will work, before implementing all over India. And why can't the government do that first before shoving the bill through without consultation and flawed voice votes. We all know the performance of this government when it comes to implementing policies into action. For a country like India which already has so many farmer suicides I personally feel our country needs to find a right balance between policies of socialism and free market.
As a indian i was supporting them till yesterday as they were protesting without violence later on seeing all these today in media i neither consider them as protesters nor farmers i even now feel shame to tell them as indians after what they did in red fort and how they attacking police and mainstream media
Now poor farmers will suffer again, if crops gets destroyed by calamity then the burden will again fall on tax payers and moreover BJP has given a hope and shown peacefuls a way that if they protest enough CAA can also be repealed if they put enough pressure on government.
These laws were so good for Indian economy and farmers but these paid goons won, only rich farmers with vast land and with political connections won that's it. It'll keep the middlemen bribe culture alive . Same happened on NRC CAA , same happened with this law 
Farmers Protest | Aerial View | Harp Farmer Pictures 
Zero number to budget, I am Jagdish Babu Dubey from village Jaitpura tehsil Bharthana District Etawah as farmer, until unless purchaser not come to me to purchase my crops on MSP rate and payment will not come to my bank account directly from the purchaser
well he should have listened to punjab bjps mla he could have dismissed this protest when it was only in punjab but he ignored his warnings when a fight starts from punjab it either takes everything or lose everything no middle way whether it was colonialist mugals or either britishers
On an average nearly two farmers died every day opposing the monopolisation of agriculture. Pay your homage to the departed souls by making BJP pay for the death of more than 700 farmers. Let the Shoke Sabha of BESHARM JHOOTHI PARTY be held on 10th March 22.
thanks brother for standing with farmers 
BTW I am a farmer too.
Sainik or Kisan are real hero of our Country...Please Respect of Farmers .
this person again is dividing people by saying all the farmers are from punjab .
We support the farmers.  say no to GMO's No robots. NO to BIG Tech. Love mother Earth!!!
Why so late from Supreeme Court to take decision on farm laws...???...Why they couldn't protest??..Are they not janta(kisan)...
Not only Punjab and Haryana prosting but also up, mp, Bihar, Rajasthan #banmodhi
We always  stand with Modi ji.
Its need of time to probe about the big haul of capital collected by the family of this so called farmer's leader who has sown the crop of currency notes & capital assets such as agriculture lands  petrol pumps n many more. 
Taliban and Pakistan, iron brothers 
World people shame on uu... U people not stsnd with farmers
Allah bless farmers and also them how cares about their pain.
If farmers were not allowed to enter ,then was this for Half pant karyakartas only  ?
Wait for 2024 modi will be literally kicked off parliament. 
Don't play with farmers....
I have watched so many videos on these farm bills...but none video cleared it all...your video mentioned everything...what are these bills...why are farmers protesting...
1) Demanding for minimum support price, which helps farmers from loss.
It will be a disaster if Modi becomes PM of India,' says Manmohan Singh 
Agar polic rakesh tiket ki sehat ka hal le ne aaye the to it ni polic sath me kayu the..
#MSP___ #FarmersProtest
India's  largest  Rich Farmers  and middle men Protest .Don't  ever call my Country  POOR
Very disappointing analysis. Jio's example has been done to death in the context of farm bills. It's like comparing apples and oranges. MSP will remain is the promise given by the Centre.
This made me cryproud of our farmersand Ajit uncle
Overall the main pain is for the middlemen who used to get a massive commission without any effort. Keeping this in mind then we should look at the farmer's protest.
Fed up of these farmers.
Brilliant explanation. Very sad that the bills have been withdrawn. All loss to farmers and end consumer.
I stand strong with farmers
The logic behind this bill is to provide benefit to Reliance mart. This is clearly understandbale.Modi has sold India to Big corporates.
@This channel does not exist. Drishti IAS is a youtube channel which went through detailed analysis of the farm bill it's a 3 hr vedio and the bill suggest that farmers can cell there produce to the   mandi and also decide the cost of the produce
complete bowdown in front of middle man and anti-nationals , the laws were for enrichment of poor farmers, you have complete majority still this sort of surrender is not appreciable.
A little innovation goes a long way. 1. move away from monoculture. 2. adopt perma culture and agro Forestry. 3. Enhance and bring horticulture into the scene. 4. move away from pesticides. 5. aggregate the irrigation and bring small farmers together and unify them. these just a few to begin with. I see a lot of opportunities for simply the supply demand network. Let's all become self sustaining population, politics and other factors should not affect our food supply, water and air quality.
Le* Keyboard fighters(who don't know anything but want to speak against our government for literally any rule/policy):-writing from their bed "WE ARE FARMERS WE ARE SON OF FARMERS"....
BJP needs to have some shame and self respect. Like hard days made the monkey eat pepper, election results made you withdraw the unrealistic farm laws. You are eating your own words.
Thank you for support our farmers
Arrogant guy is silenced by the organized farmers. Hail Farmers
He don't know farmers law now playback politics wrote and he is reading only.
Thing Is to Clear ,he went to kill farmers, God punished him there for his deeds
 who is responsible for the farmers who died while protesting and modi is still saying that he pay full devotion 
Now, Farmers will enjoy their luxurious life as before when this law was not there.  Gold ki roti khayenge, fasal to crores m bikengi and saare kisan sampann ho jayenge
Now after Withdrawal of the Law all farmers will  became Rich Again.
New Laws acche hai ya galat I don't know, but govt mai dono options dena chahiye. Ye farmers pe options rehna chahiye, jo farmers new law ko select karte hai, toh future mai agar government ke new laws se faide ho rahe hoange toh old laws ya mandi wale farmers apneapp new laws join kar leange. Lekin options de govt purana tarika ya new tarika, choose anything
Dear farmers, I know the government is not listening to you, but please understand government is not even bothered about Corona pandemic. Don't make your lives worsen. Please withdrew for now in sake of your families and for country's wellness. 
"Imagine US  invades india while a brave, small portion of indian militants evades, and resist for 20 years and finally restore their previous freedom and past glory"..Talibans are exiled Afghanis....
The farmers of this country have finally proved that India can still progress in the future and that there is no need to be scared of the RSS or BJP anymore! I'd heartly like to thank the farmers of this country for providing us food and being the actual back bone of this country.. Aap logon ke bagair hum in seheron main Kuch Bhi nahi Kar sakte hain.... And to the ones critisizng the farmers and their langars I'd like to ask yu.. What would yu do with yur money if there was no food provided...? The 1 hour hardwork of a farmer is far greater than modi's so called 20 hours of work.. ! Jai Jawan Jai Kisan!!!! Let's all join hands and May Allah bless them all and make these difficult times easy for our fellow citizens Ameen
As I m from south india I don't no what happens in india.....just one or two media talks about it other medias are just asholes and cowards... Atleast u talk about this I appreciate but please make it Viral our government should take action on the minister and his son  
He is fighting not only for the cause of farmers only but the general public too. It's misleading to say that agitation haa been withdrawn.
Agar kisano ko bills samjh a gye hote to sayad in jaise thekedaro ki job chali jati sayad is liye ni chahte the implementation bad side of democracy 
MSP should be farmers basis right against fluctuations . We owe it to them
Wait for a few more years for global warming to wreck havoc with droughts and floods. When the food supply dwindles then people  will wake up. If the farmers don't have enough for themselves then what can others expect ?
we stand with modi ji(sai shree ram)
You are a truly a Godi Media. Shame on you.
Bjp sarkaar gandu sarkaar not restoring 4g in J&K  since last 2 years and now not helping poor farmers 
We support farmers, Thank you Amit Sir for highlight three contentious farm laws.
25 states farmers accepted farm laws...but due to 3 states remaining states are going to suffer..how it become   success to farmers ...
All the broker and  corporate farmers should be punished. Specially Tikait
Why are the farmers supporting  middlemen? Both the families of Amrinder Sing, CM ,and Badal, are loosers in the new system.  So why landless and small farmers  protesting? A few years back, the middlemen supported by Forward Block party in WB, stalled the establishment of Metro  Cash and Carry in Kolkata,  fearing that small farmers would be held economic hostage by the company. But after 10 to 12 years, you can see nothing of that sort happened  and the farmers are happy with the deals. Those middlemen  sought other forms of employment.
I think bill should apply to 1or 2 state to know outcome of these reforms that will give confidence to our farmers
Fate will not be kind to these goons who are sitting in their siren waala car while mowing down poor farmers
Excellent and balanced analysis of current issue of farm bills.   Govr is in fix.  Let's see what is the ultimate results.
Tension mat lo agli baarr v.... Center mein BjP..... Bhale he state Mein support na ho but centre ke liye apna vote kewal BjP....
Full support to Farmers from Moradabad
Govt should listen to the farmers.
Thank you sir for detailed explanation of this bill. This is interest of small farmers.
gareeb agar rehna chahtta hai wo gareeb hum kya kare . Ye political issue tha jisme opposition ne farmers ko agge rakha tha
Shame on government for not able to resolve farmers concerns even after 2-3 months
In present case, big farmers for some perceived losses have organised the farmers who are supposed to benefit from the reforms. Moral: Disturbibg status quo has its own perils.
Mark my word now caa protest will start and these so called farmers join CAA protest then they also demand Repeal article 370 and 35 A as they asked arvind Kejriwal what is their views on article 370 and he replied perfectly to those so called farmers
Last YEAR from tamilnadu farmers protested and brothers from Delhi AMD Punjab supported . we should unite TO protest tonsupport  our farmers
One thing is sure. The three laws are hardly ever likely to radically reform the lives of the farmers. The Union Govt is unable to convince the people at large. If at all, it will help the bigger farmers, who constitute not more than 10%. The remaining 90% will continue to suffer. Agricultural problems as far as India goes need to be discussed threadbare. There should be no haste. Small and marginal farmers as well as landless laborers need State protection and social support.
India Russia France these all countries should support afgans against Taliban.
We support farmers 
Tomorrow what if they say 'One India one political party' why we need more parties? we are one..! So only BJP is to be there... Just like that 'One nation..one mobile service provider'.. only Jio should be there..
Hmm to be honest its a win of politicians  whether they r from bjp or congress etc  loss of farmers not a win of farmers
This scene is too disturbing .... justice for farmers 
Hats off to the best ever detailed information and explanations about the farm bill and amendments, felt really good, thanks once again
Farmers are innocent hard workers.... Hope government tries to educate them about the empowerment and benefits of the bill passed. Its only because of state government politics and misguidance which has lead to chaos. Not at all farmer's fault. Nor the central government's fault. If farmers are worried then government has to convince them and make sure corporate companies treat farmers equally as a business partner and do not exploit them. Once mandi system is removed only then farmers will be able to think out of the box. Hope we see farmers evolve and be the richest and happiest citizens.
It's not about religion,it's about humanity,why some people are supporting Taliban and saying Afghanistan become independent. How come Afghanistan become independent when their citizens are suffocating in their own country with Taliban regime
Well indian farmers are still poor so some revolution is still needed .
It's sad nobody is supporting punjabi farmers specially from so called cow belt states they forget what punjabi farmers sons have done for freedom of india and all of them think they r nationalist  but nationalism is in punjabi blood
I support only farmers
Respect and support farmers 
Congrats to everyone who support farmer protest even on social media..Kudos to us.
O my God pardon me for voting  BJP in last elections on the promise of  Badal 
Air India sale: Modi govt's first privatisation in 7 years; what...
These kind of violence is not acceptable. I believe real farmers will not do these things. They definitely respect Indian flag than other. Definitely these are not real farmers
Also what I personally think is it was a mistake from both sides... farmers should have ensured that no such goons should influence the movement and after this incident the ligitimecy of movement is lost..and as we all know there is a big issue of trust between government and protestors which is making a communication gap
Farmers protest has created history not only for standing firmly against 3 laws but has made countless precious memories for people to cherish forever  Great show of fight for  righteousness, courage, tolerance, discipline and unity of humanity 
Now here we are. love you Punjabio and all other state farmers too for their contribution.
Sir don't lose your heart. Don't be so disappointed.  Farm laws were badly handled by Modi's generals.  26th Jan violence they could not predict and handle properly.  Tomar is a big waste . No back channel discussions.
Support to Farmers.. love & support from Punjab Pakistan.. Sohaib Wahla
Farmers are innocent, they are under trap if Mandi Mafia.
Those protesting against farm bills literally knows nothing but doing it on their Master's order not even sitting in India.
Farmers are on there Right
Jai ho modi government, for supporting farmers prosperity
China and Pakistan celebrating India's problems. 
I just want foreign protestors to explain all 3 laws and explain how they are diff from existing laws in US and Canada. 99 % of them will not be able to answer Because there aren't any . These laws are based on US CANADA laws. I look forward for them to protest for poor white Farmers of US CANADA.
FIGHT NORTHERN ALLIANCE AGAINST THE BRUTAL, BARBARIC ,CRUEL and oppresive ,inhumane and terrorist acts of the Talibans,fight for the right of the Afghan women, fight for the sake of innocent civilians especially the innocent children of Afghans, in the name of ALLAH.
Thry r not farmers they r propagandists I saw the highway which they have blocked how difficult it is to cross that path.
Elections.....elections jeetni ha chor bjp! Isse kehte ha thuk k chaatna!! You are wrong nitish major opposition in punjab is AAP don't do baised reporting.
It's not really a victory for anyone, the laws/reforms were a good thing. Change in some Indian sectors is glacial and it will take a tsunami of sorts to make people wake up - still they will blame others. The farmers couldn't listen to their own government or countrymen, yet were influenced and whipped up by outsiders (Greta & Co) wait until those same outsiders come for your coal and stuble burning - sure you will change then right! This protest was about the middlemen loosing out - let's not forget about it, they already con the farmer but have their ear!
 Handful of  idiots Sponsored by congress and other parties are roaming around as farmers . 
All Pakistani stand with siks farmers
Farmers can't go to court for such a bad bill but chutia Arnab can go.
_About 69% of Indian population is living in rural area and is fully in support of the farmers. In addition low income urban families are also fully supporting the farmers. It's this feature that makes the costs of foods and clothes affordable or cheaper in India, also makes India  different from the rest of the world. So in fact the structure of agriculture sector always need incentives that don't need any experiment._
" EVERY  PARTICLE  OF  FARMER ' S TEARS  WILL  CREATE  HAVOC  ."
Expected from a controversial propaganda enterprise. There is no mention of removal of APMC no changes to MSP. They are just opening up the market and giving farmers alternatives. Why is that a problem. If Punjab farmers only want to sell in Mandi they can continue.
Very nicely explained. This is why farm bill is necessary. But eventually implementation will have to be seen on ground.
Rakesh Tikait Sir is real Hero of our Modern Democracy. .
The greatest problem that PM Modi made after winning 2019 is let party think that they are invincible, lost humbleness, wisdom, become arrogant. The next biggest mistake is letting Amit Shah in the Govt. He is a spoiler, dirtiest of person India has ever witnessed as a minister in the cabinet. PM need moderate people to advise him like Rajnath Singh or Nitin Gadkari. In a democracy, you cannot be at warpath with opposition like BJP is doing now thinking that they will be power forever.
Bhai you never talked why 90%farmers started using this bill ? Why problem is with few farmers of Punjab n haryana ?
inki App jitni marzi mange Maan Lo Yeh Nahi jayenge Kyonki ye Political Motivated Andolan hai Modi Government Aur India ke Khilaf  Elaj Karo inka Ache se Kyonki Burre Log Majboot ho Rahe hai Aur Ache Weak
Indian farmers are inspiration for global farmers 
I want farmer protests inside Delhi but peacefully and keeping law and order in mind
This repeal is a disappointing move by the govt.......I think winning elections is more important than country
It happens when u bunk class of mathematics.add 3-4 zeroes extra and the news become sensation.250 million  more than population of uttar pradesh.bro u should say thousands.that suits 250 million.8-9 times population of punjab.10-15 times even more than population of whole jaats in india in which some are protesting.
*@PRINT* If our misguided farmers move to fats (oil) & proteins (pulses) and the Govt ensures that (via PDS, school lunches) India's malnutrioned children get even 25% more protein in their daily diet *and* given the well-studied effects of protiens & fats on brain development in early childhood, _imagine the staggeringly phenomenal change in India's Human Capital that will happen in a generation...._
Rip democracy and Jai jawan Jai kisan  totally shocking and poor farmers had no security
Please don't give up our brave farmer's ...you are our only hope.....
what will you pay to compensate for the farmers who lost their life .
   Real farmers were welcomed by audience of delhi by provinding them varios foods or by rain of flowers on them to give respect but unfortunately the harrasment is it is neglected  ... 
The analysis is one sided. The new bills only provide for additional opportunities for the farmers. This in no way removes / obliterates APMCs. APMCs till today had no competition because the farmers were forced to sell there, and the traders in the APMCs could cartelise against farmers. When the consumer purchase from any shop that he wishes, why not make available the same benefit to farmer. The decision is for farmers to take on where to sell. The APMCs may sensing competition offer them a better rate and hence may have a chance to improve their relevance. Currently farmers get about 30% of the value paid by the consumer. If the same is at 50%, the farmers income would go up more than 100% (considering inputs and other costs). The APMC Act modification and removal of restrictions have been earlier pushed by the Congress government also. In fact most of the states have adopted major APMC reforms. In fact states like Kerala have no APMC and there the farmers get relatively better returns for their produce as compared to other states (about 50% of the value paid by the consumer). Also the Congress manifesto of 2019 specifically mentions removal of APMC restrictions. This current drama is only poltically motivated. Better returns for farmers without disturbing the price paid by the consumer can only happen by bringing about efficiency and transparency in the market mechanism. In any case this is only an additional opportunity for farmers, which is upto the farmer to take a decision on whether to make use of or not.
Our farmers, the real heroes.
Sab bjp walo ne kraya hai ye sbko pta h only NDTV channel is showing this else news channels are REALLY GODI MEDIA
You forgot to mention that if the farmer has dispute to do with the contract farming then what happens? ???
So sooooooooooo proud of our Farmers.
Punjab gov gets 13% of entire income from the Mandi commission. All corruption comes from there. MSP was never included in any past bill. Because government buys 23 crops, gov fix a price (MSP) to buy those crop.
Fighting for own rights is RIGHT I SUPPORT FARMERS
Proud to be farmer
This is a pre plan action they carry khalistani flag ..sikhs are known for their loyality but many such incident put black mark on their community ....India was formed out of 553 big and small princely states ..if others sacrifice their individuality for a strong nations bharat ...why some sikhs are do that ..govt should take proper action to this khalistani supporters ....I support farmer protest earlier but if anyone tried to insult indias prestige before international community than he or she may be punished very badly .... ..this incident  hit on our heart ...
Were the farmers not funded by the opposition?
Thnx BBC for support farmers
I am also a farmers son but not  profitable in my fields but modi hai too mumkin hai
MSP has been referred as price assurance, price guarantee , so please download farm bill 2020 pdf format and read point 5 mentioned.
Any bond is there in between farmer and wholesaler and others
yaah media u r right its vilonce where were u all godi media when they are sitting on delhi border from 2 months more then 70 + kisan had died no one has been reported that and not a single tweet has given by our pm but the violence happen yesterday was not right don't blame farmers or police the main people are politicians and media who had scrud up countries development, dignity,unity
700 Farmers You will be Remembered 
Going forward government should buy more from southern states and then what will these agitating farmers of Punjab do.
Very Soon Modi will dismantle " Constitution of India", BJP Gondas are in Every Department now, Recently World Saw How A BJP Gondas being a  NCB  Arrested Aryan khan, This is really worried situation in India. How can Gonda's Arrested ppl in the name of National Agencies. Why No body hasn't arrested from Adaani Port.
To conclude, unquestionably, the present Modi-Govt. at The Centre IS charting a well-intentioned INDIA DEVELOPMENT path, with efforts being made to give A largely (if not totally) Clean and Efficient Governance, seeking to steer the push into a US$ 5 Trillion Economy goalpost, through Progressive Policies that today's World Economic realities demand: Only, it's imperative the BJP and Modi-Govt. should stay clear of temptations to see People's overwhelming Mandates given, as a licence to suppress freedoms and try to force through (much needed, in several areas too!!) reforms through the barrel of a gun!...Jai HIND!!...'n GOD Bless!!!
understand that farmers are doing drug factories and more than one drug plantation all over India You have to understand that we forgot with the satellite and saw a lot of ugly things
Same exactly what was in my mind about legal services should be provided to farmers and it should be level playing grounds for both the parties.
So called farmers attacks police everyone in comments laughing " Police trying to stop protesters everyone in comments " This is reality " "No one listen to farmers "
Very insightful video on Farm bill explaining different perspectives!!!
Government should listen to those farmers. Such hard government will result in division of Indian society.
We stand with farmers 
Highly disappointed, never expected this to be repealed just to satisfy some people..Neither BJP is going to win Punjab nor it satisfies his haters. Rather it has disappointed his supporters.
Sir you are disgracing farmers agitation by calling it political. What is the use of MSP if procurement is not gurrenteed?
I am from Amritsar there is so much facilities for farmers but still they don't care i hate farm agitation
Very true. I was shocked to learn about the taking back of farm laws.  It is a big setback for the farmers
Why the farmers are stopped to finish tractor parade peacefully?? As the farmers were allowed to held the parade then why the routes were blocked ?? Again police has charged on farmers , used tear gases and water canons . There was no motive of disrespecting constitution but farmers are forced to do so .
Atma manobal of Modi ji is unparalleled in indian history 
We only want farmers model no more other model
Firstfall police attacked on farmers then they  broke the toll plaza 
Not agreed kisaan need msp because if every dealer reject there wheat or brown grains where they will go. Yes you can make new trading platform it's good but you can't force them. Closing MSP market means no competition.
Thats not a khalistan flag. . The people have sent a message that the  red fort and india belongs to the people of I didn't and farmers and not modi and ambani and they're big egos
I want to ask a question  to delhi govt. . Delhi govt. Can prove that footprint of khalistani was not present in kissan movement .. govt. Of india has started process of repeal farmer low but movement will not stopped by kissan politician please think   what for this movement was started 
Now priority is to save farmers live from Covid disaster,,,,doubling farmers income is not the priority now
Feel sorry for andhbhakts & godi media anchors 
Main baat yeh h ki farmer ki glti m bhot bhadke wajibh bhi h but government k liye normal sentences bs yeh glt h frk pdta h
These are not real farmers. They might hold lands and are landlord but they are more agents and middlemen and have practice to give their land on contract within local poor people to work on their field. These are more of landlords and Middlemen of Khalistan Suporters.
At last Baba Nanak blessed the agitating Farmers and given wisdom to people's who always tell that are doing good things for common persons but They actually ruining the state and common persons for their self interest.
Godi Media and khatar-modi end coming soon
Still some andhbhakt believe that modi and other care for farmer
Long Live Modi!  Long Live India!
New generation of sikhs is not interested in movement like khalistan. They have lost hopes on India and moving to Canada and other wedtern countries.
UP police is trying to clear their image in the world. I humble request to all please stand with our farmers
I am sorry that i can;t stand beside my farmer brothers please fight with all your force my prayers are with you always
Enough is enough no farmer protest, no permission fr the capital ..this not the way to protest enough drama govt is taken far eye on the situation.....this is not the way ..kick them back ....
Bad news for small farmers
10:35 That's the point SG. It is a failure of the govt. That's what farmers also said. Have discussions no. Obviously, there will be trust deficit. And that's what the illogical followers of BJP don't understand as well.
A fair market value price for farmed goods should be a standard.
Aye aye aye ! Balls ! Kisan are doing Haye Haye Haye ! Hats of my boy !! I wish there are more people like u - showing indians how are we fooled. .
If you don't have answers please call this Punjab protest not Farmers protest 
Really if she will become pm she will totally change india she is brave and educated modi is completely destroying india
Samdish you have raised a very grave point amongst this farm law,IAS,SDM its really difficult for commoners to reach upto them,though the are public servants and are required to serve people but India's public servant don't wish to see to grieveances of common people once they are sitting on that chair.They think they are God now and don't pay heed to the issues of commoners.I think everyone will relate to this as well.Farmers protest is bringing in light the rotten system of bureaucracy prevailing in India as well.
This moves if implemented will bring huge support from 20-35 yrs old job seekers and middle class and poor before UP PUNJAB UTTARAKHAND ELECTIONs
Lekin wahan k mostly log Modi k supporter hen.
Why Bjp didn't implement these laws in bjp ruled states first, if they benefit farmers automatically other state people would have also joined
Godi media took the law in their hand, Police had to become the reporter !! 
Democracy is a game of numbers, by the statements of PM, he wants to say, that majority 90+% farmers had welcomed the 3 Farm Acts, and "Kuch" fringe farmer groups were protesting...
India saport to the Afganistan Northern alliance. Afghanistan fight Again to Taliban 
34 lakh crore Budget of India if MSP passed 17 lakh crore needed for 26 crops only In matter of 2.5 years india will be bankcurrpted of MSP will be guaranteed for every crop 6 percent farmers will have the fun 94 will always be cut from mandi system as mandi is not in every region .. this man tikait only focus on election of Up his main motive is election ... MSP at this time will do more damage than development...
The above story is not even remotely imaginary. All the names, characters, places mentioned here are completely intentional... Especially gobarmint and farmers
Golden man of india  Ravish kumar
Just my opinion(may not be a popular one), lets us assume that even these laws are repealed, it is not going to solve the fundamental problem of over dependence on grain production and less diversification in agriculture. Moreover MSP is not implemented uniformly across India and too much reliance on MSP may discourage farmers from cultivating alternate crops. Dependence on MSP and excessive grain production is not good for India in the long term.
want to answer you in simple way.. Just tell me truthfully if you ever watch any news of our Pm have you ever listen some hatred,  or disregarding or speaking aganist him.... I really think over years media are blindly supporting BJP and also I have seen it is really aganist other party..... Sometimes I think media had been sold out..
Mr. modi Forget Afghanistan we voted you support us  otherwise we will forget you.
One thing is sure and clear. People of India becoming very very polarized in rule of Narendra Modi. A Hindu-muslim religious polarization, A North-South India regional polarization & a poor-rich division is very very clear and this is very very catastrophic.
Why only farmers from Punjab, Haryana and UP protesting? What about the other states? Why didn't the farmers from other states didn't protested in their states against these bills? It's a high time to support and save our farmers from these bills.
Laughable! AIM speaks from his burning liver against Modiji, left with no space to put in a few drops of his brilliant brain into the matter. 
They are not farmer they are Congress B team
But market price is less the company cannot purchase.     The farmer go to tehildar but the do nothing what farmers did
Welcome to Delhi dear farmers and labourers. One should after today  reach parliament from where Black laws are coming to give strong message to draconian regime under chai besnewala PM
The fact of the matter is all the farmers growing everything other than crops that come under MSP, are making a better living. MSP has been boon for few but bane for many, and those few want this system to remain intact.
I support you my beloved farmers. Don't afraid. Congress party come soon on centre. Everything favour to you.
Farmers are protesting for their rights
I think govt must accept farmer's demand to universalise MSP no matter selling to private  or mandi
Bharat should be aware of people like Owaisi a Taliban lower. Even Muslims are not safe in a Islamic country. Send him to Pakistan with his family.
Farmers biggest march against Modi. Better than outsourced brahminical headed IT. Look at the unconnected losers muted: Narayana Murty Nilekani Ambani Tata who are day trading.
These amendments aim towards better and assured price discovery by minimising adathiyas participation in value chain but this too might have adverse effects. As adathiyas also share risks in agri value chain, therby safeguarding smaller farmers in some scenarios.  For example, recently some trader/exporters in some northern state had fled out of country without clearing payments of middlemen. Imagine farmers in place of middlemen bearing the burnt. In similar situation, small farmers might find it difficult to pursue the matter in courts for justice.
3. USA supported Taliban to Support Pakistan.
Like one of the Sikhs said On China and Pakistan borders we are fighting and dying, we are not terrorists then.
Farmer need money what he had done in land not politics
ASEAN farmers should pay more attention to this... Our thoughts and prayer be with you farmers of india...
I respect and appreciate you for your regular coverage of farmers agitation with your positive response and support. Be keep it continues.
What is interesting is the tent labels - Funded by UK on these places where farmers were fighting with swords.
Now who will decide the National Intereat National Interest will be at stake due to WTO.  And  why should farmers suffer from WTO
Imran Khan has praised the Taliban for breaking the chains of slavery (gulami). If that is the case the Afghan population should be ecstatic and flinging flowers at the incoming Taliban soldiers as the French population welcomed the Free French and Allied soldiers after the liberation of France in WWII. Will Imran Khan explain as to why thousands of Afghans are trying to flee the country? Thousands of Afghans are thronging the Kabul airport, border gates of the neighboring countries, resistance in the Panjashir Valley, and the cities rising up about the national flag. So, where is great welcome for the conquering heroes that Imran Khan seems to be so taken with? S M Qureshi is visiting different countries to obtain international recognition for these blood thirsty cut throats. Pakistan will have lot to answer.
Yogi Modi are standing with the murder accused.
That's what happened in New Delhi on 26th 2021 Republic day . Because, it was one happy celebration, for one day , One goal for both the two parades , one at the Central capital region in Rajpath , New Delhi and One by the farmers -- a planned & practiced peaceful event in the outskirts of Capital region.
India should not confront Taliban at any cost.We know it's almost impossible for a alien force to win l,bcoz of Afghanistan's geographical conditions.India already got many internal problems to deal with.
'Cut your loses and retreat'. But to be in that situation in the first place passing anti indian population laws to please your RSS BJP Hindi vote bank is reckless and arrogant and only protrays a Hindu fundamentalist government.
First of all yes Taliban is a terrorist background& there ideology is similarity of terrorist ideology & yes they are terrorist. India doesn't recognize Taliban is a Afghanistan government at least present time.
I no longer support the BJP. They have stepped back from necessary reforms and proven that incessant crying can stop them. They've given an incentive to CAA protestors to come back onto the streets and get that repealed as well. If farmers were such smart people who always knew what is better for themselves, all of the world's agricultural improvements and reforms including India's green revolution would never have happened. And I'm in the agriculture industry by the way.
I am from UP I won't cast my vote to MODI and BJP
Even Jews have their own country. No country for Hindus. Declare Bharat Hindu rashtra. Let Khalistanis move to Pakistan or Afghanistan, their benefactors. Yogiji should neutralize these Khalistanis before UP becomes Punjab of the late 1970's for Hindus.
Canada pm shuld look in this state notun India. He has no right to interfer in India our Modiji PM is the Best & no one can compare him. others r jealous so they say wrong about Modiji but we r proud of him.
Aapne Jo explain Kiya  vahi  farmer Ki problem h ..or yeah law Govt pepar me to aacha h lekin ek chote farmer ke Liy bhut problem wala h.
Great video but missed mentioning how Haryana farmers protested against their State BJP Government as well, not even allowing the CM to land his helicopter.
We support Kissan ...not goons n criminals who r trying to defame innocent farmers in d name of protest...we dont support weapons , attack n hooliganism...
Dear Mr. Gupta, your intent is appreciated in explaining the bills. I suggest you must at the begning of your message must come out to say if the talk is   good or bad for a commoner  and your interpretion is free of bias and is meant to share the truth, you  would then have actual comments from your readers.. This would leave the reader a better state of mind   in taking keen and attentive hearing. Thank you very much. I would Request you to reach this content to the farmers and this can only happen if you also cover this in Hindi and other regional languages . I  wanted to message in Hindi but not very proficient as such in English. 
Bhakhi sab to enternment  channel chala rahe hai, new ke naam per zaher phaila rahe hai specially Zee news, i hate godi media,
Farm laws are good needs to be implemented and we should support it .
Great win of the farmers against the government
Thanks Arrfa khaum ji Baljit Singh sandhu California I am a son of farmers & Second World War  &  15 family members in Indian army/ Aitforce  BSF
Taking down the national flag by farmers defamed our country and other farmers also. The protest was like a state invading the capital of the nation. Remember, The world is watching us.
Some farmers Union responsible for these protest has  apologised  for things that has happened on the Red fort  and withdrawn from the protest.
Afghanistan and iraq main haar ne ke baad america ka economy khatam ho gaya and they failed to win the war they started politically taliban could be funded indirectly by pakistan china russia and iran    and. International stock market  and hawala channel and syrian oil
This is one of the best videos I have seen about farm bills.
"Farmers Protests in a nutshell".....
I think his knowledge of farm and farmers is from theory
4. How farmers reach their , I mean see their is a bus stand their , cars are their , 
The complete history of farm reforms going back to the first UPA govt and before. So many reports by so many eminent people. Did these happen without consultation with the farmers? What are you saying? The thing that should have been done 30 years ago when we liberalized our economy still hasn't happened and you still come up with such excuses? 
That Modi is prepared to repeal the farm laws, clearly shows that electoral considerations triumph good policies. And it has once again shown that aggressive agitation by a few thousand will force a change in laws even though good. So much for democracy and the power of parliament passed laws. Highly disappointed.
Very good thanks to the farmers
Yes sir you are supporting so much to farmers .keep it up.and government have no right to go against farmers . As they should see farmers wish and .agree what farmers say.
Police have to understand they get food from these farmers.
I respected farm protest and it was fare. Thanks Modi for being good.
Very unfortunate that the only chance of improving the farmers life .....if Modiji can't do it,then there is no other hope....
Government must make MSP a law to assure poor farmers
Next protest on CAA and article 370 are going to intensify ... I think this is not a good decision .. govt should negotiate and try to solve farmers concerns instead of repeal it
Main thing is right to get msp for rice and wheat and pusles  at least 10-15 rs per kg and pds shd b raised to 10 kg per person per month or 40kgs per family to all ie 3.36lk crs must b kept aside ir 140cr x10kgs x12mths 20rs ie 3.36lk crs must b kept by as food security of the nation another 10kgs must b provided as protein subsidy to each person ie another 3.36lk crs with immediate effect and farmers allowed to sell thr products against to shops from wr off takes can happen in each village and cities with govt intervention for distribution and storage providing 400rs per person shd b made a fundamental right to life per month when these bstrds get 80-5lakdh as payment for doing shit
Mr. Modi also sacrifices Indians welfare in the name of election benefits and power. We lost our hope with Mr. Modi
#My support for all world farmers
 Because the apmc mandi infrastructure is mostly.in  northern India. Where punjab has 1 access mando to 125 sq km in other it can range upto 1500 km per mandi. So these farmers in those states don't have access to mandi and they sell in private mandis then which is what the gov wants. So they're are not affected. 
Farm laws will help farmers make more profit ryt?  , it will eliminate middle men and their pricing system, then why farmers protest? , By doing this farmers will remain poor.
Rakesh Tikait ,U'd brought those innocent kissans & U r solely responsible
Mr Gupta, you have nicely summarised the issues in hand regarding farmers protest. It would be nice if you could get it translated into regional languages or at least make one such video in Hindi
Great victory by farmers but this ruthless ruler ( Modi ) killed over 600 farmers. Think about if you belong to a farmer family and your elder brother who went to farmer protest never came back. Close your eyes and visualize that pain for a second. 
I wish same for Pakistan let Taliban rule they are better love from India 
As a farmer I find it good. I can sell to anyone I wish. I not just a farmer anymore , I am on the way to become a businessman myself.
Akhir Line par le aaye kisaan, lesson now all bills must be debated and not rolled out in dictatorship style
It's time this police are suspended from their job permanently so that they will thing twice before killing another farmer
A victory for democracy against heavy odds and manipulated media
I always stand with farmers
Only Mandi Mafia protesting, if it is bad to farmers? Why not all over the india farmers are not protesting?
You mentioned PepsiCo purchasing patatoes from Punjab farmers but you didnt mention the exploitation of PepsiCo.
If this laws had come during congress period, Modi supporters would have been protesting instead of farmers
Why our farmers are committing suicide despite the existence of apmc.
Halka bal pryog kra aur kisan serious condition me hospital me h kitna jhuth bolte h sarkari bjp chmche
Farmer's leader= we don't need any changes or improvements in agriculture,we are happy with our condition.
Gud narration and dissection of the farm bill. All parties in India wanted the bill passed but still not pass it so the farmers will be fooled. This bill will definitely help the farmers per se but not the land lords and mandi zaminder . Gud for the agriculture industry which will grow now, ppl will be encouraged to do farming. Nice to know about the communist cannot do anything. Should be wiped out of Indian politics.
Pahele to government ko ye check karna chahiye ki wahan exactly kitne real farmers hai.
it is very sad now farmers will lose everything to middlemen!
Farmers or goons
Farmers are poor soul, don't do anything wrong to them, dear police.
Thanks or convincing speech on the farmers bill
Sir Ji why you people not asking this question. Farmers already handover 3 people to police who was in the vehicles where they gone.
I support farmer's protests.
God protect the farmers!
Please mention why you are against the farm bill 2020
What the reason to host a religious flag if  it is a farmer protest? Not only sikhs are farmers.
This is not the way to fulfill their demands.....ap railway track pr baith kr bhut galt kr rhe ho apki vha s kitne jayda train cancel h 100 tain cancel k gyi jin logo ko urgent khi jna tha apne dhuk ya khi kisi kam s kitne dink phle s ticket books or sirf tum 50'100 logo k vja s kitne hazaro lakho logo ko asar pd rha h I am also a farmer but I request to all of you plz think about others
There has been no dialogue between farmers and modi. Modi never went to meet the farmers who were run down by his own ministers son. So many farmers gave their life during his protest. Modi's always doing U turns and never fulfilling any promises he made. He is useless and only in his head is he a strong man. China is invading India and Modi can do nothing. He's a coward. This report is wrong! It's not emotional at all. Farmers are wise.
It doesnt matter if you support the farmers bill or oppose it. You have to admit that the way it was passed was completely undemocratic
Also its not several states its only 2 states with the richest farming communities creating the chaos, India is not Punjab Haryana only, farmers are not in Punjab and Haryana alone . So please don't project a protest by farmers of 2 states as representative of whole India . The farming community of MH ,MP ,UP and the rest are sufficiently happy for this bill. If you own a farm you'll know the difference pre and post farmer bill era.
I also explained farm bill 2020 on my channel. If you are interested, be sure to check it out.
THANKX ALOT BROTHER FOR THIS VIDEO . AS GODI MEDIA IS SOLD ,NO ONE WILL SHOW THE TRUE REALITY  THAT HOW MUCH KNOWLEDGE THESE PEOPLE HAVE ABOUT WHATS HAPPENING ...MAY GOD BE WITH ALL OF US 
Till date, I haven't seen anyone explain the laws to the real farmers. That's where the problem is, we don't have a way to communicate the government schemes directly to the end person.
I am sure if BJP will project Modi as next PM I will go for NOTA, my vote for BJP in future will be only when it will declare Yogi as PM.
What about those 700 farmers who lost their life ?
Thank you BBC for continued coverage of Indian Farners. They're struggle is like looking in to the past and future for all farming and agriculture around the world. Past, from US agriculture perspective, where farmers are forever in debt and it's easier to conglomerate until a few big companies manage all the farming land. Future, because all other countries that have yet to admit big agricultural companies can see how profits over people will crush their current community structure.  like watching a slow steamroller raise your house.
This failure with farmers should not become a trend setter for other good laws that would be brought by any government.
Farmers on road means revolution around the corner , which is most needed at this time in India ...
These law looks pretty and hunky-dory on papers but talk to a farmer he'll tell you the ground reality.
Huge loss to farmers. 
Still farmers have rejected the offer and to continue the protests. Hilarious..
The best that has happened is this lathicharge (that was overdue for more than 9 months) of shameless rowdy farmers.
This protest still hits you different if you belong to north indian farming family. If ykyk
Excellent interview. Jai jawan Jai kisan. Very true, Jats are not only farmers. There are numerious caste & creeds in agriculture field.
And also those farmers loved this farm laws. They can ask their respective State govt to launch this farm laws in their state and if they want they can protest it depends how much they want this farm laws what say?
Yes. Yes. NDTV. 'Farmers'. Lol
Vallabhbhai went to Bardoli for the help of the farmers, one protesting lady called him Sardar
shame on india. poor farmers need help
All farmers had was speculative fear, the communist implanted psyche still persists in the country that doesn't let good things happen . Many are happy that farmer won modis arrogance is decimated but  these regressive attitudes are hurting the nation. The repeal is taking the country backward and  don't feel bjp will let other parties to pass these bills if they happen to be opposition in future, in the end the nation suffers.
Even big corporates can form cartel and eventually monopoly so removing apmc would further detoriate the farmer conditions 
Farmer wants toilet not gun and glory
People are saying that these were for the betterment of farmers. I just have one question if they have studied a little bit of Polity, What was the need of passing these 3 laws through ordinance if there was no malafide intentions?
Lol. India has always been in this case that they don't give others dues. Pakistan stands firmly with our Sikh brothers there and Muslims in Kashmir. They have been suffering with radical Modi and Hindus.
Being a farmer myself, I DO NOT support the government on this bill. I have sold my wheat produce on MSP, as well as to private players. The claim by the government that a farmer prior to this bill could not sell to a private player is a total LIE. In fact ,I always had an option to bargain better with a private purchaser due to MSP. This will gradually push me to look at other crops than wheat and rice. If all farmers slowly start shifting from the staple crops, then price are bound to increase.
vote for correct party or independents  who respects farmers and treat every section equally .
Agriculture" is State affair not Centre govt in Indian Constitution- SEVENTH Schedule - State List- Point 14 & 18. Modi govt & BJP leadership has damaged DEMOCRACY in day light.And Supreme Court failed to challenge Modi govt. Bjp leadership openly labelling citizens as " anti national", spreading hatred on name of religion. Worst government. Support farmers protest 
Love And Respect for Punjab, haryana and UP 
Just a strategic move, right before elections in UP and Punjab.. it could have be announced on any day, any mann ki baat show, but the choice of day is a religious day... Everyone in media first gave tags to our Sikh brothers like terrorists and raised questions if they are really kisan or not seeing their appearances.. comments like 'Kisan hoke pizza khaye ja rahe hen,
This bill had many advantages to farmers.. with the direct intervention of private players will reduce the chance of wastage of crop grown... This will improve the technology investment in farming that reduces the burden for farming.. and many advantages.. India has a myth stating farmers are uneducated, innocent but in reality present generation is not like that. Instead of saying private players can loot farmers let us educate farmers
Bill seeksamendmenttoEssential Commodities Act, 1955which was introduced in 1955 when India wasnot self-sufficientin food production, there wasfood scarcity. Limits were enforced to checkhoardingandprice riseofessential commodities.
If farmer's have issues and doubts for bills, government  need to talk to them and clear the doubts. Most important thing is why government  is supporting privatization... 
Even after giving a law on msp and abrogating 3 farm laws , tikait will not stop the protest because if the protest stopped who will know that rakesh tikait exist
Also, Rakesh Tikait in a way is also a hero, leading not just the farmers but entire India from the front. I hope he does not disappoint us later.
Farmers rocks always and full support from Bihar
4. India is federal state which means our constitution clearly defines the power of the central n the state government. Agri Sector comes under state subject and every state make laws according to there requirements. As India is a big country n so many states, it is a very complex system n a big headache of big corporates who are eyeing to milk the agri Sector for a long time. Now with this 3 bills, a master stroke, under one nation one India, Modiji has brought Agri Sector in India under central government control n mind you, this is against what the constitution had defined. No wonder who will be smiling all the way to the bank. Not very hard to guess. Wah Modiji Wah!!!!
1. Since the MSP does not apply outside the Mandi, the implicit assumption is that the farmer will come to the Mandi and get that price if private markets dont bear that price.  But, since in the new set up most likely initially non-mandi markets will drive most of the business out of the Mandi, it will lead to the collapse of the Mandi system entirely. This will eventually lead to its demise. At this point the MSP will be gone!  Now you have a free market without a bottom MSP price.  And as we know from the west agriculture prices dont increase with market pressures.  That is the issue. Make MSP pan India outside of Mandi. 
Respects for farmer
I strongly support the ideology of Kejariwalji. He is one of the honest and visionary leader of our country. He deserves to be the PM of India.
7:16 "zameen sadi Maa ae "....this hit me hard.. Seeing this people love for their lands made my heartmelt ...and those politicians and godi  media out there is saying they are terrorist 
We should support the farmers, they are protesting for a just and honourable cause
I can already image Modi sitting in sigh with his right hand on his chin and looking for a reason to blame Pakistan
almost all of the farmers from the country support these laws. Only these stupid farmers from one state Punjab are fighting to protect their and their middlemen priviliges and cartles on the expense of all the farmers across the country. 
Goosebumps at 0:51. Jo Bole So Nihal, Sat Sri Akal . Jai Hind. Bas mere pyare Sikh bhaiya naal yhi ardaas hai..kisi political party k behkawe me mat aana aur na hi violence karni h. Love from Haryana. Was a modi/bjp supporter earlier but this kisan movement opened my eyes.
Farm bill or reliance retail bill?
jav farm bill laaye toh comment mai farmers k support  mai bol rahe they ...av jav repeal kar diye toh bol rahe hai govt ne repeal karna nahi chahiye tha ...acha bill tha...arey bhai chahate kya ho ...double stands dikh jaa raha hai 
Ab doubt hone lga h , Kya ye protest farmer hi kr rhe hai, ya koi or krva rha ...#westandUnited
I'm just returning from a short tour from Punjab. I have seen that people are happy with Channi. Angry with Captain because he did nothing in Punjab. BJP is no where in pic. Channi's electricity rate cuts are impressive and he has assured people that it may go down more if his experiments go well. He's doing good in drugs control also. This is what people are talking most abt. On Sidhu/Pakistan people are silent and not worrying much because they believe that center has a role to play also.Even If Sidhu tried to go wrong then center can handle/manage. Current CM impression is growing more, every day.
Look tshirt  of farmers 
y does d govt not withdraw d bill unconditionally? if d bill is for farmers n farmers don't like tis.... WITHDRAW!!!!!!! start d discussion afresh, take farmers into confidence n present d modified bill. No point discussing now if bill is right r wrong....
How shamelessly police throwing stones on the protesters,  but hats off to you our farmers,  same allegations is on Delhi police when they were tackling protesters of shaheen baag
What about the other farmers of India like the poor states of India e.g Bihar, Odisha, Chattishgarh, Jharkhand. Are they also having anything on this agitation? I agree that BJP has a certain high headedness in talking to the agitating people. I will squarely put the responsibility of the Agriculture ministry, are they not able to understand what is the pulse of the people who they are representing. If Govt is saying it's good for farmers then the agriculture minister should be able to convey this to farmers.  We are not a developed capitalist society where you can leave everything on the market forces, the government should definitely take care of the people by providing them means to mind their business. Education is the solution for the majority of the problem govt should focus more on that so that we can fix the issue of so much of the workforce working in the farming sector and its also high time that govt should turn its focus on other poor farming states, where there is the actual problem. The majority of farmers here are rich farmers who have their farming laborers working on the field so it doesn't matter to them if they have to hold the city to ransom for 4 months.
Why are only Punjab farmers protesting, can anyone explain please?
Panjab has sent 50 trains of food to support indian people nutrition and basically feeding the hungry. 
Farmers are always strong and always will be no matter who ever tries to rule them amazing  My Salute all the farmers they are true Patriots 
What a drama,  though it's a victory for for farmers. Wonder what bakth will say, they  called farmers as terrorists.  This can't end here, to say our country bjp should be defeated in UP.
Meanwhile Bollywood destroying taliban in netfkix series Hahaha come and face them and rescue your puppets atleast.. taliban captured helicopters India gifted fo NDS pigs lmao
BJP not afraid of farmer's plight & UP elections becos they have plan to have big communal  violence like Gujarat 2003
#ChildOfFarmer
It's not a victory..a huge loss for India and those small farmers... really sad
Farmers ki 4 th demand smjh n ayi....
The government needs to help farmers share mulching machines thru farm co operatives. 
I am real farmer and I really love this farmers bill. Those who doesn't know our problems and act like they know everything about us are protesting for money not for our good. We south Indians welcome farmers bill because we are not dumb heads. We know what is good nd what is not
Journalists & Wellwishers of farmers like you kept the spirit of this Movement alive.BTW,you forgot to mention the campaign of Punjab,Haryana and U.P.'s farmers in Bengal election...
- Dainik Jagran showng farmers as culprit
Basically, the problem lies with storage capacity and the babu culture of the middlemen as well as the agents. Exports should be much higher than what they are right now. That money could be trickled down back to the farmer's or the poorer sections.
I vividly remember Shekhar's politically loaded program on what would mean if Modi repeals the farm laws. He did not talk about those points today. Waiting for a program on political symbolism of this move. Hope he do not change his stance 
1:03 Farmers have complained about them and have demanded reforms. Which are those changes demanded by farmers? Since when? Why haven't they happened already. No comment
Why does the government not provide MSP on other types of crops? Why MSP is provided on crops like wheat only? Is there any reason behind that? If MSP is provided on other types of crops, I think it may encourage our farmers to produce different kinds of crops other than wheat. This will reduce the over-supply of wheat and hence reduce the wastage of wheat getting rotten in storage facilities. There must be some logical reason behind this.
Governmundlinguistic error. But still cute but as always my full support to farmers. Aap sab bole to hum sare nojawan bhagat singh banne ko tayaar hai
Not farmers flag it is "Nishan Sahib" a religious flag of Sikh community (not even any relation with khalistan). Please do research before news reporting.
India goes to the hell after taliban government hahahahaha 
Reforms are needed for the citizens, let it come through them and intellectual like him move from house to house to answer questions from farmers.
Farmers se mil rahe hain ..
of cane farmers are from UP, and the 
Thank you farmers for all your sacrifices. May God bless you'll.
Great salute to farmers
Now, it is  proved that  the  anna hazare is  the  great  supporter  of  BJP.
d)  Farmer can only sell the agri yields to the apex body at the price calculated by apex body based in particular with pricing policy adopted for other products of market. It is note worthy that pricing policy needs to be only one for home market covering the total nation. 
Yeh chote kisano ko akal ni ! Bade kisan are exploiting them .. dumb people .. they didnt understand the bill well !
Someone said the world  go on  without middle and upper-class people but not without farmers!
The farmer vs middleman relationship being helpful / lending money to farmer when in need, that itself is a problem....
Farmers are  protesting  in India to protect their livelihood from the hands of corporates in the name of 'reform'. They were not consulted before 3  controversial laws were approved by the BJP. These laws were rushed in the pandemic.
This Sarkar will eat farmers
ABP can u investigate as u always do for any matter. If it's against govt.and also son of a neta is involved, so dont do fake reporting as usually u do.  Please request do reporting like a journalist not like a godi media
I am a proud subscriber of this channel but this analysis looked naive to me sir. It's like you are being a mouthpiece of the govt policies here. What are the practical aspects of it? Are the corporates of India so dudh-ka-dhula? In the beginning they will invest in going to the villages and procuring crops from them at a cheaper price. this way mandis will simply go out of business. and then the corporates will do what they are best at - exploitation.  this is not the same as liberalisation of economy for the industries. these are farmers we are talking about. Most states do not have apmc's . There the corporates are already exploiting the farmers, eg. in Gujarat. Farmers of pubjab , haryana are visibly better off financially than other states - this is also why so many rw trolls are taking a dig on their attire, their tractors etc.  This makes me think have the apmc's really ruined them? Ofcourse there's corruption in the APMC, but the government should invest in removing corruption from it and helping set up mandis in all states. I'm not saying this is going to happen. But these are genuine fears of the farmers who are protesting now.  The least that the government could do in the face of farmer protests is to not bring in Army on the roads and call it a Khalistani movement. And not bypass the rajya sabha voting while passing the law. Instead they should have deliberated the dialogue with farmer leaders themselves and address their concerns. And this should have been done 2 months back already.
agriculture households In bihar, jharkhand, west Bangal, Odisha and Uttar Pradesh have an average monthly income of less then 5000 rs. Hence the income generated by a farmer in these states Is RS 166 per day to survive an entire house hold. The income of agriculture households in the country is estimated by the National sample survey office (NSSO) through the situation assessment survey. According to the repeat survey conducting during NSS 70th round during 2013 agricultural households in 22 states have a monthly average income of 10,000 include salery, net receipts from cultivation , net receipts from farming of animals and net receipts from non farms business. Average farmers income of BIHAR was recorded the lowest at just 3,558 . West Bengal at 3,980 , uttarakhand at 4,701, jharkhand at 4,721 , Uttar pardesh at 4,923 and 4,976 at Odisha. HARYANA recorded at highest farmers monthly average income 14,434 ACCORDING to data provided in RAJYA SABHA by NARENDRA SINGH TOMAR MINISTER OF AGRICULTURE AND FARMERS WELFARE....
Farmers .. spend 40 lakhs rupees ..for modification .. comedy... Karte ho kya ...
even the punjab CM accepts that the farmers protest has been hijacked by pro-khalistanis and pro-pakistanis... period.
Well i will say if sikhs were not involved in this protest, it would have been raptured very earlier..i have visited singhu border during this protest in March..and the spirit of sikh people over there cann't be described in words...From Food, medicine, books, clothes, groceries, blankets, shoes, tents and so many other langars were runned there 24/7 for free...i haven't seen all this in my life and i couldn't believe first what all i was seeing...Hatsoff to sikh community..they are truely Courageous and unstoppable...and also all other farmers too no matter what religion they belong to,  played important roles too...Congratulations to Farmers for their victory
Now ndtv has become Godi media shame 
Tikat or dacoit doesn't matter ,talk about reality of the situation with impartiality.
Farmers also feel, after implementation they will start selling their crops to the Corporates not the local mandis to get better prices which (in few years) might result in the end of local mandis. Once the deserted mandis are removed by the govt (shown as loss) the real face of the corporate would show up and the farmers will lose bargaining power to big corporations in the absence of MSP & APMC)
When the corrupt middlemen were doing nautanki in the name of protests the farmers remained silent and are hence paying the price
Ajay mishra , you live like a prince. How do you know suffering of  a farmer toiling in hot sun for a few rupees to feed his family
We support Farmers protest
It's a battle against company Raj 1857 now history repeating it's self in 2021. Jai kissan.  India is with our farmers .
1:40 - police using lathis on farmers tractors and beating them
Seeing the ruthless attack on the agitating farmers it seems that the blood of the British is flowing on the body of them.
3 farmer's laws are still their 
sad to see farmers struggling alone
2)Farm Law says that the farmers can sell their yield on the basis of contract which means the company which comes to farmers and says that hey we wanna buy your yield and they come to conclusion with some fixed price per kg. 
Very  bad   handling  of  the  farmer's  by  UP  GOVT . VERY  BAD .
For people who don't know why this is going, The 20202021 Indianfarmers'protestis an ongoingprotestagainst the three farm acts which were passed by the Parliament of India in September 2020.Farmerunions and their representatives have demanded that the laws be repealed and will not accept anything short of it. 
All should work towards betterment of whole indian farmer.
Thefarmeris the only man in our economy who buys everything at retail, sells everything at wholesale, and pays the freight both ways.
This  not came from the farmers family if he is from the farm family he never block the road for farmers
Thanks  to   international  media    and  Vice   for   covering  farmer  protest    And  true picture  wich  Indian  media  not  showing    (from punjab  a  farmer )
% of farmers having land and cultivating themselves which u have mentioned is wrong and also 86.2 % is also wrong
in a country where 75 % of farmers r poor,illiterate and unprotected..only  god can save them since sc is already tied
KHALISTANI JAISE TERRIBLE PROBLEM KE BICH KEJRIWAL JAISE JOKER PUNJAB KE LIYE BILKUL THIK NAHI HAI  , SERIOUSLY BILKUL THIK NAHI . KEJRIWAL PUNJAB KE POLITICS KE LIYE BILKUL THIK NAHI HAI
They killed the poor farmers
the journalist is kinda nervous about "the violance". did she ever stopped to consider that dispossessing farmers to the benefit of corporations involves violence?
India is at civil war, there are increasing number of pockets in India where Indian identity (Hindu unity) is rejected with hatred. Farm laws were supported by many farmers,but rejected in these pockets.We have Kashmir, West Bengal, Kerala, Tamilnadu, few of North eastern states, if my guess is right ruling party of Andhra is also Hindu haters party (look at their party flag). Hindus have elected Modi knowing fully about all these. But Modi and BJP is utter disaster for Hindus. These problems need intelligence to solve and I think BJP looks helpless and incompetent.
Then farmers get best price.
We support farmers 
It's not a problem of the farmers only ,rather all the common man will be affected by this law. Can one simply imagine how hoarding is legalised?!
My question is why the farmers from particular state of our country having problem with bill..and why  not from other states much. SOOCHOO
Government have also came act for commission agent to purchase farmer crops on msp act do them it necessary..
Government making inflation high, so that farmers income doubled... PM is a mirage....
I am always Proud...but now I feel... I am Lucky and Thanks to GOD that...I am an INDIAN...and a race of Sanatan...Jai Sanatan...Jai Hind... Bharat Mata Ki Jai
Modi ki tapasya (violence)mein kami thi . after elections ye tapasya (kisanon ko samjhane ki police Violence) complete hogi. Ajit Doval's advice to police /IAS officers will subvert civil society including kisan . wait and watch new strategy of preparing IAS/IPS to take punitive actions against civil society including kisan
yeh sale sardar hi kisaan hai kya??? everywhere u see there r radical khalistanis, UP police should send all sardar to their respective state and protest there.
We support the farm bill
This is only possible Like you and your type media and farmers big efforts.
Salute to farmers no farmer no food
BJP will lose the upcoming punjab elections....It was a known fact...The time when it was necessary for them to show grit and stand down for the betterment of the nation in its progress they backed off.... just heartbreaking to see the nation backtrack 30 years of progress....
Big cheers to farmer,he wanted his name to be itched everywhere what a shame 
Farmers may have some genuine concerns but these bill have been discussed over 17 years. 
Most of indian Sikhs never supported khalistan...don't defame them
ALL INDIA KISANS MAZDOOR EKTA JINDABAD JINDABAD JINDABAD 
I also belong to farmer family
Many many congratulations to the farmers of my beloved country,
Modiji will not dare ram the Sikhs on the wrong side .
....... unfortunately, our IAS officials and some political leaders also who prepare such attractive blueprints of so called reform bills have no idea of poverty, lack of resources, want of education,  want of computer internet technology, lack of logistics & paper/documents works with our Indian farmers, therefore, our Indian farmers ( unlike American farmers) are not at the requisite threshold of managing /marketing of their produce by themselves .... inevitably, under the circumstances our agro-marketting is successful as totally dependent on our Govt agencies ( existing system of Mandikaran);  however, in implemnting the so called new reform bills would be distrous as it will open all possible corrupt avenues for the private traders/middlemenn with all the wealth/perhaps even black money at their disposal who will rob the farmers and thereby kill the nation, because today, the Govt is able to have full control on procurement of the produce, and storage of  the surplus produce and its regulated distribution across the needy population of the country as well as regulating the exports and even free donation to the needy world, .... .... therefore, in India ( Unlike America as an example  discussed above in here) with these new so called reform bills of management of agro-produce it is definitely aimed at welcoming private/middlemen traders to buy and sell the produce which would definitely rob/deprive the farmers of profits and that would kill the nation as well, because our nation India/Bharat is comprised of smaller land holdings but by a huge population of small farmers who do not have the requisite threshhold to enable them to act/become private businessmen in managing/marketting their produce without middlemen ( either Govt agencies or private traders); our agro-marketting is surviving because of an intensive infrastructure  of procurement, storage, distribution in place with setting of price by the Govt, .... farmers feel secure with the Govt agencies in marketing aspects of their produce, while in case of private traders no one could secure our huge populace of small farmers with smaller holdings and small produce at respective individual farmer level .... only God will save the poor farmer and poor India .... as for as GDP is concerned if a major population of a nation ( farmers) are robbed ... then forget about GDP growth curves,called reform system system will be robbed by middlemenn instead; ...... i may be allowed to reemphasize / a repetition of a paragraph above in here, viz : 
Power to farmers of India . Love from Nepal .
Farmers of India are dying but modi govt is not listening to them from last 4-5 months
Hey Trevor, I really appreciate the way you bring news to people. Being an Indian (living in the US, right now), I still am unclear about the reforms (as everywhere it's only told that the private sectors gain while the farmers lose, which I would stand strongly against if the case be that. But, what I am curious about is the proposed reforms  in detail. Because, more than often in India and the countries alike, the protesters are given a piece of information that's claimed to be legitimate while the Government and the protesters never face off as the injectors of the agenda ensure that there's always a barrier between them so the protests go on for as long as possible) that the protest is against. I'd love to hear a more detailed explanation of this from you, so that everyone knows what it really is and acts accordingly.
The British were the ones to bring in laws that gave farmers equal ground as most farmers were poor. India is taking the right away. British realized business men of upper caste that bought grains/rice etc from farmers were exploiting them ie the weights used to measure the grain etc were adjusted o give advantage to the business buying grain products, grain cost to bring the product to the business was at the cost of the farmer. if the grain was avg quality it would be bought at a lower price but sold at the regular price. any other expences like putting the grain in packages was at the cost of the farmer. the business man was educated where the farmer was not. India is ruled by upper caste brahmins they follow the laws of Manu. Laws of Manu are slavery laws in which caste laws and laws for women are written along with punishments.
Isn't any agrement or deal possible with farmers. If land tenure laws change, they could become state managers of farming or consultants, no ? Understand ?
Don't try to cheat again  Now people of India is going to BJP from the power MUFTH INDIA FROM BJP
Farmer protest shayad hi khatam ho. Inke leaders ne election ladna ha. Koi aur demand like Guarantee of MSP beech me le aayenge.
So called "Farmers" Unmasked themselves Finally!! Thank you..we were right about you!
Next step, Modi gives Kashmir to pakistan and Arunachal to CCP. Great leader bows down to a mob for votes.
Indian farmers will now surely become a POOR farmer for ever in future. One hope of change also got ruined.
Jis per guzarti hai vohi janta hai, comment baazi seh kuch nahin. Silence for those people who lost loved ones due to covid, farmer protests, rapes, border (china and pk)battles and terrorist attacks. Stand up for ur own consciousness
And now bring laws and reforms for middle class not for farmers ok we need the benefits not other's 
Not only the life giving farmers should fight for their rights, but the public who are given life should join the protest with the farmers to kick out the fascist sanghie's gandu government. It's enough is enough.
Well, you have highlighted some of the more black and white issues(mostly binary anyways) but what is your opinion of the farmer's demands of legalizing stubble burning? Or the demand to drop the criminal cases against those involved in the red fort siege?
Why only 3 states farmers came out to oppose this bill...why there is no national level protest...
Just one clause permitting sales of agricultural produce outside of mandis needs to be available, for farmers to benefit from technology and agri startups.
If farmers have 1 month memory, they will vote for BJP. If farmers have 3 years memory, they wil vote for any other party. BJP completely lost the plot. Disgrace
Why dont you ask the ppl you are asking  to buy directly from farmers and sell them in their area/locality for a small profit which is beneficial for all.  just blaming the govt is of no use, MSP is based on certain formula and which will increase every yr based on the parameter or value when changes or increased.
Manipulative reporting to support BJP 
Views for this video (farmers) is in thousands
 God pardon me for voting BJP in previous elections on the promise of Badal Dal. 
how many lucknow farmers as audience? I believe very few ..
Why a very few farmers came to thank???
Canadiens supported during farmers protest,  now truckers in Canada getting hard time because of covid ruling by government.
Absolutely true.....we are with you..... Farmers are the soul of India
This is undoubtedly the best and thorough explanation of the farm bill till date. Thanks a lot Ganesh sir. You made it so simple with past references and described all the loopholes in the process.
The punishment of these farmers shud b that a nobel act as such  shud not b applicable on them...
No Sir, BJP will not win Punjab in fact met loose 2024 unless Shah , Yogi take over
Yaswant Sinha said: The Prime Minister has stuck to his reputation of springing surprises. The announcement of the decision to repeal the three farm laws came as a huge surprise last morning, which, apart from being the pious day of Guru Parab, was also the birthday of Indira Gandhi. The comparison with Indira Gandhi is apt because she also withdrew the Emergency when she realised it had become untenable. Despite all his bravado, the Prime Minister came to the same conclusion, and because he is an 'election-jivi', and elections to five states including the all-important state of UP, are around the corner, and because defeat was staring him in the face, he was left with no option but to withdraw these black laws. In my tweet after the announcement I said, "While I congratulate the Kisans on their victory over the government for the repeal of the farm laws, I attach no noble sentiment to the government for this move. It is a calculated step for the UP elections. For this government, democracy begins and ends with elections." So this is it: nothing more than an election gimmick.
Good video. Poor clarity. Shows alot of them at the *peaceful, farmer protest carring lathis & weapons*
I am looking for a day when farming should be incorporated style and farmer should be assured with the best price and free of stress
Support Farmer
I love BJP  because andovackt need to awake ....., BJP sold India but andovackt still sleeping.......
Praying for all farmer's of this world. Keep fighting love from WI. USA
Kisaan is doing nothing wrong . Wo India ka flag  bhi jhulaa rhe hai  kisaano ko galat mat btaao plzz ... they are  fighting for their right.. like  if u are with  farmers 
Then is this farmer's flag?
at the same time price of garlic in south india was 4000rs per 100 kg 
Are farmers of the entire country from Haryana and Punjab? Where are farmers of UP, Bihar, MP, West Bengal, MP, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra etc.
They were bringing market economy and competition for the buyers which would have benefited farmers 
Nice coverage.. shows how well planned and equipped the protest is. Wish people could focus on making farmers life better, than just protesting against govt blindly.
Leave the farmers alone they never asked for this bill, Modi government is trying to make business men rich corporations rich he doesnt care about the common man. Jai Kisaan Jai Jawan.
Bill Cancelle hora uspe kya charcha karna Rakesh Rakshas
That innocent uncle ji in 16:35 want to be in frame.. i support farmers protest 
2. It is fine that farmers can now directly trade their produce to corporates outside the purview of local mandies. In this context the following scenario ought to be considered.
farmers lost confidance in such mil batkar public ka  paisa khanewali team.
Rakesh tikket is criminal shame he represents farmers
What if that farmer who died was your family member/s??? 
They are god for us, We should always respect and support farmers.
Thanks brother for support farmer's .we farmers son never forget ur support 
Conclusion the law has its advantages  but wayyyy too many loopholes  honestly the government  can take it back ask the farmers on what they need especially the smaller  ones who are the majority .
Sad life for the farmers who really needed these laws 
I support the amendment done in the agriculture bill. It will give market access to the farmers and liberate the farmers from the old Mandi system which is purely exploitative and embedded with corruption. While every sector has embraced reforms and privatization, why the so-called intellectuals have been living on the bread and butter of private sectors are opposing this bill.
They should have separate state of their own.. the only solution! Since modi godi has nothing to give them..
. Now after decoration from Modiji this jahil tikket group must leave else our court should intervene and kick these jsjils out from our delhi border..
I salute you all the Sikh farmers , The government must comply with your legitimate demands
Why is Delhi police not armed with guns, as is done in Washington DC, or Paris? Why does the government allow large numbers of people to stage a dharna in a public place in the first place? The people offered strong support to the BJP.  But BJP government is acting like a weak government. Why are people like Yogendra Yadav, Arundhati Roy, etc. out provoking unstable people to commit violence? The Kisan Andolan cannot be real. Who is funding them? No kisan can afford to drive his tractor hundreds of miles and waste his meager savings. No kisan is interested in planting a Sikh flag on the Red Fort. Are these agitators really kisans? It is time to promulgate martial law and arrest all the trouble makers.
Nothing would go wrong as have been soughted by Vipaksha. Pls recall Ex PM  Morarji Desai tenure wherein wewere witnessed to very much 'sastai' Chini were sold @2/- kg, Sing tel @ 7/- per kg without lining up at any shop. The reason Agriculture Kisan were permitted to sale their products directly to Public without taking any person / agencies in between.  So Our Beloved PM Modiji is doing in public interest. Please carry on Sir, very right action, Law, enforced. JaiHind, JaiBharat. JaiKisan.
honestly, very less people understand the struggles of farmers in India.
If thre is any confusion why can't govt pass a rule on conditional basis.. monitor how it works n be flexible to make changes.  Cz clearly current system is not helping if farmers are in distress.
Sir we farmars vote modi so we have right to aske qusiton and  tell modi saleusion ouer problems.ok
The number of farmers who gained by the laws have been ignored because of the arthiyas obstinacy
add msp as a law in bill. where is swami nathan report? where is 15 lakh. where is farmer double income. 7 saal main double nahi half ho gai hai. jimidhar kisaan finished almost in your Govt.
My dear farmers......I am a delhite and I came from an agriculture based  family.......my genuine question to you is......if you have issues with government is it my fault or is it any other delhite's fault.........then why have you blocked our highways......you could have chosen to revolt on an open ground but you chose to revolt in a way that thousands of people will get uncomfortable.....and tell me one thing.......apko problem hua toh apne humare roads block kar diye......kal ko hume govt se issues honge toh kya hum apki fasale jala de......media ho ya govt sabko APKE problems dikhte hai.....lekin koi humare problems nhi dikhata kbhi koi Shaheen bagh par road block kr deta hai kbhi koi kahi aur........humara constitution hume andolan karna allowed krta  hai leki uski liye apko kuch jagah decided.....hoti hai jaise jantar mantar wha Jakar protest krne ki permission leni hai.......duniya ka konsa constitution apne capital ko block krne ki permission dega apko......you could have gone to an open ground and wha protest kro we would too have supported you.....
kissan tractor was peaceful,but it bjp,rss responsible for projecting it bad in Delhi.
I was literally crying when you clarify about 'nishaan sahib'....I am sikh and I am also not happy when nishan sahib was hoisted on red fort....but 'taali sirf ik hath se nahi bajti'. Iwill always support farmers....kisaan ekta zindabad
Farmer's are misled by the opposition,
 When We farmers don't want this then why you are worrying about this.
99% of Afghanis who were interviewed also favoured making Sharia law of the land. Similarly, 84% of the Pakistani who participated in the survey favoured the same. The survey stated that in South Asia, high percentages in all the countries surveyed support making sharia the official law, especially Afghanistan where as many as 99 per cent of Muslims favor making Islamic law the official law in their country.
Why Indian main stream media not showing these facts 
#HARYANA  Thanks my all indian farmers love you all
Remember jalianwala bag !rise of British India ...... under modi govt.
Thanks for Dehlites for solidarity with farmers.
So to boil this whole thing in simplest possible form: Indian farmers doesn't want to set their own prices with capitalistic systems, instead they want to let other people set their prices? If they can organize protests this size i think they can organize some sort of consensus on minimum and highest prices what comes to their produces.
The Farm law would have helped the true farmer. The govt should have reached out to the actual farmer and conveyed its benefit. Now Farmer loose and Traders and middle men will benefit.  Farmer works day and night to get the invisible profit. Traders and middlemen get huge profit without doing any work. The farmer goes bare foot and not even afford a two wheeler, the traders/middlemen goes in car.
SG think its perfectly legitimate that crooks can demolish his office where many of them work just for a word politics. Now replace SG with farmers or any working class. SHAME and self destructive
Clearly if you would need anything in democracy country you cannot impose on them forcely.if farmers not want law then why??
Thnk u sir... Wonderful information to easily understand the Farm Bills...
My prayers to all mighty that Taliban should take up Pakistan too in near future.
So this is why I saw an Indian Sikh temple here in our area (Philippines) readying for a caravan of cars with signs that say "No farmers, no food, no future". I understand now, I support them in their quest for equality.
Pvt players are most welcome, we are optimistic about the bill, but protection of Farmers and his land is also important,  and they should also get Insurance on Post Harvest Loss, at same time govt should bring these Middlemen and Brokers under constitutional Supervision, they should be held legally responsible for all frauds and mismanagement, Landless farmers should get atleast that 2 hectares of farmland which they can own by themselves and farm labourering should be totally wiped of from our Country
FOR US FARM BILL  Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC) and Price Loss Coverage (PLC): refer to these article   https://www.usda.gov/farmbill
Very well explained .  It is clear that the common man must stand with the protesting farmers for his own good.
Log samjh nahi skta h  others County se log twitter key tha  kise aak ke chalte pura india farmers ka nuksan 
 joint committe of farmers and govt will finalize the law clauses that will benefit farmers or not. But unions are adament.
You have presented just one side of the story which is biased against the govt. I don"t think you have read or understood the Farm Laws. I hope you notice that it"s the farmers from mainly Sikh community who are laying siege of Delhi and holding the government and the citizens hostage. It is causing great inconvenience to people who are losing business & livelihood due to road blockage for months now & costing the tax payers millions. This illegal siege is well funded by foreign organizations often anti India terrorist groups who are Khalistanis. This group had committed Hindu genocide in Punjab and assassinated the beloved Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi in 1984. Farmers from all other states of India are happy with the laws as they help the poor. Punjab is a rich state with lot of rich middlemen who are out protesting as this will make it impossible for them to exploit poor farmers. This is a group of middlemen, paid protesters, opposition political parties, goons, Modi haters who can't see India progressing. So please STOP calling it a Farmers protest.
I think this bill is very advantage for farmers
Many Farmers need MSP. Government should fix MSP. Farmer bill need ammendments otherwise inflation will take life of lower middle class too.
Farmers brothers are visible today who were Khalistani yesterday 
Good job we support you I love my Indian farmers
Corporates will enslave farmers. Farmers deserve their independence and power for the crop their grow
Kudos! Brilliantly explained. I just have some questions around MSP. Won't making MSP a legal mandate affect the quality of the produce? Shouldn't there be some benchmark around quality as well as the kind of crop being produced? Should a farmer producing substandard produce or a crop which is abundant in supply in the market be also allowed to avail MSP? Or do we introduce MSP on only some crops which we foresee as needed more during the next 2-3 years keeping a certain qualitative standards in place for the crops. Thus reviewing MSP becomes a yearly or two yearly process for the Govt.
#isupportfarmers
#bjp through out from india 
Big achievement of Modi and criminal yogi government well done what a bravery
Congratulations to our farmers 
Kisan accident ya jaan bhuj kr maara jo maara wo bhag gaya nirdosh ko pit pit kar mar diya om shanti for all death ,for farmer,for bjp worker,for driver,for news reporter om shanti
This Farm bill will reap benefits to the farmer's only and give them additional options.
Love and respect you modi ji
Center should give choice to Farmers of other states to opt between old system and current modified system. May be after forthcoming elections. Farmers need to check themselves before agreeing to one system.
But IMF Chief Gita Gopinath, Agriculture Economist Ashok Gulati, The Print ke Shekhar Gupta Sir, in sab logon ne bill ko support kiya tha. In sab experienced logon ne Small Farmers ki security ko leke jo points uthaye the wo bht Valid the, ye sab points ko leke hi farmer's protest k leaders ko Govt k upar pressure banana chahiye tha ! Aise to aage jaake koi bhi Reforms kabhi initiate nahi honge agri sector mein. So, Dono hi side se loss to hua hai !
As simple as one can get....Just feeling sad for our beloved farmers, after all they all  are  ours.
Next time farmers shouldn't come and say their incomes are not increasing, and take risk of farming on your own, and commit suicide on failure. All the best farmers.
Therefore, India WAS a powerful nation with a robust economy before modi gov.
So don't say Govt. is not done anything. In democracy mobocracy won't work. The Govt. is elected by majority. They (BJP) might not have votes in Punjab, Kerala and TN. But that does not mean these states can go against the elected Govt. Either they have to choose the legal way (Court) or Govt. (negotiation). They have to respect farmers who are for the new laws too. Go to Kerala, you can sell your products anywhere and to anyone. Ironically Kerala political parties are supporting this agitation just because of politics. I can't even image a situation where I can sell my products only in one place to one middleman in a price that he is quoting! The new law will abolish it.
All the farmers who are doing these protests need to see this video.
Why Farmers still Committed "Suicides " before Laws ?
Just tell your viewer,  farmers of Punjab  are happy by paying Mandi texes because they don't want to depend on centre for their own development moreover 1.if this bill that much beneficial why Bihar is poor state.
does this mean that FDI in agriculture will largely mean mechanized farming and use of genetically modified seeds as corporates will want economies of scale? are wegoing the american way?
But sir what about farmers are demanding for MSp and protesting... Against
Who ever is organizing this historical protest, please reach out to the farmer leaders through out the country, explain them about the the stupid Farm Laws and ask for their support.
Dhruv pls make a video on, how the rates of crop decide in India and who decide them. This is a very big problem which our farmers are facing. The farmer should know what will be the profit or loss before sowing seeds.
Zaleel hai BJP sarkar....these farmers are being treated badly....
State or intra-State trade and commerce of scheduled farmers produce in a trade area:
i come from a farming background and i am a capitalist...i can clearly see how the government is handling the situation very cunningly....i support the farm laws but i disagree with the way the government is handling this situation...
Today really I am so happy finally farmers win the victory ,if any law will not in favour of poor, farmers and Indian citizens, then we can't impose forcefully ,if you apply by forcefully it means it's like a dectatorship, and this step is take back due to up election
Now true farmers are actual looser 
Farmers are given permission to protest but broke the rules which are wrong.
If they feel guilty, they should abandon their comfortable life overseas and join them in profession..It's disheartening to see Khalsa flag instead of Indian flar fluttering. They should speak as indian not as punjabi, haryanwi or biharis...
Support to dear Farmers from TamilNadu!
Very good explanation on farm bills by Mr Gupta
3rd law: Suppose these companies will start storing these corps for 2 -3 years and after 2-3 years they have enough stock and these companies refused to buy corps from famers because  they have more than enough stock. And that time the farmer will not have any options , how he will pay the loan which he took for cultivation and for harvesting. And that time these companies will took the advantage of these poor farmers and will tell them we can only buy your corps at half price because we already have enough stock and no place to store. So at that time farmers will have only two option 1st one is to sell corps at half price or 2nd one is to commit suicide because of loan.  
Bhakt joro shoron se farmer bill ka support kar rhe the aur unke bhagwan modi hi palat gaye 
Mr. Reddi.. the farmers have listed the changes (8-9 changes last i heard). Farmers met with Govt 2 weeks ago. Govt on the others side (PM repeated in his last "Maan Ke bat") that these bills are perfect and there will be no changes made. So where does this leave a room for discussion? Are we still living in a democracy? It doesn't feel like it.
You need farmers thrice in a day. Stand up for yourself by standing up for the farmers.
Very bad done by farmers 
All farmer leaders are responsible for this degrated event
Ravish sir is way above any journalist in India. The way he presents the stories is just amazing.
All these thieves are cheating these innocent farmers by telling lies about farm laws and bringing them to Mahapanchayat. I feel sorry for these innocent farmers getting defrauded by likes of Dakait and these so called farm leaders for their political gains.
Thanks everyone spotting farmers
Zindabad Students protest in support of farmers.
It used to be a farmers' protest and they used to put very valid points but now it has been converted into "Modi hatao" protest and had become a place for failed politicians and other unconcerned people to get some limelight
Incredible VICTORY of Farmers,
BJP in haryana: "Cannot allow protests in pandemic situation"
Thank you for supporting farmers
This presenter seems to have an agenda as well. What you call "violence" is the farmers using their tools to clear the obstacles put by the police to the road to Delhi. How do you peacefully clear big blocks of concrete and containers?
Why violence on the civilians, Panjabi farmers have the right to protest. . .
You make some valid points.... But you are obviously oblivious of the reasons why the farmer in Punjab and Haryana is angry.
My father and grandfather served in Rajput regiment and after retiring they started farming on our inherited land they are pro bjp but they disagree with current bill
Surprisingly, the headlines is about the traffic issues of one day for commuters, what about the lost lives and deaths of farmers sitting for 10 months and protesting!
this is only digital media platform that doesn't speak the truth..  To whatever extent the wrong committed by the leaders of ruling govt, it will always report in support of them, trying to justify those wrongs...
I support farmers but at the same time I respect police 
Jo class 10 th tak padha nehi woh farmer bill pe bolega aur log sunenge.
Biggest loss to farmer by so called farmer 
IAM GIVING MY FULL SUPPORT TO FARMERS- JAI SRI RAM
#in_solidarity_with_farmers
Rahul gandhi sale khud 2013 m agriculture bills ka bat kiya tha par ustime ke bad gandhi family ka koi congress party ka P.m nhi bana to mirchi lag gayi h aur ab jab BJP ne agriculture bills pas kiya to congress party ko jalan hone laga aur congress party ne kishon ko badkane ka kam suru kar diya jis se kishan bina smjhe congress party ki baaton m aa gaya par kishan ye bhul rahe h ki ye congress party wahi jo india se bahar public ka paisa loot kar jama krte h aur ye kabhi india ka acha nhi sochte h aur ab congress party ka sachai samne lane ka kam hum public ka h aur jago public aur kishan tabhi to congress party ko hatane ka time aa gaya h ab india se ye log shivsena aur congress party drug ka bhi business karte h india m hatao inko ab parliament se ......bhut hua congress party ka aatiyachr public aur kishan par aur india par ye log bas loot h india ko jaise phle british loote the india ko jago jago public hatao congress party ko ab .......hamesha jhoota h gandhi aur congress party aur hamesha rahega ye jhoot bas corruption karne m aage h congress party.......
They are the farmers they have human rights
These videos show that the average farmer is more intelligent than the prime minister of their country
 The farmers problems are not connected with production as it was in early days of freedom.But planning in production  marketing,  with planned economy, with insurance coverage needs.
Today my tution teacher told me to came to take classes but I say no sir i'am not coming bcz I support farmer and I stay at home and do my self studies
It's not minimum selling price. It's minimum support price you must understand the technicalities of both
Big farmer negotiate well and sell their crops at better prices.
1. Why cant the govt sell the stock piles themselves and then allow exports if the buffer stock is rising? If any law is forcing them, why not make a law allowing them to do that so that no farmer faces any issues..
If you have dare to face indian army . Then see what will happen. People will say once there was Taliban in the earth .
Those protesting are not farmers but middlemen & unemployed people. 
Let the farmers die in poverty, they have chosen this future for themselves. They don't deserve better system and reforms.
Farmers, protest is no use. Learn from Naxalite to guard your rights.
There will be time, when these kisans will beg for exactly these three laws, but no one will be available to support them. 
The govt. should not have stopped the farmers & let them reach India Gate so that they could protest peacefully & avoided all this.
It is so easy for NDTV to question with anyone because no other channel show true story Not a single channel show the news of farmer shame on indian media except NDTV
Modi govt & BJP leadership has empowered Corporates & left farmers on their mercy. SHAMEFUL & PAINFUL
I am against Farmers on Staple Buring issue.
Why dont you cover broker, how they exploit the farmers in Mandi system.
Keep supporting farming farmer 
Dear...these three Acts are not in favours of Farmers , you are focusing only outlines of these Acts but on other hand there  are many adverse affect on farmers....these bills are only in favours of traders and corporates...If a farmer violates the contract , then the traders get stay on his farm and due to the appiontment of big law firm..the farmer will not get justice...and Hoarding..the whole economy of India is around fifty Corporates and these are who control Modi Govt. ...and another big issue of WTO and IMF...they have big oppuritunity in Indian market and  Resources of which they use it at very cheapest rate and make money...our poor Indian people are once again on the path of slaveness due to bad Policies of Illeterated and tea seller...jumbebaj.....PM Shri Narender Modi ji...Please ..think deep..you will get all real picture of it... Jai Kisan Jai Bjarat
Govt. : These farmers are terrorists !!!!!
Ultimately bjp govt is in benefit, it was good for farmers ....
"FARMERS" lol do you seriously believe people are fools ?
Conclusion :- support Taliban is getting from poor people ( by helping them financially for fighting for them)  not due to love of people towards islamic Fanaticism . 
I am from Punjab, and believe me these so called farmers derserve this treatment...
That is why Indian farmers are opposing the new agricultural law.
Modi has shown weakness in the blockage incidents, in the insult f national flag and in the U turn. With the Hindus being a bit more aware, religion has become a factor in Indian polity. But with them having no other Hindu party BJP milks their emotion but doesn't care about them as they will have to vote the BJP. Thus Bengal boils, sadhus are killed. 
2.	When I was child, our village used to export milk.  But now we are buying milk from nearby cities. Now less than 100 dairy animals in our village (Due to age, farmers are unable to maintain these animals). What next? From where do we get milk?   
Modiji  Hindus are with you, they are not farmers ,they are goondas
He dragged this issue for too long and doing this after by-election results and months before UP elections clearly shows his intentions. If he had to repeal should have done much earlier. Many farmer lives could have been saved and the inconvenience to common public could have been avoided. With this move, he only ended up disappointing his supporters who will feel let down by this decision!
We r with the farmers.They r right.We welcome them to delhi.Govt should agree  to their demands.
So Now " We Should stand With Our Farmers 
if such foolish government really want to give benefits of these 3 bills to farmers...now they don't want this bill so government should remove from the parliament....jio wala hisab ho jayega ye bills agar raha to..
Politics may be different we may like or dislike the government but in issues of farmers and army people shudnt play cheap politics and we shudnt be misguided
Well these sink in minds of government in Punjab and Haryana who are creating unnecessary fuss
Sikho ke etihas me hamesha hindustan ko jodne ke lie veeron ki shahadat hoti ayi hai..or aaj khalistan ka nam le ke innocent farmers ke  parivar or unse  judne vale sikho or unke sathiyo ko log aatankwadi keh re h .....When tyrant Aurangzeb killed and raped families then Guru Gobind Singh's army  saved Hindukush from Islam by bloodshed and now I m seeing the consequences of saving them......
My heartiest congratulations to the FARMERS,who have written, a  History in Indian Democracy.
Monsanto was a primary cause of farmer suicides  they sold them seeds that grow once
No food with out our farmers, please support them
Farm bill gives more selling options to farmers instead of just taken advantage of by mandi brokers.
Killing is not a crime anymore but u need to be a bjp supporter.
salute India's farmers ... the peace and love is almost palpable here ... i am in mumbai and i can feel the thickness of the soul full  emotions  ... i want to see celebrations ... boundless celebrations that will see humanity smile ... heart beats in tune to the protesters' peace and joyful struggle ...  what a way to say goodbye to the old man of 2020 ... happy new year ... :)
It's also our mistake we should have showed quite vocal support for farm laws  and govt should have projected rallies in other states for farm laws favor by farm unions problem was only anti farm laws protest was seen across .
Anyone agitating and causing disturbances and breaking the Rule of Law by issuing threats to disrupt normal life must be arrested immediately and put behind bars. The perfect candidate now is Rakesh Tikait  who has issued threats again to block roads with his Tractors on 15 August 2021 just like he did last year.  The Central Government must use an Iron Rod against such culprits.
Jay Kishan,,I love Indian farmers .....soul n heart of our culture n pride ...
Let Haryana and Punjab government's block the bills only there as farmers everywhere else are happy with the bills and have no problem.
Farm bills has to be taken back.
It took a push to the farmers for the different races of India to come together.
Corona k dr se CAA k protesters ne protest krna bnd kr diya tha. Lakin Kisano() ne Corona,srdi, grmi, barish, bhookh, pyaas, laathi, dnde sb jhelte hue apna protest jari rkha. At the end govt. ko Farm bill vaps lene hi pde. bht Khushi feel ho rhi h. 
bjp accept defeat because of election but what after if they win election will they once again plan for farm law because one of the bjp ministers says that
Even if the intent is right the way this government is treating these bill and this protest is pathetic. They haven't even talked to farmers before passing bills.
Farmers deserve respect and government must listen to them.
Existing system of procurement was used for 70 years, did it made the farmers rich?
Middle man are going to gain and  real  Farmers are the loser. 
Good I suprort farmer
Best decision if it ain't broken don't try fix it all farmers happy only need msp as law
Ravish ji , The way you have described the movement ( Kisan Andolan ) is heartening . The question that comes to mind is why this kind of protest can't be organized by the employees of OFB , Bank & other PSU employees  .. unemployed youths and the common citizens asking the Government to stop talking about Aruanzeb and instead focus on economy  .. to initiate real development and not grand projects .. the need is to have a functioning system in health care , education , law & order , functioning economy .. the leaders can visit shrines etcetera and talk about it within their community  .. smashing of coconut and invoking Allah with a chant doesn't mean development,  real issues is to be addressed  ..questioning should not be countered by chants of Bharat Mata ki Jai , least we forget it our forefathers chanted it to question and overthrow the colonial rule - Jai Hind .
Govt please be kind to farmers. They are the ones who are feeding the country
Lastly, India should start a Tractors Race, call it T1 to rival F1.
Just look at NZ: they stopped subsidizing their farmers heavily. Their agro economy is actually GROWING in spite of being a developed economy.
I think it's like a cat and mouse game between MSP and farmers economical health. Though MSP is not the best rate for the farmers, still they seek ke MSP hi mil jae to badi baat hai..
give the liberty to the State Government (Especially the  BJP ruling state  )to implement the Farm Law. and simply wait and watch the game
India is with it's farmers
There have been about 76 deaths among the protestors. These are just numbers for the government, but for us, these are humans who sacrificed their lives for the future of India. Modi will have to pay for each and every death.
Whether Rakesh Tikait has any knowledge of analysing budget figures? Ignore him because he creats hatred.
Delhi girl gets emotional, says the bond is for a lifetime as farmers begin their Fateh March (Victory March) from Delhi borders after the controversial farm laws were repealed by the government...
A gross oversimplification of the entire issue. The protest continues, yet it's been months since some genuine concerns were raised. I get the anxiety some farmers have with the new laws, but these laws are not mandatory. The decision to implement these laws rests with the state. These exact laws were said to be need of the hour prior to being ratified by the parliament. What changed?
Dear andhbhakts, let's say Taliban murdabad, iam not saying it to show patriotism ,and I don't care about that,if your boss Mr. Modi and his government is against Tabliban then why they are talking with Tabliban in Doha (qatar)?If Modi government recognises Taliban as a legitimate government of Afghanistan then what will be your position?will you left andhbhaki or you will chant"""kuch bhi ho baap to humara Modi hi hai!!!!!"""
Pehle farmers suicide  nahi karte the hna or pehle to farmers  ki conditions  boht achi thi thik kia wapis lere h Kanoon ko kyonki bhens ke aage been bjane ke kya faida
This is what happens when farmers of any country become angry
#indiawithmodi
Alll Nation is with Farmers of the Nation . Please continue till these rules are withdrawn in the Parliament and MSP is passed in the Parliament
Let me tell how it turned violent police attacking farmer with weapons was ok but when nihanh singh protected farmers they were called atwaadi like guru Gobind Singh Ji was called baaghi
Congratulations to all farmers...
Lakhs of farmers can't be wrong.
Thank you so much for your support !  You are not like godi media .
In 2008 farmers were protesting against government that time they were saying they dont have open marketbut now?
Let the small farmers suffer who cares .. 
But the reality is they are not protesting for MSP . They want to scrap the all three laws fully . So farmers dont get freedom to sell anywhere else 
There was a ban on interstate movement of agricultural goods 40 years ago and currently without this law also farmer is free to sell the good wherever he wants
I think, This is my first comment in youtube. Wow!!! Just Wow!!!! . I am blown away watching this incredible explanation about Farm Bills. All Farmers and concerned citizens of India should watch this. Dil se bahut bahut bahut Shukriyaa !!!
Arnabs hate against Farmer protest is so satisfying. If he is targetting someone then that means they are doing something right
It means now or the other day the bill is going  to effect the common man.....as the prices will be controlled by few corporates...
Your reporting is favorable to farmers of Punjab and Haryana. Hope you take opinions of other farmers of the rest of India. You know how much soil exploitation is happening in Punjab and Haryana to just dump overloads of rice and wheat in those APMC stores? They are taking huge benefit of present system. Despite government gave written assurance that MSP will not be removed, the protests are biased like your reporting is. Thought newslaundry was unbiased. Your reporting suggests there should be no competition. Yes privatisation leads to competition and monopoly, but it cannot survive without innovation, so bsnl vs jio, nokia vs iPhone, Ford vs Tesla, HAL vs Dassault, people should be proud of Indian make and Indian PSUs, but should not be blind to fairness. You are reporting in such a way that you are supporting lethargistic people. Media should be totally neutral, unbiased and cover the whole regional opinions when reporting to whole India. I expected that from newslaundry. I can't expect it from many others as they are biased, because as it is that they take payments through advertisement. When reporting only to Punjab, your report is very good.
This is planned by Rakesh tiket , and Chinese supporting this violence
Except contract farming , rest 2 laws were never beneficial for d farmers.. But
It looks as though the general public should be the ones protesting in Delhi, not the farmers.
People are watching and getting clarity... Hope people are waking up from the slumber of modi  and yogi bhakti...
Our PM sahib had no time to meet the kisans personally then(because that was what the farmer brothers were asking for) but now on media platform on Guru Purab, announcing that 3 laws would be repealed.. would not change the hatred the BJP govt gathered in this past year..
Don't  provoke  us our  blood  is  up  .MODI ji  speaks  universal  truth
The details are inaccurate. Farmers are getting benefited from these new laws as middlemen who mostly were responsible for inflated prices, hoarding etc. are getting eliminated. The farmers protest may in fact just be a front for political Vendetta. It is as simple as that.
We support the farmers protest. Thanks for the informative video.
Please speak the truth like Ravish Kumar don,t be puppet of bjp.
No place for people who try to divide indian people. Angrejo ke agent murdabad.. Jai kisan. Abb kabhi nahi batege dharm ke naam par..
These laws were so important for our country. Farmers dont understood that it's their loss but we should had repealed that. Govt. Can run away or scared for protests. It actually created a bad trend, now tomorrow if protests continues what  will you also repeal CAA ,NRC , Art 370. 
The Minimum Support Price should be made a statutory right available against state and non-state buyer.
In India Physically Handicapped pay Income Tax but Rich and Super Rich Farmers do not .
Overall It means, New Introducing Farm Bills are beneficial for all including Farmers , Government & People of India ( Specially Average rich men & poorer) . 
True indians stands with farmers...Jai india jai farmers
Public money is used to buy paddy from Farmers of Punjab and Hariyana above market prices, so in short Public money on which the whole country's farmers have a right is distributed as incentives to farmers of Punjab and Hariyana. No wonder farmers from other states are not protesting
aren't these laws actually supporting the farmers then? if the leading cause of death of farmers acc to the government is financial duress, then doesn't it this indicate that income should increase by connecting buyers directly to farmers...what am I not getting here?... for all I know, the people protesting are the wealthy middlemen depriving the farmers of better income...
Jai  hind  sr  Respected Sr  make a video on 26 /11 I have no word by which we can call, respect u r 2nd God of India 1st one is "Bharat Mata "love you with my heart. .........
11th for how many years we will continue to waive off the loans of farmers? Dont there a foul play ie politics behind these farm loan waivers?
I am with bill. Ye government kuch to ker rahi hai farmers ke liye
No farmer no food 
The government has egg on its face. Finally the farmers brought the government to its knees
Now Box understand  and says they are rich farmers not the poor one's.
Farmers are working in their fields happily.
Farmers are role model for all Indians.
  Or last me ye v likha hywaa tha ki Taliban reject all this ........
They are not local people (it was cleared by every media) they are RSS and BJP Gundas
India needed 700 million toilets...... And Modi was building dams and infrastructure in Afghanistan
10 months after the video, Adani offered mere 17rs per kilo in the place of 63rs before farm bills owing to low quality. Quality of the crops depend on climate as well.
Salute to the old man...83 of age....wah Maza a gya dekhke.....more power to the farmer's.
we can distinctively see thieves are not farmers and rally is not happening for a noble cause.... 
if u love farmer thn subscribe kisan ekta jindabad
Only those farmers (a small group) who deal with foreign trade should be on strike,  the majority of Indian farmers
Thank you for this valuable information. This is happening all around the world. It is about disapropriation of farmers and humanity at large. And privatisation through coporate business which have no understanding of life or respect of nature or humanity. In Germany government is making so many stipulations that farmers are close to insolvency as they cannot do all the investments the government is asking for. Once farming is stopped in Germany - of course food needs to be imported. This way they can make the world dependent by "owning the food chain" they can "control" humanity. Vandana Shiva has brought this scheme to light and she is a woman of wisdom and foresight as well as fortitude. Thank you and God bless you. May the true people of earth rise in love and truth and may we live in harmony with the sacred planet.
The farmers have lost their Trump card now:(
beautifully covered. hope our farmers get their due rights.  Jai Jawan ai Kisan
They are fully farmers.
It is not the intention but the consequences of farm laws which will abolish MSP, Farmers are weary of.  Farmers have uncanny commonsense to know what is good for them.  The sincerity and honesty of government now is zero.
Yeah.. even though we in a democracy. Indian political parties trying to be a dictator. Without a doubt Modi has been the worst PM in indian history.
Logo ki lack of  knowledge ke wajaha se, Haar Gaye Poor Farmer , wapas poor farmer ke paise middle man khayega,.....
In fact all those who love taliban should be exchanged for Indian citizen.
Only Punjabi farmers are having issues..how abt farmers from other province/ states in India . They are happy with the new farm law. It seems Punjabis in India and Pakistan got major issues...
Farmers need more support from indian government this is so pls support the farmers
Just because some farmers couldn't understand the positive aspects of the laws, the whole farmer community will have to suffer.
Uneducated farmers...
Much needed but way delayed judgement by SC. In democracy you have right to protest but you can't block public places indefinitely. Many common people, business related transport even movement of ambulance is became tough. India loss billions per year for road and rail blocks. These people must talk with govt to resolve the issue. But it seems like some people don't want to end this agitation for their personal and political interest. Only some people don't represent farmers of the whole country. New farm law is for all farmers country wide and we must not underestimate silent majority.
how many real farmers is there.
This is real face of BJP and RSS see India  , our new India 
1st law will expose farmers to corporate who have more bargaining power.
Now all Farmers will become Crorepati 
My suggestion for Sekhar Gupta sir. On a lazy news day, you can do a cut the clutter episode comparing the farmers protests against farm laws versus the farmers protest for Amaravathi capital in Andhra Pradesh. Analyse the causes of the difference in behaviour. It would be very interesting.
Historic moment for the Indian Democracy...thank you to our brave and hard working farmers. You have shown us the mirror, salute to your courage.
If kisan is not. How Modi ge will eat. Modi understand
Are they from Pakistan?... unfortunately Indian Minister  are unaware of their  respect feilds problems..why govmt want to impose bill if farmers are not willing and who is actual beneficiaries ?
#WTF is Repeal of Farm Bill. 
If the farmers themselves do not want any policies then why is the nemestic government so eager to issue those?? Please stay strong farmer brothers, we all will support you no matter how long it takes to get justice.
Why india celebrate republic day while the farmers are in huge problem? It is the main problem of Indian government, right?
Mubarak ho SAB koo Ki Gunda Raj in full farm.... Shame for those who are in full farm to destroy the  image of the country... Gunda Raj... .. patience , Modiji is having I salute Modiji,God will punish them... ... Sikh Andolan not Andolan Atankvadi Andolan Jeeve.. n All opposition parties..bi we all should  Favour MODIJI... Hami Dash chalani hi.all oppositions are with these Andolan Jeeve...shame...for them...we all should be united now n Teach them lesson...... They think we are super now. These l people are against the country but we all people are  with Modiji.. jay Hind ,jay Modiji jay Bharat jay jawan jay... Asli Kissan jay Modiji
Shame on Indian government...proud to be a Punjabi
Abhijit is an effective critique when it comes border strategies and technical analysis. He is an effective haemorrhoid that irritates some well deserved orifices where the sun doesnt shine. But in this issue I am glad Modiji is PM and Abhijit is an opinionated talking head.
I hope this man will live miserably for the rest of his life.. #nofarmersnofood this is a small win for the greater good of India.. we cannot let this fascist run such a beautiful country..
Modified india anyone  can buy anything from MONEY  which they have.  They are not afraid from THE PEOPLE OF INDIA.
Furthermore,  bad farming practices of these farmers has led to the creation of wastelands and drought (water table) in Punjab.
I am not totally agree with your comment that export if on I an to Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. But onion is   very commonly  used by poor people in Hindi belt . If onion prices goes up in India because India wants to keep up its commentmwnt to export when our own people are suffering due covid 19 no income to spend freely then it is not the responsibility of our Govt to protect owen  people.
Sir, with all due respect, in relation to your comment on how the farmers could only sell their crops to one mandi is rather incorrect. There is no such restriction in the first place, the farmers could do this even before the act was passed. The only restriction was to the middlemen, they could only buy the crops in one mandi. The farmers had the choice to sell their crops in other states. And even if farmers do choose to sell their crops in other states, it only puts more burden on them in terms of storage and transportation and with 85% of farmers in India being small landholdings, they would not want to have such additional burden of cost and along with a risk that even the price in the other state is not favourable. These acts may appeal us on paper, but in practice, it doesn't work! Yes, there needs to be reform and investment in the agricultural industry but that needs to be from the government. These big private companies only run on profit, they will not benefit the farmer. With all due respect, but I just found that your comments were too far removed from reality in the farming sector. Speak to a farmer from Punjab, Haryana, UP, MP, Maharastra, Tamil Nadu and other regions. Listen to what they actually have to say, these farmers are educated, they know the reality of the laws. We, as consumers, will also suffer when such large companies start to hoard the produce with the amendment to the essential commodities act. Inflation would be the ultimate result. All the people who are protesting are not such narrow-minded, they have read the laws and know the actual effect of them. The power of the people is behind the unions. The politicians are only scared of their vote, farmers account for such a large proportion that they can't just ignore them. Farmers are on the streets asking for their rights, the least we can do is support them and understand their position. Such an analysis is too removed from reality.
Rakesh Ji you are great. Farmers are proud of you. God bless you. Anjum ji thank you also for the continuous coverage.
Slowly I am starting to hate these farmers.
Solution to this problem lies in increasing more & more control of farmer over Market Chain of middlemen from Farmer to consumer or cutting it.
Certainly this is farmers victory against the Ravans. BJP believed that they can annul the strike by some means and time. They realized that their arrogance will wash out BJP. We are indebted to the farmers who bore the wrath.
Ok these machines will be transported to Pakistan soon and we will deploy it on Indian border 
I some how feel that this bill and protest against it is kind of blessing in disguise for youth of The Punjab. It will give them direction and better use of their energies. It will bring them back to their original n will strengthen their link with their culture. Look the effects on music
If even half of this price is practically given to our farmers, there will be no farmers suicides. 
# we stand with farmers
Sir protest krna chahiye I support farmers
Big loss for majority of the farmers at the cost of few who could shout louder
Finally , govt is doing wrong for farmer, bcoz in future have to face many problem
I'm with farmers 
Won't MSP lead to excess produce? Farmers can produce how much ever quantity they want and govt will be forced to buy them? Shouldnt the market decide the price instead?
Kejriwal ji is very good in supporting speculations that farmers will be worse of in the future same as with the CAA etc. Please think about Delhi public by supporting kissan protest getting out of hand. Their some leaders are misleading the farmers and will create  war like situation.
What this fellow explains is not correct. His explanation is biased. In the Bill there is no proposal to remove MSP. This information he said is wrong. Also mandies and agriculture marketing societies are controlled by middle men. They control the prices of the commodities. Also some of these middle men are very rich farmers especially in maharashtra up punjab rajasthan etc. By this Bill actually farmers are benefited. That is the reason real farmers there is no objection. Middle men or brokers are affected. They instigate farmers for agitation by misguiding them.
1 no ka wasted budget no use for middle class and poor people and farmers completely waste budget
Don't trouble the farmers
All farmer bill repealed but these politicians keep continuing with their political agenda.. Sab Rajneeti hai bhaiya. Election bhi to ladna hai... i bet if these idiots can declare they won't fight election like Anna Hazare....
"Farmers began tractor parade before the scheduled time, resorted to violence and vandalism. Farmers' protest led to extensive damage to public property, many policemen injured," - PTI
Salute to farmers they fought hard and got what they want. Even though late but appreciate the apology of PM shri Narendra Modi G.
there is nothing as such khalistani movement, if it was they would not have tricolour flag on tractors we love india too
           Farmer Protests
Why is BJP government so very stubborn??? Listen to the farmers where is your democracy your so proud of.
Only people with Brahmanical mindset will oppose farmers. Farmers epitomise hardwork.
The views expressed in this video are similar to those of Urban Naxalite views.The government has repeatedly clarified that the old system will remain in full force, in whatever system the farmer gets a profit, sell his produce only in that system. Now the farmer will be freed from the clutches of the brokers.
+ Can u  tell Modi to just implement renowned agriculturist prof "Swami Nathan "commission report and action plan instead of the  stupid farm bills(i.e make the current system work in an efficient manner instead of privatising)
Congress party is not at all bothered about either our country or welfare of it's people .Their only motive is politics.  Whatever BJP does to uplift the country ,Congress only wants to oppose it because they want to spoil the image of BJP for next election. Those who support Congress are also equally responsible.
. Why did they wait for 600 700 farmers to die.
Due to dirty politics bill repealed
This has led to many farmers to grow only rice and wheat in rotation as only thede two crops give a guranteed income. And THAT had led to severe drop in the nurtrient content of the soil and underground water table, especially as rice is a water intensive crop. Many environmentalist belive that this farming practice is leading to desertification of Punjab, including S.S. Johl who is an agricultural econimist. 
I think farm bill is good for farmers
Pm Modi ji election khatamm him kissan Veera nu bapass ghaar bhejjo your thanks
I'm also farmer daughter 
I personally own a farm in south India.  Knowing the specifics of what it entails, there is really no reason to push the burden of MSP on the rest of the citizenry beyond what has been done since 1966. Yes. I know how painful it is to see a farmer committing suicide when the crop fails. This is precisely the reason why we should stir the pot.  Just because someone had the courage to stir a pot, doesn't mean they are against you. They are just showing you the mirror to change.  I am not an entrepreneur in software tech. I get shown that mirror from my customer's, investor's and team - every day.
You need to apologise Modi ji. Some section of Farmers weren't worthy. We are with you.
sorry but modiji is getting soft day to day.
Can someone give the copy of agreements between the kisaan leader and government before tractor march on 26 jan 2021??
Bjp instigated violence, delhi police is also under the home minister, later they will blame khalustan, khalistan has raised its had nothing like before than in the rule of bjp2, before nobody even knew what was khalistan, maybe its time now we should ask the home minster itself who is khalistan, after 26 january violence, if bjp does not arrest these leaders then it means that bjp is hand in gloves in instigating this violence
The current situation is like we have descended behind times. When, our country was under colonial rule, our farmers had faced such typical situation. And now, our own elected government has placed democracy under guillotine.
Nakli Kisan? Wow. Tehari got the fresh installment from BJP
Any Honest IAS Officer would have proceed with law and order if the farmers blocking the highway and in turn it might have triggered the traffic jam in the highway.
Rakesh tikait Sahab real leader of India
They introduce bills in favour of Industrialists like Adani (against whom already a lot of opposition is there in Rajasthan, due to mines controversy and Australia also) and effect poor farmers. But we dont speak as it doesnt effect us.
In South India media ....no one taking about this....
This man have immense patience but this time it seems to be he is loosing it as he see the condition of our farmers.
Just take the example of insurance companies even the educated people these days can't understand the terms and conditions and end up in losing the claim and getting fooled think of the uneducated farmers how will they deal with this paperwork.
You are on the path of becoming godi media
Definitely farmers need state subsidy to keep our food security. MSP and roll of food corporation of india ensures minimum security for farmers and their products.
Farmers- victim
Forget about farmers beaware pis,sfulls
Big love nd support to sikh brothers from Pakistan
Our farmer can't understand which good and bad so everywhere need to awareness by the central government representative.
We also cannot entirely blame America because it is true that one has to fight for oneself. Fighting for another country is not America's responsibility. But America can't even run away from the allegation that the Taliban was built by the US against the USSR, then after 9/11 the US invaded Afghanistan in the name of "the fight against terror", America spent 80 billon dollars in providing military aid and support and more than 3 trillion in total in  fight against terror. 
It is so easy for Modi to say  on a fine  morning that he is repealing the Farm Laws.  But  Modi needed one year to understand this issue   700 lives have been lost to make him realise this blunder. Because of his ruthless adamancy he has been branded as an icon  of autocracy all over the world.  Adani and Ambani  must have felt frustrated !
No Farmers no food
Minimum Support price of essential commodities is important because govt needs to maintain the rationing system of food grains for BPL card holders.
Would love to hear from farmers as well, in the same respectful way the media is covering the police's side of the story.
Unbaised . Only one flaw in new farmer bill have you seen price hike in essential goods
Hatsoff to this explanation.. it truly depicts the pain of farmers.. Those who envy punjabs wealth.. need to understand the wear and tear of its resources..
Previous Farm Laws having Errors in them had to be withdrawn to be Re-introduced & Amended in the Parliament and signed into Laws again ! Neither have the  tukde tukde gang nor the Khalistani separatists have been successful related to this !
It's only Victory of commision agents and farmer politicians.
God bless the farmers
Very well explained and I hope the farmers learn about their rights to get maximum benefits from these bills
Shame on republic you should show car running over innocent farmers republic is biased...
Poor farmers got attached and tricked by  them
Congratulations to our farmer community. 95% of our farmers stood firmly for the cause in the path of non-violence and patience. Hats off to them. 
Now our farmers will become prosperous again,,
I want to tell Indian government don't think that farmers are alone , all citizens , Indian army , Indian Navy and entrine NRI punjabi community stands with farmers shoulder to shoulder.
Most of the people think the farmers are only from Punjab and Haryanawhat about the 95% of the farmers from the rest of Indiasocialism has won not the democracy
Depsite the FIRs there are no arrests for BJP leaders, ministers or their sons as demanded by the Farmers and Opposition leaders. The reason behind this due to majority of BJP leaders are accused in criminal cases, rapes and murders including the CM Yogi also accused in 20 year old murder case and even the PM Modi is accused of behind the brutal killing by lynching of Ehsan Jaffri Congress MP in 2002 and the case is still going on in Supreme Court and the next hearing against the PM Modi is on 18th October 2021. Therefore, it is impossible for the BJP govt. to arrest all of the BJP leasers as almost all are accused in so many cases. That is the reason Supreme Court of India said Jungle Raj prevails in Uttar Pradesh in 2019 and also in Madhya Pradesh in 2021.
Correction the APMC in different states is regulated by the respective SARKAR of that PARTICULAR states. One of the major concerns of the farmers was the fear of losing land to the BIG GIANTS which was not discussed in the video, which in turn is just fear with no grounds since THE CONTRACT FARMING AS TOLD IN THE BILLS AND IN THIS VIDEO will ONLY be done ON THE PRODUCE and IT MUST NOT INCLUDE BINDING OF ANY KIND on THE LAND of the farmer. I completely agree that these reforms seem to be a bit Theoretical-Revolution, but the need of the hour is to plug the loopholes which are giving the farmers GENUINE concerns not FORCE the COMPLETE WITHDRAWAL OF THESE BILLS. I would not like to talk about HOW THE BILLS were passed tho.
ITC makes partnership with the farmers in the same way, and the farmers are too happy, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Rajasthan, UP are the areas ITC is focusing, but those in the Singhu border are making fake issues, what do they get from this
Change your headline it's not Indian farmers it's Punjab farmers
4. The whole thing about the personal relationship of the middlemen and farmers strikes me as a cultural thing in Punjab and Haryana. Maybe these state governments can continue to support APMCs.
Farmers are healthy because they do physical hard work and live in nature. Even if they contract covid, they won't even get a cough. Even old farmers will not die of covid.
The problem is farmer is seller in privatisation and the starting point of trade . It is again traders only get more profit. In case of govt fci they don't have a target for profit. Eventually it will lead to increase in retail price of the produce and more profit to private traders with more protection to them because of litigations can't be done with court. The solution is The cost of production should come down with increase of yield so that farmer should get 1.5 times cost without increase of cost.
More than farm bills. Farmers cooperative societies do much better job, example milk cooperatives. Farm bills reversal is not such a big deal.
Thanks bbc for making documentary for farmers ..in same    time most of Indian media became Godi media
good news to india farmers
THIS Video fails to explain the role of middle man. Idea is to remove middle man. it also doesn't explain, how much money farmer receives when he sells to APMC. This new laws were enacted to remove middle man. (Bicholia.) Three top middleman are politicians.
Zee news and Aaj Tak media showing only other part and asking "kya ye Kisan h"....yeah those are farmers only that tolerating all your political drama..
Tractor Rally happening right now! Jai Jawan Jai kisan
Ofcourse there will be some agressive farmers but there are external elements aswell.
What a tragedy. We have made gundas our leaders and our farmers are dying. 
He is the same guy who went to WTO in 2018 and reported that INDIA is giving more MSP to the farmers. He has no mean with this protest he wants votes only
The PM's cabinet college whose portfolio includes the police directly has a son who by all that is emerging now has deliberately run over farmers is still holding on to his post. 
Contract farming: this should not be the only option. Contract companies are monoculture, reluctant to re-invest back into farming communities' rural interests. Sub-standard commodities can be rejected. Payments to farmers can be delayed. 
These Godi Media do not have guts to question the people in power, shameless journalism
Government got what they wanted to put a black mark on the farmers protest .
Ravish sir please get update youself india has accepted the policy of wait and watch. Like US and many other countries
Imagine if the afghan and US guve Taliban a fair fight without using air force and bullet proof, armored vehicle
I want strong n undivided India  modi g 
zee news is not a media channel its bjp channel.
You are expecting too much no one is affected  by political parties  acting like farmers and protesting without  any  agenda.
National Embarassment Shame On These So Called Farmers,Can't Even Respect Tiranga
It was never about India and her farmers. Was it?  It was more about image, pelf and power. 
Farmers need support of true media
Now if you have completed reading the above crap and have seen this highly informative video, read about parliamentary committee reports, research, white papers on indian farming for last 10-15 years (if not more) to know positives and risks of the new law.
We all should stand with farmers.
From what I've learnt. With some agreed conditions, these farming bills can do some good. So why not debate on it and clear this off. Most People, from all sides are just stupid.
Talked about positive side of capitalism,farm bill 2020,profits etc etc. But who talked about cons. ....private players grouping, Cartel formation, exploitation of farmer could be there , buying their crops even lesser price than that of mandis.... Removing the msp on crops  to reduce budget deficit is not  the solution. There are different  tools present to reduce that deficit.
Ask pakistan for aid. They already gave Afganistan the taliban, so why not a way to live?
#RealFarmersSupportTheBill
I'm with the farmers 
I love Taliban jindabad love form Bangladesh all media fak
My question is why only punjabi farmers are protesting ?
Totally we should throw Bjp govt from all over the country n we should elect good party in next election
Nicely explained except for one thing that you missed. If the PVT companies are not paying the farmer for what they have agreed on, the farmer shall get lower price, you said. But in this case the farmers can still sell the product in Mandi on MSP, you missed.
It is the mistake of farmers only
This  move can help BJP in the upcoming assembly elections...
Ravish is anti indian...
WTF, what happens to farmers in states where they want the new farm laws?
Indian backbone - The farmers and now the govt. Is trying to break that 
4. Now on why mostly farmers of Punjab n Haryana are protesting is because these two states have the best n functional Mandi system in the country n MSP on many farm products in real sense. For instance, for one quintal of wheat in Punjab farmers get around 1500 to 1600 where as the same thing in Bihar farmer have to sell it for  800 to 900. No wonder why farmers from mostly these two states are protesting. In India government have define MSP on many food items but there is no binding law to support the same nor implemented as every states have there own system. Now that is one of the demand of the protesting farmer, a law on MSP.
4) After all this happens govt should not apply business tax to farmers in future and all banks should provide loans with normal(present) interest rate.  
And this is how Indian showed gratitude to Punjabis for giving 80% heads for freedom. Then they say Punjabis are terrorists if they ask for their rights.
3. The next ordinance: *Contract Farming* Big Sharks/corporates will take land on contract (which will only safeguard the interests and profit motive of big corporates). The farmer will become Mazdoor on his own land. Produce will be packaged attractively and will be sold at high prizes. All humans who depend on farm produce will be the suckers. The rural economy of the country will totally collapse.
Did you know that the State of Punjab rejected the new farm laws in their State back in October? Meaning, these new laws are not even applicable in Punjab. 
So week govt is modi so week. Dose punjab only have  farmers ..? What about other farmers.....?no other farmer protested in entire nation....?
Terrrist chahe hazar ho lakh Or cr don't forget india  population 1.3+ billian ...
Respect farmers .. we can't  feel their pain but we have to stand with them
hey isnt there another thing tht these farmers cannot approach the court in case od disputes and some local dovt official will resolve the dispute?
Farmers from Punjab and Hariyana should be that selfish 
Thanks for showing real face of indian government. We need to get rid of Modi.
You didn't sleep for 2 DAYS and got frustrated to that much level that you have taken the decision to lathi charge on farmers who fight for their rights.
India helding meeting with taliban
Up haryana punjab Rajasthan elections k jalwa hai yeh  bcoz of your decision innocent people died for no reason
Who's is this  he know about farmer's  problems?
We love our farmers 
Now the opposition parties are showing their old tweets and statements about repealing the three farm bills as if their statement was enough, It's like taking some kind of credit, just by saying, "I told you so".
These so called "farmers" (read khalistani terror outfits) need to be taught a lesson now. All the farmers have to now forfeit their tractors whoever used them in protests and auctioned.
More power to the farmers ! Jai Kisan ! Jai Hind !
Just like me ...I don't trust half baked national education policy. National education policy is set by Modi government with support minister like Ms. Irani.
Please release this in hindi, as most of the farmers  do not understand english.
Pseudo liberals who rant against BJP supporting this person bcoz he is against BJP. 
I highly appreciate what you are doing since not many get so involved, but PLEASE DO COVER THE VIEWS OF THOSE FARMERS THAT SUPPORT THE BILL TOO! (There have been rallies in support of the farm bills shown by republicworld and indiatoday.. Please confirm whether the news is true or false and if true, try to get their point of view too)
We are with farmers who are feeding more than 100 crores citizens and exporting food grains to many countries.
Police men injured, Journalists injured, Farmers injured. But no politician was injured in all this. Stay home stay safe. Wear mask.
Its wondering that still this so called farmer Man roaming freely...
These government officials will never look after farmers not only in punjab but allover the country. 2 years ago tamil farmers also went to Delhi to ask the government for basic agricultural need. They ate rats to show them their poverty. But at last they returned to Tamil Nadu itself because those poor people can't leave their family alone believing that this governor would do some help. Till now they didn't get what they asked for. Atleat I wish you people get what you ask. .
Q1. Why did Punjab farmers not shift to edible oil crops (rapeseed, sunflower etc) inspite of MSP?
Such a well equipped army losing against poorly armed terrorists speaks volumes of that country's response..I think people dnt want the govt but want taliban back in power
Black day for farmers this day will be remembered  where reform lost and hooligans won
All these are political leaders not farmers how we get vegetables and crops if they are protesting for 9 months ?
Modi ji you have a large heart to beg for forgiveness in front of the nation for failing to implement such wonderful farm laws even though only a section of farmers were opposing it. But I am sure that you will find a way to help small farmers and bring them out from the clutches of rich farmers and middlemen who are exploiting millions of small farmers. May god bless you with abundant strength and health to serve the nation for more years. Jai Hind.
I feel the government acted in national security interest. Sad that the reforms had to be withdrawn. Can't the government implement this in bjp ruled states. Over time when Punjab farmers see the benefits in other states implement it there ?
Unfortunately the large section of farmers fell into the trap laid by the anti national elements
for those asking why only 2 rich state farmers are protesting..because they have the means.. Because victims lose their voice after a point. they become moot ..it doesnt mean they agree. i beat you, and you are silent, doesnt mean you are not gettig hurt..and if another person whom i beat screams, doesnt mean he is getting hit harder. understand the scenario. poor dont have tools to speak up.
More than 650 farmers sacrificed their lives
People talking about govt should ask have done a meeting with the whole farmer and the team but when the govt said to the farmers or maybe fake farmer to say what is the issue they didn't speak and then when they started to speak they talked about electricity bill and bank privatisation like tf 
ig the only solution to this problem is by passing a law which ensures mandi will never stop ...so farmers always have another way out if corporates try to manipulate .
No sympathy for the Modi Govt here.. Dont care if they win or lose elections, if they can help the country attain industrialization..
Farmers matter a lot
As an ardent supporter of BJP, I know that a political party has to do politics. 
But yes modi ji has gone soft in the last 2 years.... His unacceptable blunder is his silence and doing nothing in Bengal post election violence... In which his own party workers were killed and people voting for BJP their houses looted destroyed, burned, woman raped... He was like a silent saint ignoring all... With 303 seats at the centre, he failed to use his powers... Boss if u can't use your power which the people of this country gave you with 303 seats then their is a serious concern on the safety of our country...
Pehle bjp ne election ke liye rally kurwaye ab congress rally kurwva raha farmer bill cover mein ..our nation is not in good hands
Being an engineer by profession, Im stuck in this life where I cant do much about my fellow Indians. Least I could do is to request you guys to cover the protests as much as you can. Love from Punjab.
I hope farmers aren't cheated and they get their honest share, for all the hardwork and efforts they've been putting all these years.
eventually Taliban will call upon Pakistan for help to control the protest
i am a farmer and I am supporting farmers protest from day one and i believe what happened at red fort was wrong but we stay peaceful stay strong fight till ambani servant bjp take back bills
In order to produce diverse crops, why not fix a competitive MSP for all crops (like the crops that the govt imports now)..? Farmers will be incentivized to produce more oil seeds & other crops... By doing so, you can ensure the production of diverse crops by guaranteeing the farmers a livelihood...
9. In 2021 january govt gave a option to protesting farmers union that it will hold the laws till 2 years until 
Showing videos without blurring it to disturb us and make us realize the cruelty of farmers so that we can't thik about other sidegreat
open your eyes blind faith vote for your farmer's and yours families.....
I hope Taliban takes control of Pakistan and then we would like to hear what imran Khan has to say on that
Farmers would be joint partner retaining their ownership in land and hence no harm to them till they get higher to MSP 
Paying Tribute to all the Farmers and people who have  lost their life during Farmer's Peaceful protest.
Just ask all the farmers who are protesting can they stop stubble burning!? 
The main problem is cartle....agar msp hatt gyi to farmers to kahi ke nhi rhege
There are there main parts in farm bill.
I support the Farmers.
well done Haryana good job. we are supporting farmers
Rakesh Tikait is intelligent, never submits to no one, wards off the anchors, answers in humour, making fun of the journalist, and simply dodge them cleverly. One new very important thing hr has tossed, PM is not supposed to hold rallies for the party, he a national constitutional post responsible to country and not the party. This will trigger a new countrywide  debate.
Without the farmers,we have nothing to eat and drink.
Proud to be son of farmer
As Kisan working on advice of oposite party and  other party interesting fall of Modi anhow. Modi agreed Kisan proposal but opposite if permit to kisan they will drink water. Regards
Why not make the farm laws for the rest of the country and let the farmers of Punjab and Haryana do whatever they want.
Where is congress, why this situation congress is silent. Why congress party officialy support by farmers. The congress party must study the struggle of the farmers.
When farmer doing protest why you have not given such statements
Then also tell me about the blockages , the just have modified tractors for it ,I don't condem it
Dont understand why only Panjab state farmers doing these kind of protest  when 34 other state farmers does not have any problem with the new laws?
Victory of Rihana, Greta tumberg, mia Khalifa () and Canada innocent farmers 
I no support owasi and modi but mody 
Sir, Your view is absolutely wrong. All are aware of bank loans and standard form contracts. Even educated people cannot escape from the liability once they sign the agreement with the bank. So also private auto loans. Farmers will be fleeced by corporates. Lands will go to them ultimately. Government holds no responsibilty. You will regret later when your views go wrong. But of no use.
Whilst this critique looks at how free market could benefit the farmer (and I don't think this was made clear enough, simply assumed) based on Western economic theory. The reality of different types farmers and farming practices as it stands for India was not considered. The free market model has been in practice in the West for a long time but it had NOT made Western farmer better off, furthermore biodiversity has suffered, as has the diversity and  variety of foods that are grown. There are much fewer farmers today than in the past and fewer and fewer people willing to continue farming. There has been a huge loose of heritage crops and therefore foods and therefore culture. The only winners of this model has been big corporations. Old or New model, middle men are inevitable, so better to have local middle men who you can engage with directly than corporate/global one's who don't know you, nore care about you, nore have any channels to engage with you. 
Jail all opposition politicians for murdering farmers
Government surprised that how they got tractor because government fixed crops price which just for their livelihoods...Answer is that 5 million punjabis living  abroad and they support their families.. which family haven't any member outside of india committing suicide because agriculture in not profitable work ... they doing because they feel proud  that they doing something good for  country
Modi ji is a strong leader. He had given up due to certain reasons. But all these will repent for their decision in future. We are and were with Modi ji always.
These are not farmers ....dacoits..
2nd law: Suppose if there is heavy rain (or any other natural disaster)  and the quality of the crops are not that good, then sponsors (companies) can refuse to take corps. And even these companies will ask the money back from farmers which they provided for cultivation and this cycle will make a farmer slave of these companies. If a sponsored company will bankrupt in future and other company refused to take that crop then what a farmer will do. And famers are not allow to go to court. 
I have already stopped to purchase home grocery from the BJP supporting shopkeepers.
For farmers only covid excellent?
' The farm law issue is settled', says Arnab Goswami. The farmers aren't ready to withdraw their movements, unless the 3 farm laws are officially repealed. So the farm law issue is not settled yet.
If only all of them at Singhu could assure their fellow small farmers that they will stand with them if they are exploited by the private sector using these laws. 
Good job bro..we all should support our farmers
Apoon farmers keh saath hai..
...sab election ka dar hai... Chalo achha huwa.. ab petrol, food oil aur cylinder ka price bhi kam kar dijiye... Kya pata election ke baad price aur double ho jaaye
No doubt why indian farmers are still poor and they need revolutionary change 
Shekhar ji, only a very small percentage of grain produced is sold at MSP, and that too from Punjab and Haryana. If the govt. (FCI) stop buying from P&H, the problem will be solved to a great extent but I am sure it's not as simple as this, so the clutter remains!!!
Just shame on you Modi & party sarkar
These are not terrorists these are farmers trying to save the agriculture sector from the hands of capitalist monopoly. But govt funded media channels trying to defame them as khalistani terrorists or funded by opposition political party just because they wear turbans and have flag of their religion sikhism.
Thank you for your wonderful, crisp, clear explanation. Hats off to Modi Government to help the farmers, it is the middle men and political parties who are at a loss... sincerely wish the Farm laws are brought into the governance.
1 thing I understand is that no poor farmer (which they claim to be) can sustain their family if they don't work for almost a year. We have some vested interests involved in this protest.
Come in support of farm laws
Now I would have added a few more points into it but it's already getting long and probably a lot of people might have left it half way through so for the last point which I believe can have a very big impact on agriculture but is never talked about whenever we talk about improving farmers life's and that is....
"Nxt time you see 'Indian Farmers' trending you'll have a little idea of what it all means". Still he didn't disclose the whole situation. Hijacking the protest by pro-khalistanis, benefits of these laws, toolkit case and who is responsible for Red fort clash & disrespect of Tiranga.
These farmers are getting taste of their own master they elected twice. - Karma
1. All the farmers need to demand is that purchase of (surplus) produce at MSP by the government is codified into law. Once that happens, the new laws are not an issue in that regard.
A very positive and right information provided by Shekhar. It appeared the present Government of India failed to educate the farmers before implementing it. Had they educate the farmers this nasty situation and heartburn could have avoided.
 Now Modi is going to gift new Parliamnet to Taliban...
I come from an India where a journalist gets Ramon Magsaysay Award; I also come from an India where the Supreme court reprimands Godi media for pollution caused by their debates.
Will implementation of MSP raise the prices of food commodities in the market?
The protest has been very peaceful but our farmers have gone through alot..... They sat thought the rain and scorching Sun  but they all didn't lose up...... Salute to all the farmers for their unwavering courage 
Shame on you guys! Killing innocent farmers  A person who feeds the whole nation .. Shame On BJP
Just before passing these 3 farm laws parliament has also accepted a modified APMC act. Can u please explain the need to come with new laws in just 4  months.
Shocked. This is a cowardly act. A humiliating defeat for development, for sense and sanity, for progress, for India. Narendra Modi joins the Opposition in taking us back decades.
Just to come back after Punjab Election !!
Farmers are right and modi wrong
One of the farm laws is that they cannot burn the leftover after harvest by burning a matchstick which is the reason for increasing pollution in northern India and that too msp one of the fears is addressed as it will not be scrapped but still they don't agree they have a right to protest but should be done peacefully
I am also support of farmers.
All subsidies are "bad economics", but it makes sense to subsidize essential commodities, like food. Not to mention most farmers can't simply find another job  if they are unable to produce profitable crops on a free market. MSP also protects farmers from being exploited by private corporations, who would LOVE to redefine the meaning of "minimum" prices.
Taliban come to kashmir india ples help . .  
She has no concern about kisan bills or about kisaan ....her whole agenda is to support yogi sarkar....we have seen her asking lollipop questions from modi ...
These warehouse owner will make farmers wait until they crush buying price and then they will wait until they sky high the selling price!!
search the script of original farm bill talked in lok sabha.
the govt is very bad and is determined to give people pain, especially these poor farmers.
In support of farmers and for our own food, nothing wrong or loss to bear the legitimate inconveniences caused to us.
Why the Indian police force use water cannon and tear gas on peaceful protests? The farmers dont have weapons...This is so brutal...
Some saying roll back of reform. Some saying surrender to Gundam All the things which the middles class of India wants to live in a make believe world. A class which burns thousand of rupees in buying designers dress, eats ,drinks and makes merry in 5 star hotel but grimaced for paying right price for onions, potatoes  rice and pulses. Two hoots to such peoples. Farmers must get the right price for their products. The rich are getting richer. The numbers of billions rising. The family silvers are being pawned to a chosen few, and we are expected to look other way. May God bless the name sayers. I am not amused.
Unity of farmer
Untill CAA you were going good. There after Petrol Diesel LPG price hike and then Farm laws were your blunder. What you sow you will reap.
3. GOVT agriculture k liye law Bana rahahe aur... agriculture word use ni Kiya ye chutiyaapa kya h  as they are not dealing agriculture they are saying it is centre list ...fir agriculture related nai to farmer kisse related h .ye samjao mam 
Beat of to luck farmer
I call this ambush and bullying Indian farmers
Problem is that these strikes are being orchestrated by Middlemen of APMCS all India...New laws would have cut their commission an helped lower section of farmers a lot...but these people do not want their commission to get cut because of new farm laws . These middlemen from APMCS already making lot of money by making fool of poor farmers who have less land to harvest by buying from them at much lower price than market rate an selling in market at highest rate to other wholesalers...Its not question of political parties..Majority of these middle men belong to local an regional political parties ...I am from farmers family..these middle men Dallals are cheating farmers out of their money...It will continue unless real farmers realize value an benefit these laws bring to them...MSP for all produces is not the solution...
sanjay the farmer -- do not judge a book by its cover
Modi is great. Next UN seat for India.
Farmers all across India except punjab n hariyana have no issues with farm laws
Nobody really knows what the farm laws were . Many were simply protesting without knowledge . This sort of socialist policy is killing the Indian economy !!
Now actual farmers will come out and ask for farming bills because they won't be able to see their produce anywhere and will then beg the government to buy it as they can't sell it out of punjab 
I patiently heard the whole video and each fact is stated in correct and clear manner. But I don't understand that what is the point where it says how these laws will help the farmers. Farmers in Punjab and Haryana are not happy by growing paddy, they do not have any other options. Instead of privatizing the agriculture sector, government should have started procuring more of the other crops that India is importing from outside. If we can have surplus of wheat and rice in the country by following a pattern of giving MSP and then procuring the produce. It can also be done for other commodities. Farmers are demanding from more than a decade now to have procurement system and MSP for other crops, which will not only help them save their groundwater, which is going down year by year but will also help India to have sufficient supply of the commodities which we are importing from outside. Bringing in the big corporations will neither help the farmers nor the consumers. Other point that is not covered in this video is that how Punjab and Haryana have spoilt their lands by putting in chemicals to increase production and to feed the starving India of 1960s. And now after using them and having sufficient supply of grains, we are saying we do not need your produce. Thanks for reading, hope you will understand that thousands of people are sleeping on roads because of some reason.
I hope farmers now learn the value of those farm laws
No Farmers  No Food  No Life 
Could you please explain the reasons why farmers are protesting in another video
Election news Uttar Pradesh, Punjab other states
It is the defeat of the poor farmers whose standard of living has declined for many decades.
It seems the popular slogan jai jawan jai kisan prooved false during bjp rule......this is the first time ever happened so... the jawan and the kisan came into the conflict...face to face.....
Modi is getting salary for PM job. He must resign first, then work for BJP. Modi has made PM job just fun.
Congrats to all farmers living & martyrs for their incredible struggle that has finally shook the authothorian rule of BJP.  This was not only win for the farmers but also a win for democracy.
Hello Dhruv, love your videos and the all around perspective. I sometimes agree with your points and at times disagree. But i still follow you for the knowledge you share. In the beginning of the video you mentioned that it would be difficult for a small farmer to negotiate with bigger companies, but i respectfully disagree. Isnt that an assumption? Today when i apply or work for a huge organization, i negotiate my salary. Not saying its a like for like but farmers have a union and much stronger negotiation possibilities. Perhaps a middle ground / hybrid approach couldve made it work..what if this worked better and farmers earned more than MSP ? Just sharing my opinion. No offense here. Thanks for all the work..
It is very near, Punjabi Kisaan will loose their lands
Iam farmer and i support farm laws
We are protecting our nation not our agriculture only . If these agriculture laws will apply then the first impact will on metropolitan cities.     Farmers of Punjab and Haryana are educated nd captivated.
Hopefully....our farmers brother will welcome .. and help IND grow 
This is just hurt Indian ecnomy and India's ground water and also farmers. It's increase broker and Monopoly of two crop wheat and rice.
If all could be manage by corporate then why positive movement to make farmers life free from worry atmosphere be created by way of media.
long live farmers. die godi media. they are hoisting flag. what is the problem?
Fall of Berlin wall 1989 was my favourite historical revolution but now my Farmers make me proud
Fully support the farmers, but their 4th and 5th demands are utterly ridiculous. Let's say 5th demand can be considered, to release the prisoners until now but protesting to support stubble burning is not right. 
Kangana Ranawat cannot understand the power of non violence, Farmers have achieved this  victory at the cost of the lives of 750 farmers.
Happy independence day To India..... ...   from Taliban of Afghanistan
Farmers I salute you all and support you all.
Do you really believe that Modi revoked the Kisan bill for elections?
Please cover more of Farmer protest
Finally farmers  
In Punjab and Haryana Mandi system works well  But in south India its worst
If democracy ko bachana then farmers ki support kro sabb
1) The Farmers' Produce Trade and Commerce Ordinance just says that all types of agri trade will be allowed (even outside state regulated) APMC mandis. So, now anyone can trade within the State or across the state all over India and it can be physical trade or online trade. And the most important thing is if Vivek opens a mandi/market for trade of agri commodities (ether i am procuring from farmers and selling it to retailers in my physical mandi or I opened an online portal just like amazon) anywhere in India then NO STATE CAN PUT ANY KIND OF TAX/CHARGES ON AGRI TRANSACTIONS. 
Captain Sahib Provoked all the Farmers to Protest and Come to Delhi.
We support Indian farmers bills
Superb explanation brother. You made the confused topic look so easy n understandable. If MSP is ignored, it will only be the corporate families n the corrupt government who will be benefited. N we consumers & farmers will end up exploited and looted and helpless.
Thank you Harp Farmer , Great work. Jai Kisan
skih should understand its time to be free from India its time to free Khalistan come on brothers.
Farmers bill recall - Massive Win for Indian Democracy today
You said openly all the four points which covered farmers/ opposition parties why so much fear on the fifth point it is true as much as the first four points are true... this is the whole problem in the so called bjp ruled democracy.
Punjab, south india and Bengal must unite against corrupted Hindi states tryying to rule over the country. They split bengal cause it was a threat to hindis.
Farmer is lifeline of food industry
if the people get paid by congress or any foreign agencies , to hold protests is shameful . The people protesting are not even farmers .... and did you see the people protesting are Sikhs , and not any Maharashtra farmers , they don't have any problem with the bill , the protesters want their territory to be a separate parts called Khalistan and not India .....and why would the government not do anything if the protesters damage public property .. do they pay for it .... think before commenting my child
He cannot blame Congress anymore. Farmers genuinely believe that their survival is threatened.
#isupportfarmers...
7:20 i'd just like to say there is no provision that anyone can take their land contract farming is not about taking anyones land they clearly dont know what there talking about so basically they are being misguided. I do however agree about the farm laws decresing income of the farmers so something should be done about that.
2. Kishan are those sikh and muslim from punjab and haryana..
Because farmers market and freedom for price of grains decrease and poor farmers can't against any decisions , farmers laws only for richest man or business men 
They are not farmers..paid people
Why Godi media is not showing these footages?
How you guys judge people without any evidence or solid proof.   They are not farmers 
Don't give vote to BJP in West  Bengal otherwise they will do with Bengal people as they r doing with kisan jai jawan jai kisan
China Pakistan Iran to the rescue of the Talibans! Same feathers flocks together! K
Temporary victory for the farmers, they need to stay aware of future laws his government may implement.
I see so many people posting all the time about it in favour of protests and when you ask them they have no idea what the bill is about. You have to find a middle ground, not all that Indian media is reporting is incorrect. They show a side of story just like you do.
Salute to you all who stand up for the farmers. Also Democracy is a big threat in India now. Myanmar is our future if we don't stand up.
The concept of open market was introduced in Bihar state and now u all can see ,the condition of the farmers there is so poor that they are coming to Punjab and haryana to work on their fields.
Long Live Afghan Taliban Love From Pakistan
Proud to ba a farmer
Corporate is not evil but informal one .    Farmer need to understand . As a license trader , farmer use any type of fertilizer and not do proper testing and not event want reduction . Sector need to be demand driven not supply driven .  At the end it a trader responsibility not farmer (sad reality) , we pay more tax . They not even grade their products .
Thanks you sister,, you polite and kind heartly support to farmer 
The only profitable and GDP growth was seen in India in the agricultural sector. Modiji se wo bhi saha nhi gya
Rakesh tries to mislead farmers of our country, but got success only in Punjab, he is trying to spread  a rumor about riot
2) If there is an MSP maintained, is it not like subsidizing the agro industry itself? And subsidies mean artificially allowing the industry to operate at low profits or even losses. With an MSP in place, crops can be sold at lower prices than should be, artificially keeping the food price inflation in check at a high level ( - of course there are agents, aadtis and middle men who take away the lions share in ways of commission, bribe, which makes the product pricing not too low either but internationally our raw food prices are definitely lower - ) , which benefits the entire nation in terms of cheaper food available, but also is one important factor in citizens producing more & more children, driving the population up - which we have clearly seen since the Green Revolution and hence puts more pressure on the same system that it stands on whilst also making sure of more environmental damage. So, subsidies do not help, they only help protect mediocre pricing keeping the same farmers pegged back and not able to explore better pricing and bring more agricultural efficiencies in place. Imagine Netherlands, with the proper use of hydroponics and no subsidies, they have been able to become the second largest food exporting nation in the world whilst being smaller than Maharashtra.
How you treat the people,the farmer that feed the whole India it's wrong.
Coz this is propoganda run by farmer unions...these unions have destroyed small farmers to great extent..
Back in February, PFJ video was out where one of their leaders openly challenged Indian government by saying their demand for repealing the farm laws is just the beginning, wait and watch.. Our defense ministry doesnt need coaching from Abhijit to let them know to become more vigilant and take notice of PFJ turning into a huge terror force. Be rest assured, none of the intelligence on PFJ has gone unaddressed as Abhijit keep claiming as the government do realize that PFJ is becoming a potential threat to the nation. 
All mistakes of the people living in haryana why he choose bjp government after kisaan andolan
He tested the water's, did everything to hurt the farmers and the citizens who came to show solidarity with them were not spared
Farmers & army is real hero's of our country 
For such a culturally rich and beautiful country like India, it is unfortunate for it to be divided by religion. Feels like modern day colonialism but instead of the British its the Indians themselves.
India needs Farmers (Food) NOT Politicians (Liars)
So many people are saying ground reality is different. It is. The ground reality is that most farmers are protesting against abolishment of MSP which is not even happening.  There need to be more awareness campaigns and better communication.
U said about theoretical please explain practicaly what will happen if bill is passed no one is explaining about that.U assuming about the implementation explain how it will affect farmers
Are Laura agr MSP pvt m de Diya to farm to khridega nhi kbhi Jada dam p vo to msp m khridega bat vohi ho gyi ....Sidha bat kisano k bhla nhi hga q ki vo logo k faida nhi sarkari low price humesha chiye fix chiye ....this is Indian mentality
I AM NO FAN OF MODI OR OPRAHISM THAT PROTECTS THE LUTHERAN CHURCH IN MY COUNTRY I COULD NOT BE HAPPIER FOR THE PEOPLE OF INDIA. GOD BLESS AND MAY INDIRA GHANDI BE WITH YOU. These laws sound exactly like the laws ENCACTED by the CLINTONS in the UNITED STATES.  How they could work in a country of 1.5 BILLION IS RIDICULOUS.  No ownership for the people.
As a farmer's son, i support the bill. They have to lift the restrictions on export of rice and sugar. Especially sugar cane industry is dying in my area due to lack of   msp. So many people are commenting without having knowledge on agriculture
I come from an India where comedians talk reality and politicians do comedy.
Actually it is a very sad news for the Indian farmers. these laws were for benefit of the Indian farmers but the opposition parties easily confused the farmers on these laws because they could not convince them to protest against these laws....
Salaam to these Farmers and thanks for producing food for us...... no matter how much money we have ... Roti to anaaj se hi banti hai
Why only people from Punjab and haryana where are farmers from Maharashtra, south and east. 
Who the f*uk will compensate the farmers whose lives were lost in this protest, that they were forced to do, due to ridiculous laws passed when the parliament wasn't functioning. Who will compensate families who lost their members, protesting in Delhi? These laws weren't ever discussed and debated and were passed in a hurry to provide a ready market for exploitation by big corporations run by Adani and Ambani. Modi you are doing this too late and due to politics, because elections are coming up in Punjab and BJP was sure to loose there as well.
Farmers are majorly misinformed..MSP is not getting stop.There is no deal of land but deal is on farming products.
Although I really appreciate the mostly unbiased journalism, I would've really liked it if Guptaji had atleast once condemned while mentioning the 'facts', the presence of Khalistani elements who are propagating their propaganda, proofs of which are clearly present all over. In the end you speak about war on unity inside India, but fail to mention the presence of Bhindrawale flags in the most recent rally. I know SG had covered Punjab during those times and he does feel strongly about it. So why not condemn it atleast when those forces are actively trying to break the unity in the Punjab region in the first place?
Im feeling proud that Im the daughter of farmer....
Its Punjab farmers not Indian farmers dont spread wrong information.
They are not farmers stop calling them farmers.
Benefits of allowing farmers to sell directly to Industry
Thanku so much sir aapki wajah se ye farm bills aaj clear ho hi gye and I will definitely share this video to everyone who is in my contact taaki sabko reality pta chle agriculture ki farm bills ki aur Jo ye kissan protest hai uski
Shame on BJP. LONG LIVE THE FARMERS WHO FEED THE MILLIONS. 56" chest and 3" in the pants.
Modiji decision taken by you we honor it.. we believe it will be best interest of all so you have take this decision. Respectful we thank you and your team members 
though too late ,it is welcomed... unwise decisions created live loss and too much sufferings for all kisan india... should be compensated
Thanks to all foreigners who always supported farmers nd yes they r farmers not a terrorists
But looking at what happened today. About the farmer rally. I feel a bit different towards farmers.....
Very unfortunate situation,kisan community  deserves protection and all support
Let farmers decide whats best for them. We are talking about 500 farmers association with lakhs of members. They know each and every alphabet in the bill. Farmers are telling all three bills are tailor made for the corporates. They have all the resources and advocates to understand this bill. The association even said it cannot be made by government because it is so micro detail that farmers will be blocked from all 4 corners. Farmers association already had 5 meeting . 2 in Punjab and 3 in Delhi but still they are adamant about not applying it. The only thing they want from the government is to loose all this 3 bills and apply MSP. Even U.K. government said this is a death bill for the farmers. 36 ministers from U.K. has sent letter to modi not to apply this bill. This bill has already been applied in western countries and it flopped big time. It only looks ok on theory but not in practice. Bottom line is this bill was not put into place with good intention, government knew its cons. Gov thought farmers are stupid and brought this kala bill swiftly during corona crisis on June 2020.
I am in support of Famer bill....
What and all they are doing in the name of farmers
More than farmers middle class should have protested against the bills. Privatisation is not a problem. Its unregulated privatisation with crony capitalism is a lethal combination. Thats more likely to happen.
Dont you know, every year , more than fifteen thousand farmers commit suicide. And you cannot compare any electronic or other goods wth agricultural products, since, dayby day it will perish.. And who will buy any spoiled or perished things.
Tell only about the kishan bill, do not explain what is saying the kishan or opposition leaders.
Now I understood that we can give a neutral colouring but still be twisting. The percentage of mandis n india n where msp is prevalent n why farmers suicides happen despite a good middlemen n y only wheat n rice is produced in excess n taxpayers money is wasted because of this! U should have said pros n cons on both sides n say some solution not just a colouring that I am really neutral but again bring only partial facts! 
#istandwithfarmers
A.goodexampleindianfarmersinmuzaffarnagaruttarprades.adangerbell...for.b.j.p.inallindia.p.m.modiamerchant.heisnotlikeaindian.p.m.pappumeena
U say: Law for welfare of farmers 
As always govt is befooling farmers to satisfy their own political and corporate interests
There's no need of military intervention by India. We don't have enough financial power like the USA. We don't need to spend billions in a war torn country. We've enough issues at home 
If MSP is not guaranteed for all crops and farmers are fine by it then govt should have it outside of mandis
Though both Haryana and Punjab farmers are doing good job and lots of love and prayers for them
Omg pardon me for voting BJP in the last elections on the behest of Badal Dal.
But the reality is, 4 BJP karyakartas has been killed by khalistanies 
Some argue that there is no tax on farm income in India. This argument doesn't stand a closer and fact based scrutiny. The minimum limit of taxable income in India is about Rs. 500,000. A huge majority of the farmers will never touch this limit even if they were to earn at their full MSP. So where is the benefit of this exemption? And, does that also exempt a farmer from the indirect taxes that he has to pay for every other item of farm input? GST has to be paid on every tool, service, seeds, diesel.
Home minister of UP should resign for justice in this incident. He may resume post after justice is delivered to farmers.
Modi magic is reaching the expiration date, next generation of leadership in BJP ( Yogi ji, Hemanto Biswas Sharma, Nitin Gadkari ) need to step up.
You allowed the farmers yesterday to get locked up in New Delhi. They are not dumb. These farmers are much more educated than you expected. And they know how to wait because they wait all year long for their crops, Which they don't even know the outcome in the end.  Farmers are the backbone of the country.
On January 20, 2021, we mark the first milestone and soon there will be a stone plaque of farmers victory. 
How Modi government is working for Ambani and Adani to regain power because Ambani gave funds to BJP
My contention here is that Farmers are producing Wheat and Paddy because the Indian govt has incentivised only these crops. Had the govt incentivised certain other crops, farmers would have diversified too.
So farmers MSP is there not to worry.
meanwhile taliban will come to Pakistan to remove gulami 
The protest have more than one dimension . The principal reason is the fear that the new lagislation would lead to abolution of msp. There have been verbal assurance that the msp will countinue but the govt is unwilling to make it statutory provision .as it is just an administrative fiat. But now i feel very comfertable to see farmer unit and i have proud to all my brother sister who are move forward without flinched in this tumultuous time. Now modis govt. has totly lost its credibilty . All community are get together and by this unity farmers definitly get their rights . We all people should rise to against modi otherwise they gonna to make all peoples life miserable . The dectetership will going to end very soon.
Question...same way the farmers organized themselves for the protest why cant they step up as a union when it comes to bargaining the prices outside the regulated markets?
4.  In the new structure, a farmer must behave like a savvy businessman.  He is not one now!  Without that acumen they will enter into contracts that will rob him.  There has to be laws to support him, and eduction to transform him.  That is not an overnight thing. This should have been a 10year transition.  Without this, farmers will suffer.
I with farmer  i with jawan or kissan
Farmers victory. But should be cancelled in the Parliament too.
Whenever a person(farmer or govt/private employers) takes a loan he estimates that he can pay the installments but  sometimes someone in his family gets contracted with some disease his whole money or property  gets used because of lack of good fair price hospitals.
Modi is the best leader India has ever had. Jai Hind 
This guy should be in jail long time ago. Why media is still highlight him. He's very rich with crores still Kishan?
Is this about the pollution problem in Dehli? Maybe a deal where the farm laws are repealed in exchange for farmers not burning stubble?
Try too put it in hindi or urdu as most  of the bills related to farmers as most of them dnt know English
How many crores kick back has Indian prime minister, home minster and haryana SDM have got from their unlawful fathers adani & ambani for this brutal attack.
2. What about MSP(minimum supporting price) & APMC(agriculture products market price)??
What I could understand from your presentation is that the fear of farmers from Punjab and Haryana are based on imaginary assumptions which are yet to realize. May be they should try the new bill for 3 to 4 years and if the bill is turning against then there is always an option to vote out the Govt. Remember the Govts are not forever. 
Shekhar Gupta sir keeps supporting the bills, but Prints other posts and features keep supporting protestors. Ese kese
Govt: I will pass bills for the farmers for a free economy. 
Jai kisaan jai jawan from farmers of Karnataka south India Dravidians kingdom we support all farmers of India and foreign countries 80% of India is farmers population exploiting farmers since liberation every govt policies have kept indian farmers in camouflage slavery
About time you clown, needed the votes in the upcoming elections in Punjab and UP I bet? 
Real Farmers is at FARM right now
SG s very subtle and non-controversial when he tells the truth "BJP can win election by hindu-muslim polarisation"
Atleast only NDTV good telecast we people india saport farmers 
Arrest all in video for murder, what the the punjab farmer doing in interior up. Hand all of them
We need India back,save India from Bjp
Well articulated and explained how farmers stood their ground and Gov't despite so much false propoganda are still doing agitation, hats off to them.
Support to farmers, but some people have crossed line between protests and politics. Keju bhi to protest chor k politics kr rhe hn na. Ya to protest kro ya politics.
Thanks for the info bro but bills are truly against the farmer
Common people should be aware of the selfish opposition. This lootian Gangs don't want to empower the poor farmers.
I love u brothers ....it was all  necessary ..to unite us ...it will get end  ...we will win our farmers
What a shameless chaneel showing sympathy on killers showing farmers as villain shame on your jounalisim show how they crushed inocents life
Ab mehgai hui to govt bolenge it's due to the farmer protest 
It'll help farmers completely. You need to understand the farmers bill.
Full support from Germany NO FARMERS NO FOOD NO FURTHER 
For a long time I am a supporter of farmer but this is not accepted nobody is above the Tiranga.
They are the one who feed every mouth but this is the price paid by the Government of India. This is New India Of PM Modi
Let's not forget over 160 farmers have died now due to environmental hazards because of how cold it is sitting on those borders day and night during winter and rains. 
This is only and only politics nobody cares for those farmers at all just politics where were they till now and does the life of only those farmers matters what about the merciless killing of other four human beings?????
India needs a new leader before it is too late. Poor farmers.
How nice it would have beem if supreme court had advised govt to pepeal the laws citing farmers unrest
My farmers is god
Primary reason is security concerns. Pakistan's ISI taking advantage of the unrest & disquiet caused by Farmers protests, reignited the fire of Khalistanis and offered tie up with Islamist extremist groups in India and abroad. All this was creating security concerns, hence withdrawal of farm laws is a small price.
So in such cases, BJP should immediately arrange to bring a NEW INHERITANCE LAW where such children are debarred permanently from inheriting parental and ancestral property if they don't take care of their old parents. In case of ABSENCE of any WILL, which might happen due to sudden unforeseeable deaths of parents, property inheritance laws should be changed so that these thankless children cannot inherit their parents property at all in absence of a Will. These children, in absence of any Will, should be compelled by law to prove in courts by default that they have taken care of their parents AFTER they got married.
Now Farmers of other states has to struggle because of this selfish punjabi and Haryana farmers
I'm proud of our farmers and specially because I also belong to village where people have contributed to this protest. 
why farmmer didn't protest when these 3 bill was introduced during upa era
Taliban has stopped trade with all countries except Pakistan. .. why do u people more then required importance to such news... dry fruit is not come under basic requirements. ..
I support farmers! But the voilence they did was too bad!
I am always with farmers because I consume the food prepared by them.
then how come Adani constructed storage facilities before laws were passed. Sir please check the new in MP farmers sold their crops to corporates and they ran away after handover fake check. no one is there to listen. no taxes for corporates inspite Government mandies have to 15 tax which was increased
You r not allow to say about this,farmers have brain,if farmers not have problum,if you are with farmers,you and your chanel, make big hall
those who really wants to know what farm bill is all about,go & watch drishti IAS video over farm bill ,because it is not that easy that u covered everything  in    just  15 min. and this dude digest  first 4 min in doing bakchodi only!! it means he explain whole farm bill in less than 10 min ..wow DUDE
Farmers have a right to protest..to hit the streets. Protests are a part of democratic tradition. Rubiqa is echoing BJP's fascist mindset by challenging the farmer's right to peaceful protest. BJP wants to stifle the freedom to protest.
I always stand with you modi ji
4. Modi Government created false farmer parties and gathered their support certificates and never came to ground zero for talks.
i advised please make this video in hindi than english ,,, than only you can reach the average hindi speaking farmers ...
Fear of losing election in UP,  Punjab and other state results are visible now,  and loosing election will give cheaper petrol and diesel prices.
As usual, lucid and clear video explaining what the bill is. If I were farmer, they should group into a large conglomerate organization or a supplier org. That will have people looking after its interests. Knowing the private corporates they will bury the farmers in paperwork.
He is also godi religion preacher just like godi media
Literally like a bolly movie.. Just that some people hate the heroes here.. Great respect for the Farmers community.
Bhiya salute and lots of love to your hard work and efforts.. Godi media will never explain this..
These farmers are going to wake up to a harsh reality. Contracting farming is happening all over the world.
Without arresting of culprits, why Tikait compromised??? Is he supporting BJP and in the end he will go with BJP
Jai jawan jai kisan appsabhi lakhon kisaano ko mere salam and rivesh ji aap anginat slute  i love your speeches my god bless you long life and success 
Wow... This much happened and I really thought that the real issue is "Deepika Padukone took drugs"... Well done Godi Media....
A real patriot. Your video is great. After seeing this video , Everyone can understand merits and demerits of new black laws. Farmers fears are understandable and also the government's intensions
Maaf karne ka sawal hi nahi atta. Doosri Or Rahul uchak raha hai. Both trying to score political points. The voters should reject both outright. It's a victory of the farmers, by the farmers and for the farmers.
Beating that elder Sikh farmer was brutal,
Harm is already done and forever affects hundreds of poor Indians farmers.
Congratulations to all the farmers who risked their lives to fight for what was right
Great work sir ! My opinion is not to exploit farmers and yes MSP should be a legal right
Or else we can choose Mr Yogiji's way to tackle this terrorist elements. 
Modi has only time to meet actress but not farmers who is giving food for us all Indians.
It is 1991 moment for farmers. Liberate farmers. Just we did our economy.
Supporting farmers is common sense (Not common in politicians) All developed countries pay fat farmer subsidies and high support prices to keep farmers growing grains. Support to farmers from the USA.
no any law to minimum support price
All people present in kisan andolan are not kisaans. They are hired by opposition parties against Modi government
Hats off to u sir....Now So called farmer movement which caused so much  instability in the region has nothing to say/protest and if they still continue their movement then they should be put in jail as they are hiding their wrongdoings in the name of democracy. JAI HIND
You are amazing in explaining, and I love your videos and case articulations. However why were you not explicit in saying, protest is actually fuelled by Middle-men who are showing it as farmers and claiming tax benefits as Agricultural produce which runs in Lakhs of crores. Govt is trying to capture the PAN of buyer of this agricultural produce, that's why agitation is...
Is be devoted to Modi and see India become a Dictatorship Soon very soon....
No corona in so called farmers protest.
We all *INDIAN*are with our KISAN..........
2. Judicial intervention ( farmer tribunal)
Corporations will be benefit from this by black market, they can break the contract and farmers cant challenge in courts
History will remember our dear farmers were the ones who saved democracy in India. It is a lesson learnt by our generation that a party who wins by a huge margin can go crazy in an autocratic manner, can pass bills in the parliament , can choose to ignore opposition, can take the very people who voted them to victory for a ride. Only persistence and unity of the people in a peaceful manner can make them bow down. Hail the farmers of India. On 11;12/21 at 09:00hrs the farmers will do a victory march back to their states. Punjab farmers have sought the permission of the Chief Ministers of some states to hare helicopters to drop flowers on the returning farmers. Returning farmers have decided to go to Harminder Sahib (Golden Temple) to thank the almighty. Farmers of all races are together. Never in the history has this happened before. MODI who used to be called the AURANGZEB of modern India did a 180 degrees turn. GODI media has made the farmers stronger. KISAN from LONDON.
Shamefull govt how u treat that people who give u food that chapati u eat daily that the hardwork of farmer very very bad u have to understand them
The slogan " we are farmers not terrorist " made me cry 
I stand with farmers of india
All india support you ravish Kumar   NDTV
@newslaundry: The tax is paid by the trader/third party to the government who buy crops not the farmers. Framers only pay 2.5% of the amount to the service providers (Aadhtia in Mandi). If the third party can purchase without tax outside the APMC Mandi where no MSP is guaranteed, then APMC Mandi (s) system will collapse. Your end conclusion is correct. I just wanted to mention that.
Our life depends on farmers .. thanks  for farmers.  All nation with them
More than 600 farmers died and the government didn't honor any of them.
If you have any authority to put knowledge for agriculture save our farmers please
Unbelievable protest and sacrifice for over a year by Indian farmers. Well done!
True the rest of the country has never benefited from apmc its a struggle get proper pricing the important thing these protesting farmers should understand the agricultural ecosystems of different states and try to set reforms which can benefit the entire country and not just two states
Why now? This change? All this while farmers were doing strike... Nobody saw this before
Well said !! was looking for what is farmers bill and why they are against it.  I see a video of Major Ravi supporting the bill .
Happy the India's constitution day. Support constitution and support kisaan 
Does farmers exists only in Punjab State? Didn't see any other states farmers protest against the farm laws.
- Rakesh Jhunjhunwala (the Big Bull of India)
QUIT WEST INDIA COMPANY  Kick out Mogli n Yogli to save Farmers. Pandora Minister saving Pandora Amba n AdaEarn in India n Save in Swiss bank 
Bruhhhhhh shes killin it , WILL YOU STAY IN UP TILL HE STEP DOWN:::: bilkul awsome also why she wants to go to BJP worker house ? They were sitting in the car that killed the farmers
What a lovely lady this reporter is. Her step by step explanation of the ongoing anti farmer bill is clear, crisp, and concise. Kudos to the amazing ground work and enlightening us with the true face of this protest. Very Impressed!
You Don't know about the new farm law of our country,, so don't make any video without having any proper knowledge,,, this is not any farmers protest,, there are 16 crore farmers and thousand  farmers associations, union in India,, this fews farmers associations of punjab do not represent the whole farmers and associations of our country,, this protest is politically motivated,,, see the truth before making any video
The farmer is only man in our Economy who buy everything at retail, sell everything at wholesale and pays the freight bothways. 
Not just Indian, all farmers deserve recognition. Farmers feed cities.
Had you shown the death of the kishan who had died during the kisan andolan in your channel?
I hate indian government with pm modi rss 
Farmers will force him to step down
Finally relief for the farmers but sad so many farmers lost there life in this protest 
No farmers no food why are you fighting with farmer plz don't fight with farmers 
You can't blindly say private sector looks only the profit. Farming is not one time business, its a yearly business. If farmers do good only then private sector can get the good produce to buy every year. Its a give and take  win-win mechanism. Free market is required for farmers to understand what is in demand to cultivate and what is not in demand.  Everyone is simply saying that private traders are profit hungry, but once you have open free market, there will be multiple private digital mandis where farmers can start auctioning their produce for good price. Farmers get to choose  whom to sell, they can only sell to highest bidders. Farmers can form their own unions and can  control the price and the private players.
SG Sir, Your commentary on seven C of democracy was missing in the episode where you had analyzed and supported these farm laws. You think opposition would have agreed? I disagree. I still feel PM tried and failed to convince or say "manage" the situation was better than not trying but to convince opposition. I'm sure govt. think tank would have discussed this. It's better to try and fail than to take a defeatist approach.
If proper support from state and central govt's many unemployed persons, even IT personals will dive into agriculture. India will become no. 1 world food supplier.  Pls my humble request to all the viewers and social platforms to raise voice on this.
So farmer's protest is not that much sensible they should first have to see what government has to do with that bill
No doubt the farmers protest is/was n will remain inspirational for decades to come but unfortunately it could not ignite  the common people souls whom they faught for n for their survival(common people) ..may be common people are becoming onlookers n thick skinned day by day...it's unfortunate this protest could not ignite other burning issues what people are living day by day,again not fault of farmers...they know how to give life to a seed which in turn keeps our lives running...
Win for democracy win for farmers
India's agriculture has 50% employment. After the agricultural reform, agricultural companies do not need so many workers. The agricultural policy of the Communist Party of India (Marxism) is more successful than CPC, but CPC has more achievements in industry, so many farmers enter the industrial system after leaving their fields. But CPC had many tragic stories because of the employment problem. From 1980 to 2000, China was like a mini Yeltsin's Russia.
These farmers leave farming
Sir maharastra's suicide cases of cotton and onion farmers should also be quoted
This seems like start of end of project india, even though something is good for the nation all you have to do is resort to violence and the necessary reforms will be repealed even though protest were largely in 2 small states, india has world's largest land under cultivation and our farm output is only 60% of China, nothing can be done of this country. sad
Think  before. What  you  say  Tikait  ji  Yogi ji the  next  purpose  soul of. public relations  hearts
*Jai Kisan Jai Jawan Jai Samvidhan  Bring back Congress to restore democracy secularism and Samvidhan and thus save India  *
Just they are showing farmers side nd captioned congress workers shameless media sold out even they removed dislike button use my like button as dislike button
It was all planned earlier roop kal diya gya ise.... Jai jawan jai kisan se.  Bas jai jawan ho gya h ab..... many Farmers are disappointed...... peacefully krte tho could be possible government sun leti pr ab messing... Everything messing wo bhi 26 Jan ko jiske liye milions of people struggle  just to unit this Bharat
The huge chunk of the food grains grown in India goes to PDS Public Distribution system and the Central Government purchases the same and distributes to the state governments for distributing it to the beneficiaries of public distribution system PDS. The big Corporates and other big guns with lot of money and power at their hands have this ever prevailing ready market and purchase the food grains at 50 to 65% cost of the Minimum Support Price (MSP) from the areas where there are no APMC Mandis apart from Punjab Haryana and Western UP and this very much procured food grains go to the central pool at minimum support price thus earning a profit of nearly 80 to 100%. If all the food grains are bought judiciously at minimum support price then the corporates and so called middlemen will not be earning much profit. This is one of the main reason that why Corporates are desperate to have these three Farm Bills to make upto hundred percent profit and spending no amount on marketing. A big question:- WHY GOVERNMENT IS FAVOURING CORPORATES AND NOT FARMERS. 
Farmers can not do this extra job, they need helping-services. 
Salute to the journalist for blaming Pakistan for all the Fuss  UK, US, Europe, India couldn't stop us from that ? Are we that powerful or are you that incompetent ? Stop blaming others for your failure
7) Apmc acted as a mediator though it collected tax it ensured MSP and now with companies dealing with farmers directly think about any legal battles that could arise and farmers has to fight in the court just like the recent Pepsis Indian farmer lawsuit.
Love n support from Lahnda punjab n Punjab university Lahore ! 
Your explanation was good in theory but you clearly can't understand the problems that farmers would face...
Can't trust a single word this jumlabaz PM says. verbal assurance of repealing the draconian farm laws is just another jumla like the hundreds already made & never fulfilled.
Wounderfull My Heartfull Wishes To Farmers
They are not farmers anymore... they have became violent naxals.... shame to have
I would love to watch a prime time debate with Rakesh Tikait as Anchor and all Godi Anchors as participants.
Really good ganesh till now we don't know for what reasons farmers were protesting, you really gave a good example of Ola and explained. Nice keep it up.
Modiji had to give in to a bunch of goons. I suspect this is a strategic withdrawal. Now, he needs to arrest those who broke the laws, defied the supreme court, commited murder, rape and theft. In Punjab, dangerous forces have grabbed power. The BJP, together with Captain Amrinder and Akali Dal now need to get together and win the State.,
I am with rights of everyone. But in this case, farmers are being unnecessarily and unfairly phobic and dismissive.
Trevor Noah should probably confine his comments to a country or a continent that he is reasonably familiar with rather than attempting to trivialize an issue that he or pretty much most people have no clue about. Before commenting on the protest by some misled farmers of two states in Northern India, people should attempt to find out why do these laws that are applicable to farmers across all 28 states of India are evoking resentment from the farmers of just two states in India.
80% of farmers didn't see the farm bills, benefits, didn't see the rules & protesting on others words...
You realize when youre paying ten times for food . Then you realize you are wrong. Only farmers at  prostrate not Khalistan 
The police protected the stone pelters and beating farmers, so what he should do, check the video of ani, where police and BJP stone pelters were attacking farmers sitting in the camp.
Everything is available now as earlier. This means the real farmers are still in the farm and fake middlemen are in Delhi border....
There are 3 laws passed in parliament regarding the Minimum Support Price and other farming related issue but farmers are demanding the ABOLITION those 3 laws instead of alteration in those laws
Shameful....what kind of farmers are these...their protests are more important than the prestige of country..
I am agriculture student sir nd mam ,my doubt is ,in contract farming big industry's contract with farmers they bond with them but how many farmers are better understanding  terms and condition suppose farmer goes to suffering by these terms and condition then any other low in these bill to protect thems.
Its a great series but I think you missed another important dimension to the solution.We should promote FPO , this will help farmers create there own system new generation farmers can use technology to sell the produce and profits can be with farmers just like Amul.
Finally when it comes to playing Politics Modiji & Amit Shahaji are master Politiations.
Be it in Farm bills or Labour bills, the government is trying to give the entire control to the corporates to exploit the fellow Indians.
Respected Zee Reporters Team and all other Media please explain to farmers, 
This is not just a complete 100% solution but it is better than previous laws and govt should more focus on providing govt  "cold storages" and try to reduce transportation burden of the farmer if he wants to sell it in other areas or want to store it and sell when demand is high.
Government should start taking with farmers they have been there for a long period. They are losing money and livelihood. As a finance professional I strongly support the farm law but I don't support the way gov't dealing with them. If what gov't  saying about the law which will increase the farmers income then why don't it make law about MSP
Study farmers bill, then Vice ( the name carries your intention) will be "wise" enough to understand that it is for the farmers, to the "INDIAN FARMERS". You can also check how the middlemen in the mandi market involve in the produce. Do your homework well before you bluff.  If you don't know a subject please do not comment on it.
Dear sir please make a video why government withdraws these farm bill
i just hope people see this as a win for honest farmers who toil all year long and get paid less than what their hardwork is worth. Never support people who try with all their might to soil an honest and genuine effort with dirty politics and their personal greed.
India government should negotiate with farmers. I belong to a Farmer family from Punjab, Pakistan. I know the pain of farmers.
Hi Shekhar, in order to get a better understanding of MSP... can you put a table of these 24 crops and let the viewers know what was the MSP for them in 2019 and at what price farmers had to sell them. As i understand MSP procurement is only happening on wheat and rice by the government. for the rest it is already an open market procurement.
We hope to see Farmer's happiness after prolonged protests. We wish them to enjoy no hidden conspiracy.
Only police can save delhi now "From so called farmers "
*The Farm Laws were being used to create a wedge between Hindus and Sikhs in Punjab and the Khalistan Movement was piggy backing on it and a full-fledged return to terrorism was the next step.*
These goondas are extension of Aghadi Sarkar of Maharashtra.  They are creating the problem of Farmers but it is not the real issue.,   they are upset over on going CBI and ED investigations   as their vested interest is getting shattered.   Some Wholesale dealers no doubt are affected - but they were cornering the grains stock and selling at very high prices in the market and the cost difference is sizeable.  The APMC has defeated the real purpose due to middle men which was intended to be avoided. Now people have the choice and these crocodiles dont want to loose their loot.
Modi ji hav given an example of Democracy The repeal isnt good bt wht can be done.....
They are lynching BJP karyakarta....stone pelting started in Lakhimpur by khalistani first they tried to ran away and four died later they are lynched....
First video on national level which acculy truly understands fear and demands of farmers ... we dont wanna on roads .. we also wanna live with our family ..
Most of these news channels try to show farmers wrong and give fake newss . F* them all. 
Agar yein laws nahi hothe. Congress vo laws ke liye ladtha tha. Agar laws aagye tho Congress usko bahishkar karne ke liye ladtha. Ek ki warg ke farmers oppose kar rahe the aur bol diya Whole Indian farmers. Because of them real farmers are suffering.
May waheguru listen to the farmers appeal and give them what they want! Waheguru mehar rakhe kissana uthey 
Why did the Honorable President approve of it since there is huge debate about passing of the bill and farmers protest among various region within the country? Couldn't the president ask the bill to be passed by division before approving it and end the debate once and for all.
I was waiting for this these farmers are so brave and powerful hatsoff to them and also to schoopwhopp unscripted for showing the real side
modi ko pata hai ki jamanat japat ho sakti hai U.P elections mein. this is last ditched efforts but i feel its too late now to do this...
Thanks to Rakesh tikait sahab for uplifting common people question
Three state farmers have protested and have won. But what about farmers to whom laws were acceptable. So we have sacrificed desire of 25 states. Ultimately it is election prospects which derive anything in India. Be it very strong , strong or weak govt.
Who the hell is modi, shah or the bjp ? They don't represent all the Indians, and they better understand that at least now !
If Taliban dare to hurt India then we know what we and our Indian army would do to Taliban (if Afganistan had asked for military's help from India then Taliban would not exist now.) Indian army is bigger than the population of Afganistan.
Humanity is first religion,  respect farmers for their efforts....
2. Government can form storage facility for farmer near their area, a token & price for facility can be provided to farmer this will avoid them to travel for a long distance. Government can be intermediary body to store their crop. 
Thanks to this agitation we now know the 'modus operendi' of India haters.What surprises me is no opposition leader or farmer leader has condemned the involvement of pro- khalistani group.Whether farm laws remain or go, but these anti india faces from abroad and within are completely exposed now.And thats where PM has won.
While Watchman,tea maker and finally beggar can eat mushroom than why not farmer can taste pizza
Farmers or Punjabi Sikhs only
For the first time in 20years of my life I can say that somebody is thinking about farmers
Farmers income reducted to half acc. To recent report well done buddy 
c).The receipt for sale of produce received by farmers is as per the support price fixed by the government.
Gandhiji's Satyagrah is considered a unique weapon in delivering freedom to the country by the whole world! Now the farmer's protest is also unique in every respect! I am a Tamilian and do not have a Sikh friend. I was not exposed to their culture. But when I see news reports, I realise my loss. Here is a community, truly spreading brotherhood, thinking of service to others even when faced with hardships. I do not see a single voice which showed anger against the govt. or rulers despite what they have done to them and trying to do to them and all of them are asking in a single voice what is just and what is right for the whole country and its people! And here is a govt. which treats such a peace loving people with water cannons and teargas shells and lathi charge and what not! Force them to stay on the highways in this terrible cold! And the PM and Ministers and leaders calling them names and trying to malign the movement! They forgot the luxuries that they enjoy and the power that they weild against the people are given by the very same people. This govt. does not have any moral rights to stay in power!
Thank you modi for the peace..last year was CAA and now farmers protest have escalated to a whole different level.. Achae din..
Finish Taliban . Finish pakistan terrorist group. Please  save Panjashir. Salute to panjashir warrirors. Jai hind . Jai bharat.
Tbh most of the bjp leaders think that people r still dumb kesa politics krta hai religion pakistan muslim aur kuch bhsdiwle chutya log chutya neta banata hai
Jai.ho Shri yogi ji bold and best CM of India
If Agriculture Markets are put open for private players they will exploit the farmers by many way ,not a new thing.  i think the solution is govt should open the agricultural produce to open  market but fixing a minimum price  for every crop, ( for private players)by this way both objectives can b met, ( farmers happy, end of govt's role in agriculture and entry of private players in agriculture)
Sir these are not farmers .. farmers are on their fields .Sb shi kia pr flag nhi utarana tha jitni bhi respect thi ek hi movement me chali gyi jo bhi 2-3 mahine me gain ki thi... now nothing is going to happen whatever they gain while doing peaceful protest everything has been ruined , now they have given excuse to gov.
This is all South Indian money wasted on North Indian farmers In the name of fair price. I. South India farmers sell to corporate companies their produce and make money.
Afghanis were Farmers until Russia invaded them. And the result are Infront of whole world. it is a wake up call for Indians.
I was a fan of Sudhir anchor par aaj modi ke support mein karte karte usne apna sachcha chehra dikhaaya.
Although I agree to the concerns raised but what is not clear is details of each of the points. For example the loans farmer gets informally what is the rate of interest they pay. If mandis are so effective why do farmers don't get the right price for their produce. The onion which sells at 80 Rs a kg farmer doesn't gets  anything out of it. Government should hold on and talk out the concerns. If necessary bring in additional guidelines to address the concerns. Apprehensions about the new law is justified but it is also true the current system is flawed and filled with middlemen, corruption and inefficiency. Some of these needs unpopular decisions for long term benefits. Change is not easy and thats why we have change managers in large organizations. Somehow the current govt is bad at change management and lacks the right empathy when rolling out them under the umbrella of narrative "Opposition is misguiding people"
7.(2) of chapter 2 of THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT ON PRICE ASSURANCE AND FARM SERVICES ACT, 2020)
Farmers done the biggest mistake
farmers always get their rights   in whole world.  what's happening to India.
Hiw u tell babefit of this laws are u farmer?
2 month hogye hain ,meeting pe meeting gussa ta ayega hi , police violence kr rhi aa farmers nhi
Farmers WON AND MODI LOST.
Just last month, Pakistan hosted an OIC meet to recognize Taliban as a government.
We can't say  every youth thinking the same because they are living in big cuty they don't have any idea about farmers life but their are many youths who joined farmers protest because they know what the farmers go through and will go through after imposing these laws.
Thank you to my brothers and sisters who participated in this awareness rally in New Delhi. Your support means a lot. Keep spreading the awareness and continue to awaken our brothers and sisters who are still asleep. The government is determined to suppressing the voice of the people and Citizens of India are determined to have their voice heard.   Insaniat Zindabad! 
As their is election in UP. Modi govn. don't want to take risk.
Every time India sit for meals ..see their farmers blood in their plate..
Why can't FATF Keep watch on Pakistan Taliban relation.
Very simple how the brokers who are funding the farmer protest are taking the country in wrong direction . Not even willing to debate on parliament very sad. 
Congress and  all opposition exposed. One more mile stone achieved by Modiji and NDA government in this clean India movement. 
 farmers misguided/
The so called farmers well wishers have done nothing to ameliorate their plight. Maximum farmers suicide us taking place in Maharashtra, a non-BJP states.
So clearly explained, current farmer issue is specific & should be termed as Punjab Farmer issue
BJP WALO REHEM KARLO TODHA SA... AMBANI SE MAAFI MANGLO OR BILL WAAPAS LELO... 
Congratulations  to our Farmers
We Want Justice For Lakhimpur Kheri Farmers
I Support farmers ....we are with you
Jai farmer, happy women's day to all
Support of farmers
Modi and BJP AROGANCE has now crossed all limits. People should teach them their original position.
If the laws were so beneficial for the farmers, then why were these not discussed with the farmers- who are the all-important stakeholders in this matter- before passing them in the parliament, which process again was carried out in an absolutely undemocratic manner. What the government is claiming now is all humbug.
Support farmers and tractor 
Agriculture bill was highly important for Farmers.......
Give the farmers their rights.
In previous farm bill, it is mandatory that farmers have to sell in the APMC markets only which are dominated by politicians.
I'm with farmers
Good kdrama played by bjp and Modi
3. to help small farmers with permanent and effective infrastructure of food storage
I feels it's happening in first time in our indian history, where most of  bills passed by centre is either lying with supreme Court for challenge/ validations,  or people come out on roads itself for revokings all of them.
If these acts do not affect the farmer in any way, and in fact only provides them with an additional option to sell their produce outside the market THEN WHY ARE THEY EVEN PROTESTING?
Don't you get threats from the People who are in favor of passing the Bill? , This was the best explanation so far on Farm's  Bill. Further to this being the son of a farmer this video helps to Educate the 21st-century Youths to Ask, Know, Vote, and Share the future trends of e-commerce.
South Indian farmers not involved in protest, that means Farms law has some pro and cons. Why u not shown interest in discussion.?
This Republic Day- Farmers Bill
All these who ran over farmers  have invited uninvited worries for life. Their life won't be easy. God has plans via human forms.
I am proud of you farmers protest 
I don't think farmers in India will do like this
This is bad for farmers. This farm bill good for farmers but its so sad. Government have to take it back. So sad.
Wait till the prices of foodgrain goes up , and see how the bjp funds every policeman to buy those foodgrains.
We support farmers 
On Jan 26th, some fraction of "Farmer" protestors attached New Delhi police, injured 78 police while incredible New Delhi police showed nothing but restraint, and not even one such protestors were met with equivalent violence.  Following that day of violence two major Farmer unions withdrew their support from this protest saying "this protest is not infiltrated with political groups who are supporting Khalitani movement funded mostly by Canadian Sikhs"
So sad. I stand with these farmers.
Workar classs hota to may be gov ke samne har jata...but ye kisan class tha jo gov. Ko zookake hi mana...salute to farmar and Ravish ji
Rakesh tikait you are really a fit person to answer godi media.
He is not allow the police to do the job.   The matter moved forward only interpretation of SC. He must step-down immediately for safegaured the BJP and country
   Modiji got all the Deshdrohies exposed and Kisan virodiyom kho bhi expose hogaya.
Well Farmers can rejoice and stay with colonial laws. Bravo vote bank and foreign funding.
It's great to see finally even media , global leader recognising Taliban has legit group, such shame.
We all should support our all farmers 
Congress ruled the country for more than 65 years and they did nothing to upgrade archaic laws! It has taken 55 years for the country to come-up with new laws for farm sector. When the relevance of a political party becomes low, resistance to any change is obvious. Now it is the role of state governments to ensure MSP for small growers as PM has repeatedly made clear that existing MSP is untouched and in fact there is delta increase. Since majority of states are under BJP, those states should take a leaf out the book and protect small / marginal farmers ! In fact economists have lauded governments' initiatives! If the Congress desires to consolidate itself as a political force, it should work with government as a constructive opposition but should stop opposing every law for the sake of being in opposition !!
Ab farm bill wapis.
Today is Constitution day but this fascist government is doing forceful and destructive action on the spine of Indian economy. But ultimately it will be winning story of Farmers...Jay Jawaan Jay Kisan
All the farmers from Punjab, Haryana, UP , Rajasthan, Tamilnadu,  kerala,  chhatisgarh, bihar, MP, AP, Maharashtra etc., are willing to thank the PM for these awesome laws ..,
Thank you so much for your support for the farmers honestly respect to these people of delhi
*Farmers Protests And The Court*
This time neither Russia nor Iran will support Northern Alliance however if India or Modi dare to fight this war lonely the consequences would be very harsh for India.
Why south farmers should suffer for duffer and broker of north india? No south state farmers protested and we have to suffer without reforms? Make seperate laws for south india and we dnt want foolish north indian politics!! We need farm laws which is long pending request...
Pl let there be farmers' rally, then only all other Indian rally behind Modi. People nowadays  know what is a justifiable agitation. People are no more fools to get opinionated by opposition parties and biased TV wallas.
The "sidhu deep" coin seemed like played to distract the "mudda" farmer's protest..might be intentional!
4 farmers dead  8 BJP leaders are Dead
These laws are for corporates only....not for benefits of farmers
Zee media shame on you kitne talve chatoge
Farming is the best work to do always in history of india
Almighty God bless my farmer's , give them whole lot of strength to fight for justice. Jai jawan  , jai kishan.
Everyone gangster til Indian tractors burst through your barricades
In my view the govt should have included some of farmer's committee heads while formulating/passing farm laws. This would have avoided the protest. Repeal of law is not a good sign for the development.
Don't know about the other demands of the farmers but stubble burning is a very serious issue for air polution and global warming and Govt should not allow this to continue.
We also stand with our farmers
0:58 there was 90% of farmers in delhi 
If the all Farmers should sell their products to Private corporaters... They are completely collapsed PDS.. then there is no mean of Rashan Cards,Antodaya Ann Yojana, BPL cards.
Please go and interview the farmers who were released from prison
What nonsense this Tikait speaks, does not know anything, does not try to know anything and you mad media people gives him so much importance.
So sad....  Justice for farmers
Governmenthave to discuss it with some farmer and some agriculturespecialist off every state .... and I want tell you some old agriculture act who control the rate of agriculture products can it not a rediculas due to it farmer can't get more money.... Indian government can't giving farmers freedom ...  if any government like to do something for farmer then come on act of Dr. Swaminathan Ayog as it is....
Farmers aage bado ham tumhare sath h 
Mr. Gupta, thank you for the explanation. Especially the explanation on APMC and the Rural Development Cess in Punjab. I expected you to also explain why now Punjab Farmers are protesting this change, as it might be beneficial for them. Does this not increase a farmer's earning by atleast 3%???
Please gather all states farmers and show the power of farmers to the cowards
Another one is about contract farming issues suppose a company refuses to pay a farmer the price as per the contract then why the powers are being taken away from farmers to file a case against the company & let a judge make a decision? why a farmers shouldn't be able to fight for hi rights in the court? why is it that only SDM or DC can hear the appeal of farmers and farmers can't go in the court?
Shame shame indian police..why are you fighting against farmers..you guys should stand with them not against..it seems like the indian govt owns every person..person should think as per their minds not as per govt
Some people are saying let them suffer , the " Them " here are the silent poor farmers they don't get to raise their voice , I hope after the repealing of these laws those poor farmers are represented by atleast someone. Rakesh Tikait is an opportunist backed by opposition , I just hope these ppl in their mad ambition for fame and recognition don't go on crushing the poor farmers.
I wanted Farm Laws to be implemented. Sad that Modi had to Repeal them.
It's true...too much politics and democracy hampering growth and development. I believe, farmers will be crushed their selves in future.
I don't know how it will work... What those so called farmers want to prove!
Win win for both. Party and farmers
Thanks a lot Vajpeiji & Many many congratulations to all farmers,specialy to Rakesh Tikeitji and other leadears....
Just withdraw the law plz if they don't need that law why force implementation it shows that its for business people not for farmers.
4) The new bills are placing farmers and traders at the mercy of civil servants, rather than of the courts but after protest govt agreed that all conflict will be solved in civil court by a judge now.
Well planed by Rss bjp, yogi
I am an educated (organic and sustainable) farmer  
How people from distant states show solidarity with farmers?
Is this repeal being done to eventually secure the Presidential seat by bridging the gap created at UP and gaining ground in Punjab ?
I am an educated farmer.
I stand  with farmers 
And those who are actually doing riots are not even indians they may be indians by birth but not by mindset shame on those who took charge and said that the rally will go peacefully.I was supporter of the silent protest till yesterday but today they have lost my support(and support of millions of other indians)
3:40 farmers taxes paid to APMC/ mandi maintains roads that connect to mandis and thus enable transport of the produce. If mandis not maintained , maintenance of these will be affected. Okay. If private competitors come, will they airlift all the produce? Aren't private companies going to arrange easy access to the produce for themselves? they will once they can. Why are these facilities not good already 70 years after independence? That too in India's Bread basket(or whatever we teach in school)? Because nobody has cared till now
It is true that the Farm Laws cannot Completely solve the problems. Infact in long term it poses many threats too. But retrieving already inefficient APMC Mandi system is just like wanting to go back to jail. It has always exploited the farmers.  But in that light the Farm Laws are certainly a revolutionary reform for the sector. But some research in Bihar have proven that mere taking off of APMC system isn't going to benefit farmers rather than put them in a  far more stressing condition. So, the Farm laws, eventhough have many good points in it, will benefit farmers only if the loop holes in the laws are closed. One of the main concerns are exploitation by Big private players. And Agriculture isn't like any other sector. We can't predict nature and hence the harvest. So that the Farm Laws won't turn into another APMC style. Also, the agriculture sector and the system in India is so complicated. But it is noteworthy that south Indian states have different systems to get max profit for their produces. One of the system is 'Uzhavar Santhai' in Tamil Nadu. It's an interesting system.
At least explain in hindi for poor farmers.....Mc India today.
my full support with farmers
Yati Baba's words turned out to be True. Now in India, it's difficult to be Hindu in India. Justice for Kishan Bharwad & Labanya.
730+ farmers sacrificed their lives for this day
Support Farmers Protest 
MSP for agriculture product and privte sector employee salary should be as per govt employee and agriculture income should come under tax slab and no subsidy to farmers....
Support farmers or you will have to buy onions at 500/Rs,Ata or Maida 200/Rs per kilo,others price you can not imagine.LPG is  already above 700/Rs
This is a matter of concern..we should support our farmers in all aspects..so that together we will grow and make a better future...
Thxs channel 4 supporting farmers 4rm Australia 
We r with farmers, love from hyderabad
Victory for the farmers.
The farmer has to be an optimist or he wouldnt still be a farmer.
The explanation of Farm Bill is what my friend calls, a non Farmer explaining what the Farmer needs. The rule of selling in the District Market is not at all prevalent in South. My fiends grows in Madurai and sells in Trivandrum and he did not even know the rule. The main apprehension is that the Government will bring an end to free electricity to Farmers. The laws have never applied in South India, but the suspicion against central government is very deep.
Dalal  would tell the rates to farmers and farmers will have to sell as per Dalal rate
As far as I understood  the bill is for companies  & not for farmers
Proud of my farmer brothers.
Another disadvantage of contract farming is that a company might ask for specific quality of crop which farmers cant ensure as crops grow under open skies unlike potato chips in factories. So if theres excess rain or presence of weed in crops that will increase the price of harvest; therefore, harming the already poor farmer.
With a large section of Indian population's who are farmers , livelihoods at stake, it is natural for them to suspect the intentions of the current rulers , seeing the botched implementation of GST and bad decisions like Demonetization, one cannot simply accept anything thrown on oneself without protest.Althoug the current set of farm laws were looking ground breaking at face, one cannot ally the fears what might happen when these are implemented.  Similar situations have occured in US with negative results where corporates have taken undue advantages. I think these laws need to be redone with extensive discussions with farmers from every state and a slow but careful implementation needs to be thought out. The Devil always remains in the details.
200 farmers die. Liberals: oh let's focus on women
Please post more videos on farmer's protest mainstream media is ignoring such a big protest .
Support for those who feed us, not for who feed modias
Centre should immediately call a meeting with farmer and eradicate the bill as soon as possible 
Jai jai Sri Kishan ..... , Great victory.... God is good...
The only tv channel NDTV help and support farmers and even farmer respect them 
Irony is that everyone wants to be rich but they do not want farmers to be rich with the effect of farm laws
victory of aam aadmi party. Kejriwal govt fully supported farmers and gave them food and water. all credit goes to AAP
Politicians played well with these innocent farmers. These farmers dont want to move ahead with new systems which could have help ed them in the long term. If they are okay with corruption, let it be. May god help India.
I always believe that unless farmers form  a group of 200 hectares each they will be exploited no matter what law says.
According to you APMC is a flawless system . if so , why every day 30 farmers are killing themselves? why lakhs of farmers suicide due to debt ? 
Nothing is abolished and actually one more parallel system govt introduced.. That's it.. Every thing is same but also it's another option for the farmers
If you Don't know...still you don't know because of the "media" you chose as your source. Yes, the word 'FARMER' draws a lot of sentiments and we too respect the real farmers as the condition of those is really bad in our county. These new agricultural laws are for the betterment of Indian farmers and yes when the poor will get then the rich will loose and that's what the protest is all about. Same political parties which created the draft of these laws are now standing against it just to appose the current government and play politics. We are proud to have such government which stands firmly for the prosperity of our country and its people.
Poor farmers got shadow of bad politics like Congress, aap, all opposite parties
WTF did I just see. SG has never been so blunt in calling out BJP Modi demagoguery since he started Print. Kudos.
Pta ni tha World media bhi India k internal matters m itna interested h
I really appreciate farmers efforts and protest
Killing of farmers is not important only 10 gm. drugs which is not found, is a serious crime in India.
The farmers protest will help AAP to win in the Punjab elections.
My full support to farmer for there legal rights
No farmers NO FOOD. Love and support from the Netherlands 
Yogi Sarkar Hosh Mein Aao Hosh Mein Aao
The three Ordinances aim to increase the availability of buyers for farmers produce, by allowing them to trade freely without any license or stock limit, so that an increase in competition among them results in better prices for farmers.  While the Ordinances aim to liberalise trade and increase the number of buyers, de-regulation alone may not be sufficient to attract more buyers.
Republic day parade is only show off of nation but tractors rally is reality of India.
Good decision farmers 
Very Happy n bigest salute to Unity of Farmers. U all are saviour of democracy n guide to whole nation.
Lakhimpur Kheri. The scene of 8 violent deaths at about 3 PM local time. 4 members of a convoy and 4 farmers present died. Ramming pedestrians is never acceptable in the law.  
That's stupid. Poor farmers in Punjab didn't understand the benefits. Oh well democracy wins. Will of the people.
Wow, Salute the Great Farmer, Succeeded their Good Attempts.
#nofarmernofood
BJP have shot themselves in the foot. This is peak, now only decline. This will be taken as weakness from those who voted BJP and there will be a loss of trust. Downfall initiated. 2024 elections will be an uphill battle.
4. Why Modi govt didn't consult Farmer's unions before passing the laws??
few   so called farmers   leading from front  to block road   few  radicalised   t shirt  goons  broking mirror of car   using sharp  edge weapon     
But it will ruin the farmers, make poor poorer and rich corporations more rich.
To all those people who r saying farmers need justice
No more govt support of MSPs - Farmers at the whims of market/corporates
I really hope Pakistani Taliban will do same with Pakistan then it would be nice to hear him after that
3. It is the farmers unions which earlier demanded to repeal the APMC act. Bhartiya kisan union which is now a leading farmers group protesting against the farm bills is the one supported Congress party for the very reason that the congress manifesto promises to repeal the APMCs. 
THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT OF PRICE ASSURANCE AND FARM SERVICES BILL, 2020
Shame on u godi media ...anchors are biased
This farmers specially from Haryana and punjab are afraid that they will lost the money while in other states farmers will profit.
Seriously dekh kr ykin nhii hota ye hmare India ke kishan h.....itne shant....
It's good for farmers..
Imagine, I decided to take the farmer to the court over a dispute; Can he fight it to the end? Hire a lawyer, bear legal expense, several court dates and what not;
Real fears? Perceived fears? who's to say?? Why only Punjab , Haryana farmers protesting? How long can the state be expected to handhold them and keep them safe from market forces? We grow rice, wheat and sugarcane in excess. Why don't we ask these farmers or give them avenues to diversify? 
_How many farmers gave a golden shower to the walls of the Red Fort?_
This bill will provide ample opportunity for corporates to fatten their pockets.... Its not about congress or bjp.. its about ordinary people (farmer) one thing is sure that this bill will kick your stomach....
And request modi to come with the law .. opposition is totally crushed and the bastards who do bastardisation of politics in india will be out totally
Probably Modi thought Nehru means farmer hence farmer must be tortured. Why Modi left torturing Army. Like killing of Alavandan army man.
Lage hath modi ji #railway_groupd_exam_date bhi bta dete to thik rahta 
Without a farmer participation in an MSP framework, these laws are detrimental. 
........  the fundamental issue of the protesting farmers is that, almost 99% of Indian farmers do not have adequate/requisite resources, education, internet /computer tech knowhow of paper/document works, and logistics etc to enjoy the privilege of selling their products across states, and even international markets ( selling their products overseas through shipments), ...  this is the basic Q that would need to be weighed in and  answered now by the Govt  ?? ..... 
Now its time to bring Yogi ji
My query is:who buys foodgrains in the APMC(As far as I know they are also private players in its own way like small traders,adatiyas) now if govt.can not control them not to purchase below msp then what is the guarantee that private players would purchase at reasonable prices & if there is nexus among them let's say we will not allow farmers to sell above a certain prices then what is the govt take on that...if any brother feels he has a solution kindly comments below 
This farmer movement is an historic event and history is always written by blood!!
Our Indian Flag is in the highest place.. farmers did not remove or replace Our Indian Flag with that Yellow flag
WE NEED FOOD TO SURVIVE, BUT THE FARMERS ARE POOR ALL TIME
3. Farmers don't want it, so if government is thinking about farmers then they shouldn't make such ammendment, because farmers don't want them.
And what's about essential commodity amendment bill?
This is not the right time neither for government nor for farmers....but if farmers stay calm at this moment and try to raise their voice by social media or other platforms that is not easy for farmers. After lathi charge not even media covered that news. there are very less who are well educated in farming sector and don't even use social apps. There is a way we all stood beside farmers and raise voice for them.
Hats off farmers.
The farm laws will tear middlemen and rich farmers apart
Bjp trying mislead haryana's protester because they want haryana leave protest and against Punjab 
Only farmers who understands this law,it harm or not harm them
                Those who call themselves farmers do politics
This amendment was necessary for small and marginal farmers. I am feeling sad for them
that just mention INDIA in the Thumbnail and you would get billions of views....
Thats y the whole world is protesting against these farm bills
thank you abhi and niyu main to phone me bill ki pdf lekar gumta hu when someone starts talking about this i just explain this before they speak garbage because you guys know aaj kisi ko actually me civil discuss nahi karna but which politial party they support and what political view they have osko signal karna hai. actual problem gae bhad me.
Gift for farmers? Do you even know what the word 'gift' means?  The farmers have been protesting for almost a year, we cannot even begin to imagine the difficulties they have had to face. Repeal of the contentious farm laws is no gift but a long due obligation.
Indian government should consider Farmers views... otherwise india lose his dignity...
Now time to accept the blunder of Sikh leaders in the time of Partition to join India..............but we still support you and want a peaceful  buffer zone (Khalistan)  between Pakistan and India to normalize the relations of both countries  ......love of Punjabi for other side
No difference between taliban and BJP 
After watching this I certainly know that common people have so much little knowledge of the bill and why farmers are protesting it. It is like," Yeah farmers are asking for something and government is denying that ". Also, the Farming Sector is not that much role in our GDP but it straightly provides us with Food and contributes a lot in employment. The bill is simply to kill the Mediators and control the farmers as Reliance and Big Corporate houses want to enter into the retail chain system and for that, they want to produce packed everything at cheaper prices. It's good but It certainly kills a lof of current employment and uncertainty to farmers. The Corporates bought straight from the farmers and there is a big chance that they try to dupe farmers to stretch their profits as they got all the knowledge, power and money. It'll make some farmers happy also as long as they're complying with the Corporates on the quality and prices. Corporate buys big and store It to late produce that good for a longer period of time. Example, you could get tomatoes at very cheap prices when it's produced in abundance, process that to ketchup and sell it at a higher cost with more shelf life. We need to eventually move to that stage as right now the product is not properly being stocked and a lot of reliable goods are destroyed but we government could solve it via proving good storage facility but No government want to remove their hands from this and hand it to corporates. Anyway, This bill sounds good just for the people who willing to purchase a tomato canned pure than fresh tomatoes. Rest it's not that great for farmers and people who buy fresh. 
2 educated  farmers failed to
Thanks dhruv sir to open out the whole story..I fully agreed with you..yes it's true ofcours govt want to get chance to blame farmers and he succeeded 
I stand with farmers.
Is it possible to make a video on Hathras rape victim brother ... I follow your videos regularly and appreciate your hard work... I am sure you are also saddened by the death of the girl..I am sure you will make a video on it.. Even if you don't make still I will surely appreciate the work you have done so far...if you  make a video many sisters would feel happy about it and thank you for it. imagine she is your own sister and make a video on it.. I would surely support you..
The credibility and responsibilities of the  current Indian government and the media associated with it has been damaged to such an extent , such low that the people from lands far away are required to take notice of facts . If that is not enough already , they still have the shameless audacity to brush it off through all such media propoganda .
Solute to u farmers fight against opressor till widrawl of laws
Great result for the resolve of our farmers. They are showing India the way. United we stand and we can bring the mighty down.
Dark day for India. One day these farmers will realise their mistake. The rules could have been modified and implemented. The rules are not completely bad, mostly good.
Kudos to the farmers. It took none other than a Sardarjee to teach Modi a lesson. Kejriwal, Priyanka, shut up and get lost.
What binds india together is our multilateralism, our diversity , our shared love . Religion alone cannot be above humanity which Modi uses tactically to divide the Indians .
This totally to win the UP election. Godi Government is not concerned with peoples wish but would have resulted in UP loss for BJP
AIM talk like peculiar right wing intellectual, we know how pathetic he is about politics and election. Modi didn't repeal it for Punjab. A child know there is nothing for bjp there. Modi did it for UP calculating the all equation. In western up bjp loosing big. Its really hard for bjp to capture UP again. It should do everything to grab UP again. It is very sad to see every right wing channel ignoring the main reason of BJP's downfall. It is unemployment and price rise of essential goods including diesel and cooking gass. Come on yaar we are still developing nation, these things still pinch most to the middle class and middle class is main vote bank of bjp.
Government should repeal farm laws immediately. 
Small farmers would again have to go to these Dalals and sell vegetables where
Every body is criticising the laws,  no body is proposed the better guidelines to benefit farmers
But sir in ur previous video ralated to Farm Bill u have spoken about Privatization of agricultural sector, in which Privatization will lead to the Domination or legal control of agricultural sector, by the Companies. But here u support Privatization again. Can u clarify which one should be better for the peoples?
You are great sirji ...sahi or galat ki pahchan h sir aapko...I m always with farmers
A very informative session.  Thank you!  I was trying to understand why is it difficult to implement  the infrastructure and system that can audit and impose the MSP at first sale of commodity from farmer to whoever (be it APMCs or Corporates). Why Government has failed here, what are the root causes for this failure? Can you please explain this for my understanding?
Where the media thinks that "MODI KI SHAAN"
only a farmer knows his farming potential
Old congress farmers law is best
Weak PM, the whole nation's farmers will suffer because of Punjab, Surrender Modi 2024 re-election lost.
BJP is gunda criminal party. support kissan
Now the Taliban will sell it to their master Pakistan. this is how coward they are.
Thanks  MIshra ji.with farmers.
Thank you sir, it has been an enlightening video for me. I hope people who are making a ruckus of farm bill see this video and then decide for themselves.
Farmers are the backbone our country govt atleast listen to their demands it has been 9 months they are protesting branding them with other names is disgusting from indian media
2. Is there an option in law for the govt to interfere when things go south for the farmers?
Salute to 700Farmers who
Isn't those 3 farms are passed without proper discussion. Facing saving act by government by repealing the farm laws.
3.Major defect in this black laws is farmers can't go to court if they got loss from the corporates with this black law
Sarkar apni zimmedari se bach rahi hai..jesa Petrol k sath kiya.. co-op decide krenge price kitna hona chahiye.. based on demand. If demand is low price will be low. And in off season price will be out of limit. Let's see privatization of backbone of Indian economy.
Modi ji's heart has not changed, he and his team have done a thorough assessment and evaluation whether there is more electoral damage in withdrawing the law or in implementing it, then the swagger has reduced, but for his blind devotees. it's a hard time.
Very unfortunate that the so called our Honorable PM Mr.Narendra Modi is not understanding the situations of our Great Farmers.. The Govt.is Completely Failed...Our Country is leaning towards the Big Corporates like Adani and Ambani etc..etc.. The Farmers Bill is Totally unconstitutional....Jai Bheem Jai Bharath
BBC Thank you for bringing awareness of   the sentiments of the farmers as they protest peacefuly.
Ek number ghatia news ...sale 5 farmers mar gaye wo nahi bologe ...
Thanks  the Delhiest those who really understand the pain of poor farmers & it is dominion'a effect on every individual who are using daily commodities in their house hold. BJP govt is supporting the cooperates & not caring about the whole india. Jai jawan jai kishan. INQULAB JINDABAD
Since the farmers dont like why you your govt forcing law.
This bill is actually good but I have to say because of Modis silence all this miscommunications have happened. Now its too late. He should have spoken about it earlier like he is vocal about it now also should have advertise its pros properly throughout country. Now because of his silence all this congress gang, tukde tukde gang, Khalistani gang, left liberals got ample time to spread a false impression about this bill.. I dont blame the poor farmers on this but Modis silence plus all government machineries are to be blamed. Now he woke up and talking about it in front camera.
We Support our Farmer brother's n sister's ( khalsaaid.org ) please share our contributions towards our Farmer's.
Criticism for solution 1--- GR BELT regions mainly PJ AND HR r Stuck IN PADDY -WHEAT-MSP.They don't know a thing about farmers problems of arid and semi arid regions like north KN, Southern TG and AP.There is no need to remove ordinances  becoz Govt of PJ passed Acts to procure Paddy and Wheat.A Farmer should produce what's in demand so he needs to to be entrepreneurial without harming environment.IF ECA act is invoked again prices of commodities like onion will just peak WHENEVER ECA limits r imposed.ECA is WW2 Law whose time has come.
  love you   farmer  .......  i Hate Modi and  BJP  RSS
Tears in my eyes for the sincere good wishes to Mr.Anjum from the farmers.There is hope yet.
I am not a BJP supporter in any way but, I think this law is a step in the right direction. MSP applies to only 20 odd crops. Many farmers stuck in a loop of producing the same crops and thus many times govt will end up having too much produce in hand and there are some WTO restrictions that stop govt from exporting all of it. We are ending up with large food wastage. Let's not jump the gun and declare the new bill is evil.
Farmers restored democracy to some degree.
It costed death of 700 farmers.
Madam didn't explicitly mentioned the interest rate which is paid when credit taken by farmer in distress from arhatiyas..
the public is the judge, judge the institution and their wisdom.  bribery is nothing to laugh, but people have in the past,  that's why things have got so worse now      ....know this  people, bribery is a felony and unlawful, report and here should be FIR against these people and not against innocent farmers...
FYI only Punjab farmers are not farmers, I also come from farm family , rest of the farmers in the country doesn't give a damm whats happening they are  struggling in there farms fr their livelihood, like my family . And the sources say ,farmers from Punjab and Haryana are one of the richest in the country thats when they can afford to sit on protest for months together since they don't care about there bread and butter. Only thing for protest is MSP minimum support price that govt procures wheat and other things from Punjab which is fixed no matter what the market price ,govt has to purchase the specified quantity even it is rotting  in the  storages . But these farmers will get benefited .What about the farmers ,who grow sugercane ,cotton ,Turmaric ,Maize Rice ,Millets . Farmers from Punjab also have to understand inpiste govt assured  them its not going to revoke MSP . They just wanted to carry a rally on 26th .Who is benefited by it no one . It's very easy to publish something but please as news channels be responsible and get the right news to the people . Most of the hevocs created based on the mis representation only . And at last we have our elected governments and courts who will decide good and bad in Democracy!  If people were to decide on their own then what's the use of elections and government. Its an absolute anarchy yesterday was one of such example . There will not be somebody from sky going to come and make the things right, its us ,who will vote ,who choose ,its better to make ourselves right then society ll automatically change.
We should not expect from deaf and dumb and ill intended govt but keep it up victory will certainly be you
This is a very peaceful protest. We support the indian farmers.
I love Godi media for their dedication for Government....WE SHOULD APPRECIATE THEIR swami bhakti....
Bjp's 2000 corod donation fund is invested in zee
Modi is playing a role of a hardcore autocrat , shame on him and on all those who are against farmers ...we really need to get rid of such an egoistic and dumb PM #istandwithfarmers
Mundees don't just rely on taxes to pay taxes, otherwise how do they buy the produce from the farmers?
It looks like he did it intentionally. My heart breaks for those farmers who died
Only thing i know is more than 75% of indian farmers are small poor uneducated and trapped by banks
#istandwithfarmers
Irony ..(prof)Modi who wrote the book exam warriors" to help students appearing for the exams failed to convince "agriculture scientists" like Tikait
I feel bad for all the farmers who supported the farms laws a very disappointing moment
Kissan Majdur Ekta Zindabad       victory day of farmers
Government has already taken care of farmers after passing the bill. Middle man and commission agents are on the road which government wants. Opposition involmemt in this protest will help bjp to win next election too. Let them do.
Punjab is just a tiny part of India. It cannot be held whole of India as sabotage. BJP has to keep bigger picture in mind. Farm laws need to be thought out even more given it can give rise to other kind of black economy that cannot be tracked. Cash is still the king in India unless it goes 80 percent cashless, these farm laws would have increased black economy size.
Its a farmer movement
We are with the farmers and the students please March for democracy the whole world is watching from the UK
As Govt. failed to communicate the benefits of new bills at ground level to each n every small farmers...
India Today how low will you stoop to save BJP.
If only 6 percent farmers may affect then why millions of people opposing these bills. I think government is playing logically to start giving benefits to large organizations by removing tax on sale to outside party. Furthermore, if government were really taking all the stakeholders on board then why their demands didn't considered..
Bhai i have seen many news reporter like ravish Kumar ...they are not clear .. they talk like they are against of bjp congress ..but you explain very well ...   Thank u
kissan log 70 saal se crore kamate the. modiji ne galat kiya. ab bechare sirf lakh kamate hai
Interesting thing is that most farmers unhappy with the laws are from Punjab and Haryana where the richest farmers of India live. Why isn't there any major protest in any other states???.
They are the enemy of farmers
when history will written in future .. godi media would be most darkest spot on that
Indian farmers done well . Media and political people not supporting them.
May be you want welfare of India but you can't ignore Indian citizens...We are still striving for food and job .,kindly provide these.. we are not in Wonderland that your animated jumlas will help us..we are in India and we still striving for survival..Msg to BJP
They brought innocent farmer at border in cold and not playing emotional card over them. Khalisatni used common Sikh feeling. Very sad.. 
All people are supporting but I saw two young men shamelessly opposing really very sad Agar ajj nahi to kabhi nahi we all. Should support our farmers
I salute this channel nd sandeep choudhry..baki sb godi media h
700 poor farmers died during this 1 year pm has no courtesy, just to save UP elections he had bend down,
MSP is like a secure government job for farmers! Whatever & how much they grow, government will buy it. Without MSP it's like doing a private job with higher salaries but job uncertainties & insecure future in an ever growing competitive market.
Ban NDTV  in india because they want to become a global media player which they cannot as their employees are also like us. Enough is enough.
Everything  can't  disclose  in public and other thing bjp will not come to power  in Punjab  even otherwise
Friday, 19th Nov 2021 is the foundation day for Khalistan,  Jai Modi. He and Amit Shah encouraged Protests for 2 years. Thank You
Only Anarchy Wins. Shame on so called farmer leaders who use farmers name to put their agenda forward.
Man that was beautiful.......The world should learn how to protest from these farmers...... these guys have got each other's back and everybody is trying to contribute according to their means and skills.....Shame on the govt.  and the mainstream media for their attitude towards these peaceful farmer protesters....these people are so relatable that I felt like I was watching my own mother, father.....love their never say die attitude Damn good journalism
Good to see the unity. Tight slap on GODI MEDIA FACES, BHAKTS and the Useless Bjp government. Shamed Internationaly.
Came from study IQ coz it was taking side of farmers so was biased  and i wanted unbiased to decide my self whether its right or wrong
Factual error:-Futures price is based upon the market price of the commodity, it cannot be the other way around.
Kishano ka income double tabhi hoga jaab farmers ke produce hetu warehousing aur Storages Ki purna arrangements ho. Govt ko aab esh disha mei serious aur immediate Prayas karna chahiye.
1- why i as a farmer should not have price and income stability ?
India should talk with tablian immediate effect
Northern Alliance to which Russia was supporting, where it has gone , it is totally harramkhori matter, India must stay away from it , because Afghani people loves India , in India some of the Afghanis are feeling inconvenient, they wants to go to Australia, Newzeland , Europe where they can be kept conveniently with UN aid .
Stand as one for the farmers...and fight for there rights...
How many of you bhakts or non-bhakts will support this DM if those farmers were your Father,brother,uncle, or your relative ??  They are humans not pigs just like police and Ias officers.. 
Request to Public do not forget and forgive BJP government. More than 700kisaan died.
4 poor Karyakartas got lynched by so called bhindrawala tshirt wearing farmers ye bhi batao
Because they remain farmers all day, but don't remain farmers on 26th january.
Supporting farmer but I am student and youth.
Police will pee in their pants if the farmers pick up the weapon.
700 farmers died and andolan is being continued since one year compelling govt to withdraw three laws by leaving main demands  which will uplift farmers as it is.
6:33 Weaker negotiating position of farmers - Contract enforcement in India needs to be  improved dramatically. Yes. But why have these fears not materialized in other non MSP markets like milk, poultry, fish? What or who is stopping farmers from forming co-ops like Amul which have proved to be a boon for India's milk producers? Can the farmers not conceive this?
Very sad....farmers are beating a person....these are hardcore criminals not farmers.
This is not farmers protest but an organized crime. Farmers don't do this and don't have to do whatever these people did here in delhi  on republic day to get what they really want to get. Ofcourse we wil get to the roots of this violance. Farmer leaders cannot wash their hands as the anti nationals are within them i think.
your work is commendable. so genuine video i have seen on the internet today. As far as i believe for every problem of the farmers , there is a solution given by the govt. lets see what will happen ?
I have seen many videos on YouTube explaining the farm law like water with all merits and demerits and read some pdfs also. But didn't got any proper video of the arguments of the perticular section of farmers as mentioned by Modiji. I think this things are purely political and far above good and bad. But this repealing will encourage many such protest in future may be more aggressively and violently.
Whole farmers protest in India is from Punjab and Haryana it self
Government spending has increased on the farmers and due to the same fact BJP will win 2024 as well. No matter whatever half cooked stories you spread.
BUT today we must all STAND WITH OUR FARMERS and MAKE THEM WIN.
Mr tikait I salute you if the Prime Minister can be stopped from campaigning for party and state election using all the power of the PM    office0
As mentioned by govt, that farmer can still follow old rules only. They have not been abolished. They still exist and can be chosen by farmers if they want
Delhi police is misbehaving with farmers like British police. Beating farmers for hosting national flag.
2:01 not expecting this from farmers.....they are not patriots....shame on them
Other states than Punjab and Haryana have farmers too ...
Great victory for farmers. Proves any anti people move could be defeated..no matter how strong the government pretends to be.
Earlier I was very perplexed about this law...Why there is tussle between Govt and Farmers ? Why farmers are protesting and Why Govt is not revoking this law. But Now I'm happy that all my doubts cleared  through your lecture . Really It  helped me to understand the crux of the matter . You r such a outstanding teacher. 
The farmers agitation is not against the Govt it's against the Corporates , who are ready and coming for Procurement everywhere with cleverness (By clubbing with FCI & Govt)
Why are India and Indian Media crying?
Ok, so new bills are trying to end monopoly of traders (govt supporters) that is great.
Why is UP government stopping them?? Farmer cant enter delhi lucknow,Rahul cant visit hathras,Priyanka cant visit lakhimpur?mmWhat is literally going on?
God bless you beta ji thanks for supporting farmers respect 
No farmers no food no future jai Jawan Jai kisan
Farmers don't pay mandi taxes , it's  buyer who pays over and above MSP.
No matters if y'all Indian or not. They supply food from all over the world! No Farmers, no Food! So stand up! Or else, y'all ain't have onions on your steak! #standwithfarmers
All small farmers are happy with the law !!
Other than Deep Sidhu it doesn't seem like any other farmer leader was involved. His closeness with BJP leaders makes one suspect if the outcome was planned in advance. Wonder whose script the DP is reading. This is not the first time violence has taken place in Delhi. Were they not prepared enough.
Khalistanis want higher MSP and their hundis are the middlemen and traders in Punjab , Haryana.
The end of Rakesh tikait career by N D modi
The reason why mainly Punjab, Haryana and WUP are protesting is because they have better Mandi system and 75% sell at MSP. MP is at 35%.other states less than 6% govt. So Farmers there are protesting for themselves. Not for entire country.
Jai kisan .....salute all farmers and you tube media anchor
mujhe toh lagta hai wholeseller's, Farmer's aur kharidnewale ka beech ka in other word's middlemen...farm bill se unhi ko zyada dikkat hai.
these bills already failed in foreign countries and they added in India also they know about it
Achha lagaa aapko Modi ji ke masle ginte hue.. we can't create more trouble for central government.. support them at all times 
BALKE CONGRESS PARTY HI AATANK WADI HAI
Looks like in states of punjab and haryana, there is great "teamwork" happening between traders, farmers and state governments.  So the Center should roll out the present AGRO REFORMS but allow the various State Legislative assemblies to give a thumbs up or thumbs down to it.  Punjab and Haryana and some parts of UP want to continue the current STATUS QUO and their State Legislatures will deliver that to them.  In ALL other States of India, the AGRO REFORMS have been very well received especially those who know what is there in these AGRO REFORMS.
Tarek Fateh's statement proves Pakistan Army and ISI defeated India and 20 years Indian policy gave in India ass Love Pakistan Army and Pakistan. Live from New Delhi (Pakistan)
Support Indian farmers from Chinas Hong Kong SAR! 
Yogendra Yadav is Biggest Farmer of country.. He became farmer after loosing  Loksabha Elections from. Gurgaon
I am against this farmer protest
One day Taliban capture Pakistan ..then world told you that what  slavery is...
Most important is our country development! Our Farmers should support with Center Government with best proposal for their betterment as well of our India! Jai Hind!
Even when he was killing Sukhbir, Kishan was present on the right, this Kishan is not a terrorist.
The answer to your question in your post is based on trust . How many countries trust taliban? If  they carry guns and rocket launchers to a press conference nobody will trust them. Issue is trust that is why country like China being an ally of Pakistan still does not officially recognize them and Saudi Arabia being a muslim nation closed its embassy in Afghanistan.
#FarmersFighting4Rights
Ki Only 6% Farmers Are Using MSP
Imagine being at farmers position!
This is the way they make hardworking people work on as less pay as possible for the rich people. Farmers lose their farming land and forced to use the only skill they know just to survive.
farmers here in andhra have no objection to farm laws... they always suffer with market committee lootings
Wastage of Time .I am a happy Kisan because of Modi's scemes.
Most simplest and unbiased explanation about the farm bills.
All politics. They only want to defeat one party and one person. This propaganda will continue until UP election and 2024. In the name of farmers dirty politics.   
Totally shame on farmers 
We know who owner of ZEE news is  bjp mp himself
Where is the benefits? To farmer
This is not farmers this is khalistani tattu...
Do you have any idea what are the laws they are protesting against.Thr law allows farmers yo sell their products wherever they like.Earlier they could sell it to an agency called APMC.AC is controlled by rich traders.These traders give money on loan to farmers and they take the products at a minimum support price.Even a farmer like to sell outside of the APMC,he is not allowed.So uneducated farmers are bound to sell it these traders.Now the law allows free market which ll harm traders.Traders misinformed their farmers and brought them on road.And other law, they r protesting is stubble burning fine.if there is no fine air pollution ll continue and more money to be spend on medicine .So govt charged hefty fines. Farmers are not ready to change the habbit of stubble burning.
There is not a single point to defend these laws, even if they r so called benefical in ur eyes, farmers don't want it, so  take it back what is the big deal?? #wesupportfarmers
Your chattukarita = killing of farmers
If farmers are so called "KHALISTANI" ...that means we are being feed by khalistanis
Let the Farmers go to Delhi.....
He is saying "Punjab ke badde kissan the",  Most of these farmers owns less 5 acres of land.
Farmers should've embraced the laws.. but instead there is needless controversy in all this. Implement the laws which real farmers would want  and deal with the Khalistani and anti nationals movement tactfully. And Indians must unite and support the give and defend our sovereignty. No foreign intervention is required.
So how does that connect to repealing farm laws?  Look, someone was willing to pump in around 50 to 100 million US dollars in this farmers agitation. This is ballpark estimate. You can work out yours.
I don't care what he is saying but i like the new look modiji...., 
This are not farmers if they are throwing stone, bracketing and fighting with police and in Punjab CM said that he is not going to follow central govt bill then why this drama by Congress party
Need support to farmer
Until Pakistan remains as a sovereign nation, so will the Taliban. The two are attached at the hips - that is the sad reality.
Also with passage of time the Farmers cannot remain as Becharas and become victims. They have to get educated enhance the skills, I am not saying the farming skills but the economics and become techsavy.
Support farmers support India
Now its time to raise voice not only for farmers but for us also
They r not farmers . Why media report them as farmers. Very shameful act . Such disrespect of national flag . All criminal must be arrested .
Modi has no shame about how the farmers are sitting out in the cold, shows what sort of a leader he is - one who cares about no one except himself.
THIS IS A BIG STUNT FROM BJP TO WIN ELECTION MAKEING THERE SELF LUK GUD N WEN THEY WIN BACK TO WERE THEY WER
After Drishti IAS video on farm bills explained by Dr. Vikas Divyakirti your channel produced a good explanation of the acts and regulation emphasizing more on the corporate details and loopholes.
Punjab Farmers very daring farmers they do not care of thier live ready for death.
They called us ( farmers ) KHALISTANI that united entire India , without any caste creed or sex 
Let me just tell u that all these laws are already there in Western countries  ... Though we support our farmers but laws have both good n bad and good are more than bad... No one can predict future but currently they seem beneficial
There isnt even a mention of either MSP or procurement in the Bill.Access to it, unlike subsidised grains through the PDS, isnt an entitlement for farmers
Police are using lathis on farmer and u r saying 10 police officer are injured are u serious.  There is the video before this in which IAS officer is commanding to smash the head of farmer. Shame on you
Punjab and Haryana farmers are getting MSP because their state govt is supporting them , they have well developed mandi system there.   On contrary we the farmers of UP are left on the mercy traders- baniyas because our state govt is not supporting us. If we sell our crop at MSP in UP mandis we have to wait for about 15 to 20 days in mandi to sell it and than about 1-1.5 months to paid  for it. So we are forced to sell out crop at 1200 or 1300 contrary to Msp 1900 . Every farmer of India is entitled to MSP but its our state government who are not doing enough to provide us ,so correct yourself punjab and Haryana are not taking other states share , they are just getting what they promised ,on contrary our govts are busy in petty politics building idols rather than Making good mandi infrastructure so we can sell our crop at fair price.
Kejriwal government is helping the farmers, it's good deed.
To point ye hai ki farmers ke paas negotiation power badhani chahiye .
GREAT LEADER PM MODI JIU
In January farmers dont have time to protest because they are busy with 2nd crop starting time
If farmers stay united like this after laws then these laws can't harm them.
y india has to send its troops to afghan. v already have many terrorists nd our soldiers r busy in our border. no matter india should not send ita force to other countries. should call back military force frm un peacekeepong missions. world doesn't recognize our power. then y should v help others
In Support and in Solidarity with the Peaceful Farmers Protest Movement in New Delhi, India.
the minimum support price was lower than the international price of the goods. After 2010
we stand  with  farmers
They are not farmers #shaheenbagh2.0
Farmers..??? Reaily...
This government is against the farmer.We are with humans
Well, Half knowledge given is as much Dangerous and Threatening. Elaborate more on the Farmlaws word to word rather than assuming vague media statements as the sole truth. you also forgot to address the Khalistani (separatist) elements that have grown into these protests. 
Currently, farmers are restricted to sell only to registered licensees of the State Governments, Bill aims to create anecosystemwhere thefarmers and traderswill enjoy thefreedom of choiceofsale and purchaseof agri-produce.
m a farmer i don't mind change but there is no effort to provide awareness why change is necessary how it'll effect in good or bad , how we prepare ourselves to take most advantage from these changes.
This move is not because of tikait but modi ji took this step to for the farmer community not to create a wrong propoganda but for them to realise their own mistakes which they will understand in the coming future jai hind 
I wonder when will she visit the 2 kashmiri pandits family who were killed by the terrorists recently. Oh sorry!!! Missed it!! There is no election in J&K.
I really feel sad when that c grade actress compared these poor farmers to terrorist. Our society has really changed in the past few years now they start comparing farmers to anti nationals just because they fight for their survival
Modi cares for his poll victory MORE than anything else on earth !
Farmer road wrong?
United Nations human rights council should look into india and support farmers.and remove black laws
There is some sort of politics going around in the leaders of SKM as well ... i am not saying all of them but some of them for sure. I. Have one question too? When people were marching to delhi from punjab and haryana barricades were broken and farmers were attacked and barricades have been broken in delhi on 26 .. so how come breaking barricades become such a huge issue when previously it was not. Clashes were there before too... Singhu border tikri border are not a home of farmers.
Harassment to general public by administration or farmers union is not justified
If the Govt backs out of these reforms then farmers from Maha, UP, MP, Bihar, and Karnataka should also march towards Delhi. Clearly, there is a step-motherly attitude towards these states. Maharashtra does not even have a proper irrigation system. The fear psychosis of Punjab and Haryana farmers should not be allowed to torpedo the aspirations of Maharashtra and the rest of India farmers.
28 farmers committed sucide per day in india and people celebrate that  farmers won
The farmer protest is an Indian protest. Farmers all over India are protesting please do not make it a Sikh or Punjabi or a khalistani movement
50yrs ruled.. ab kaha desh ki tasweer badal rahi thi but people jst selfish all they jst want make money nothing about india..hate congress supporters all selfish
I am always with modi ji and will be i am proud of modi ji
media doesn't have the guts to ask ambani adani whether thes farm laws are good or bad.
Correction - punjab and haryana  farmers dont get benfit of mandi they get benfit due to procurement at msp by central government.
Congratulations to farmers-Laborer Union & Kisan Sanyukt Morcha !
I stand with the farmers.
Labourers and farmers must not let this neoliberal government ruin them. First consult and convey properly then bring any such legislation. Don't force things and fulfill agenda of your sinister financiers.
Uchit routes ko police ne force aur baricades lga kr bnd kr diya . Tabbi farmers doosre km force walae routes pr chle gye..
It's also important to make necessary amendments regarding the concept of MSP by adding a clause or section whatever. (This should be done after all the necessary discussions from the leading Agricultural Unions in the country or to be more precise, it can be done by developing an app where any farmer from any part of country can give his/her opinions on this matter.) 
God bless our Farmers
What  a Andolan superb salute to all farmers.
what happened to modi in Punjab ?
Logic itself is flawed as they went to farmers protest to gain insights about govt vs farmer . It would make more sense to also go to non protestors and understand why these laws will work . technically sample space is skewed
Modi can never help anyone except richest Indians. Good initiative, this should continue till PM resignation.
When Modi brings something then you guys bent upon to paint him as dictator but when he corrects / climbs down you guys don't want to say that he respects democratic values eventhough it was a bit late. He don't want to give leverage to opposition and get united under Sharad Pawar. He also need to break the Khalistani leverage within farmer groups. The farmer protest could have lingered even for years with their illegal money flown from anti national movement. Of course, he needs consider overall propects of his political party as a prominent leader of it.
Pls also watch open letter analysis of farm bills
Manish Ji: In a democracy, the burden of proof is on those who wish to impose limits on trade and commerce. These 150 year old chains put by British on our farmers need to be cut. Burden of proof is on those shouting to keep them, not on the government who is trying to cut them.
Sir, the big question is that our farmers are sitting on roads for last 2 months they didn't do any such activity why suddenly today? Even a child can tell that there is political conspiracy behind this brutal protest so that Image of Indian farmers can be destroyed in the eyes of Indian citizens. Politicians should be ashamed for such heinous activity that too on our republic day.
This was not expected. We know the problems of the Farmers but every situation has to be in limits. It was our Republic Day.
1st law:  If all the farmers will sell their crops directly to the companies then APMC will be ended soon and also the Food Corp. of India will also be closed or terminated. After that, most of these companies will refused to take crops at MSP and because a farmer already spend money on the cultivation, he will not have other option to sell his crops at low price.
 When Modi turned 21 in 1971, India was fighting its third war with Pakistan.
Government must respect farmers and pay attention to their demands
when govt is,assured farmers will getbetter price then make MSP as guarantee,whats the problem
 Issues - 1. Might lead to hoarding and black marketing 2. Issues - 1. Unawareness of farmers about their rights - - eg. Shanta kumar committee says only 6% HH get MSP benefits. 2. This leads to non implementation of schemes - 10281 suicides in 2019 in India despite Various Govt reforms
All the taxes which are there they are not put on farmers if MSP is 2000 farmer sell crop at 2000 taxes are paid by buyer not farmers and APMC in Punjab are lot easy to reach with in 3 to 5 KM
It means farmers are free from Mandi dalals exploitation now  good news
Farmers of our country will live poorly and the people that are here to support this, the Bill was to commercialize farming so that investment could be done and the tools that farmers of our country have could be mordenized for example combiners and harvesters provided to farmers ob the companies expense
Future of farmer's is organic farming 
3 - Allow farmers to sell their produce anywhere, and removes the "mandi" system. which on the face may look good, but it doesnt leave the "government" option, and leaves farmers to compete with big businesses who can afford the transportation and sales. Destroys local small farmers.
Modis attitude towards farmers is horrible .........in the coming elections indian people will show you the door out..............
Good to see you Arfa Mam in the protest, this is something good doing and helping our beloved farmer's in this struggle, God's Blessings are always bestowed on human's who help other's in their need's , not the evil one's , hell fire waits for all these evil people and very soon we all citizen's will witness their downfall , keep up the good work Mam Arfa, we all support our farmer's in this struggle, Jai Jawan , Jai Kisan...
Farmer sows the seed. Bible is the seed God jesus sowed n satisfied our soul. C " Bible' in google!'
Fantastic. Boss of India, Ruler of India today is KISAN, FARMER, Tractor Rally,.and not MODI,.entire world is seeing. Modi's arrogance has reduced a little bit now. Result of Top Down leadership is being seen today. Modi.did not recognise the contribution of a sardar, Manmohan Singh, NOW sardars have shown their Power. Modi the Talker never imagined.
Respect FARMERS
Very good action by the Govt. and police, these idle goons in the name of farmer protesters ,needs to get lessons
Govt will spend 2.5 lakh crore rupees on msp this year. Majority of this goes to big farmers because msp is paid per kilo. More your produce, more you get. If this whole money is given as direct transfers to small scale farmers,  each will about 26 thousand rupees. That is 2.5 lakh crore decided by 9.45 crore households registered as per Pm Kisan. Add to that. The 6000 govt already gives. That is 32000 rupees per small scale farming house hold. That is what people should be asking for.
But The Rioters Who Don't want understanding the police Feeling That situation They are not Farmers
Lot's of support to my farmers...#protectfarmers
Now all Farmers will become Rich millionaires 
I am with Farmers
Great Conciousness of Rakesh Tikait to firmly expose the double agenda conflicting on stage by media platform...
Thanks to Modi-BJP,  plenty of food fun and drinks.. punjabis are partying not protesting.
How is Farmers bill taking away anything from farmers?
It's simply because of Punjab elections Modi has obliged Captain Amarinder Singh. Even UP election is not a problem. Because in UP  BJP will win even if the farm laws continue. May be they get fewer number of seats than now, but they will win.
Inless the farmers call off their protest peacefully and willingly- no further demands should be entertained bu govt.
Feeling so proud to see dehli people for farmers support. Thanks a lot from punjab
*I will embolden farmers to become rulers of the world* 
Its sad that Mr ravish Kumar had not even tweeted or posted about this incident on his social media handle.
You fail to understand Modiji's long and smartly  targeted strategies
I don't see any farmers here
Good stand paji... We need a greater movement with big personality like u for farmers.
No it's a very risky n difficult time to choose a side for India I support Peasant Dhawan sir in this matter not Ravish Kumar
After one year of persistence n sacrifice  we won. kisaan ekta zindabad 
I have a question. Why is BJP so obsessed to issue the bill?
Your channel became very frastrated when Tikayet ji given 2 rating. You were trying to preserise him give at least 5. Is it a grocery shop ???? You are shameless Godi Media
Sr can you please explain then why farmers are disagreeing with the bill??
Godi media Will never show this
Agriculture revenue is fully based demand & supply of produce. These bills are not beneficial for farmers producing regular produce like wheat and rice. These bills are beneficial for farmers producing rare crops like dragon fruit etc. 
Thank you for your presentation on the Repeal of the Farm Laws and the present problems farmers face. Central government should facilitate extension studies and training for farmers so that they can learn about the items you have covered in this presentation. Central and local governments should create avenues where the farmers can sell their products locally for appropriate price. This will give the consumers the opportunity to avail fresh farm products and the farmers will get fair price for their products. The government should also make funding and technology available to the farmers at all levels so that they can have access to appropriate climate controlled storage. Young people should also step in to social entrepreneurial roles to solve these problems for the farmers.
It is good step of farmers
Wish I was a poor farmer like Tikait, just worth Rs 80 crores!.
I still have some doubts so what will happen if msp extended in private market. it is a good move right, u could use it assure farmers so anyone can explain me what is wrong with it
5. Kindly explain how some farmers can buy Audi's in Punjab(and many states), and send their children to study in expensive schools/colleges, settle in foreign countries, but many others are dirt poor, despite MSP being same for all, when apparently, nobody is interested in selling to pvt players already present in market? How will the new laws affect those families that run side businesses of manufacturing and being middleman themselves, apart from farming, and avoid taxes by declaring themselves as only farmers, against those who can really only farm. 
Yaar newslaundry one epic podcast discussion with each paragraph of all 3 bills would be an iconic with references from swaminathan committee report. Meghnad, Nidhi, Basant as he's also coverings the farmers protest. Meghnad a nuances on all paragraph would iconic for Newslaundry archives.
Congress party has played dirty politics and acted as a hurdle in the path of development of farmers.
I support farmers.but this is a suicide mission
When we have an adamant corrupt govt. Then people have to resort to such grave measures  to defend their rights  My sincere support is always with the farmers.
They never think about farmer..but when bJP did good for BJP they are playing darty politics..
Jai Ho Modi__can't say  other wave but an end of political parties except BJP under the good step of our world famous leader PM. Thinks that  now Kumbhkarna come, end on head quickly. Victory will greet you.
After so many explanations and good will by the government, even to the extent of witholding the laws for the next 18 to 24 months, it is sad to see some in india hell bent on disgracing the government. There is no respect by the farmer for the nation. Just a group of debauchers.
Please do not stick farmer sticker
Rakesh tikait will be best farmer of Indian...let's make him next PM..HAPPY
Blocking roads are no means to protest. It was the mistake on part of farmers .. and if someone says why farmers from other states did not take part..he must be unaware of their poor condition. Farmers from Punjab and haryana are well ahead of them. Others don't even understand or know what law has been imposed.
This is the most insightful and balance presentation on the implications of the bills. Instead of agreeing to include the exploitation preventive regulations you mentioned, the bills were simply withdrawn. The farmers are back to square one. The farmers always bear the brunt - in India and most parts of the world. This has been historically been the case for most part of human civilisation.
Why the traffic rules and other laws not applicable to these farmers who get free water, electricity, free loan, and subsidies at the cost of income tax payers money. Why all laws are applicable to law abiding citizens.
By far.... The best explanation anyone could have given, in a crisp format ! #SupportFarmers
Very sad. When India wants to grow the feeding hand is blocking it. Competitive arena alone enables growth. Feeding hands, please support our great nation. 10% growth of a 60% workforce will enable us to be a world power.
I'm sad for the farmer.why?!!
But for real farmers paid much less than it is sold in retail Market.
I'm from Punjab and my father is farmer so i now how important is this for our indian people to now current situation of farmer or kase bo survive kar rahe hai. Or Mere dad muje kahte hai ki hum kabi farmers wali line me nhi aana kyonki is cheej mein prophit hai hee nahin. jo kost phasal ko taiyaar karane mein aatee hai, vah bechane par bhee nahin mil rahee. Ek outsider isako samajh bhee nahin sakata.
Very sad. Sorry for the loss of bereaved families of farmers as well as bjp workers. But, whats wrong with so-called vultures from Congress & likeminded parties. They do accuse govt in power of playing dirty politics, but never realise how they shamelessly shapen up the atmosphere of politicising the matter. Did anyone hear them rushing to villages/towns of army men KIA at Intl. border, like they react at the time of state or centre elections.
Remember 120 million farmers in India .
Tikats sahab body language shows there is a breach in unity Kisan ekta zindabad
I don't understand your discussion 100pct but as a common man  why should I favour BJP where this party increase the fuel price increased unethical ly and the comon man suffering. Vel vel vetrivel. This is tamil God murugans weapon. Happy everybody is praising.
Sir u r best so wonderfully u explained , now i strongly support the Kishan Andolan
Thanks india today.. Please show more on farmer protest... Show less on bollywood... As farmer's protest is more important than bollywood...
after March 10th both the farmers and youths will protest for their rights.
Proud of our farmers
Who thinks that Farmers Bill is to help Jio Mart
Farmers should b Happy
Then the farmers are illiterates they are new age farmer's don't fool with your baaayoooooo or beeehannoooo!! If Congress would also do it farmers would still protest
No votes for bjp these elections he is such a clown
Even world Bank  and imf , usa supported this bill
You cant just come and repeal the bill like nothing has happened. People have died-700 people. Who answers for that?
We are proud on our farmers
No farmers no food , simple how long we people live on flesh or meat.  
Who will take the responsibility & accountability  of 600+ Deaths Farmers
Mr Dass where are the big farmers in Punjab. Maximum holding is 30 acres..So beg to disagree on your contention of movement of big farmers..
Farmers and student must protest against Bjp monopolies poltics...
You will see the minister son will be free who killed farmers under his car and later fired on them. 
Only middle men oppose this bill not farmers
Eassy on farmer protest
We need to widen our perspective if we want to understand farmers.  These people are sitting there from last two months in such a cold weather, when we are enjoying our sleeps. Some of them are very old.  In the past so many committed suicides because of debt.  Keeping in view their sufferings deviation can be forgotten.
This is not farmers
First read Farm Bills then make video bro coz knowledge without clarity is dangerous and we don't make our law on the basis of foreign people opinion and media...
Dear Farmer protestors,
Great video, thank you. But if agricultural prices will rise due to these bills, why are farmers protesting?
Considering the importance of this explanation, please consider making another video in hindi punjabi and haryanvi with the same content, so that it can be understood by the farmers.
Vox: what about the other states where MSP isnt there anymore or trades are happening outside of mandis - apart from Bihar how are they doing?  What has been the time period since the MSP is laid out? What kinds of model exists in world wherein agri sectors who are heavily dependent on government subsidies can work towards being independent? What is the cost of protection provided to farmers in terms of tax payers money? What is happening to the grains taken by FCI and stored which are procured from farmers on MSP and than sold to poor people (most are farmers and farm labours and other labours) at PDS systems for extremely low price? 
700 farmers gave their lives ...
it was just a simple and clear explaination of farm bills from the  introducing to the repealing ,it was just an amazing  explaintion i loved it ,thank you so much for such an explaination
Sorry i know a lot will argue or disagree, but im in my fields right now: 6 hrs bijli aati hai, nitrogen ferts are 2000 a gunny bag, urea is misused to ripen the product , labour costs nearly 20%pf our total cost and ground water is going down.. but we still grow the rice because the alternative is corn and the difference between both is over a 1000 rupees per quintal. Although corn production is 30% cheaper. So what does this mean, corn is worth 20,000 rupees an acre and rice is worth ,70-80,000 an acre. Farmers don't have a choice because the government doesn't give is a choice.
It's we saying you must know the full  picture of farmer protest before comment on it
We can't imagine our lives without Farmers we belong to Farmer's family.
Sad to see the withdrawal of these 3 laws...it would have benefitted the small scale  Farmers .. unfortunately now  small scale farmers will suffer
You missed the WB election result impact on BJP
If the farmers of India want to be poor than what can we do for them 
 Modi is agressive and patriotic leader who could go to any extent to safeguard Indian soil.
#support Indian farmers.
As long as there is nothing illegal or immoral, not only for Farmers, but for all other groups of people, let them choose and decide what kind of system they feel can help them. Later along the way, they can always re-adjust as they progress.
I have doubt/apprehension about n  if the current govt will stick to what they have agreed to these farmers even if it is in writing...what about law on MSP?
Govt. of India is forced to buy Rice at exorbitant prices - rice that no one wants. This rice then gets redistributed to other parts of India at rock bottom prices or for free. As a result, paddy/rice farmers in those states get priced out of the market and end up working as laborers for the greedy Punjabis.
Where is video of car mauling farmers down...UP mein itne payia kaha se agya?
Thank you Trevor Noahfor atleast making a video on our farmers situation...lots of love from India and Indian farmers...
I m from Pakistan Punjab i will support farmers .. shame on u Indian politics nd police
If Afghans can't fight for their one country and surrender to Taliban terrorists then we should leave it to them.
Priestess Hannah of the Goddess that Dances with her Brother the SUN in order to make,create and produce all fruits, vegetables and legumes that our brothers and sisters farmers harvest for us to build, maintain and upgrade Civilization sends love to all farmers local, national and international. Urging politicians to go hug, wash the hands and kiss them. Eye Love You.
Imagine if India followed china's policy but it is power of democracy which gives you right to protest at the same time these reforms were required to modernize agriculture sector in India. I don't know what is wrong or right but really sad as well as happy for farmers
Sir aap bhi godi media ban rahe ho please come back
But nowhere in the world any government gives or even assures minimum prices for any thing you make ( non agriculture ) so why should farmers get that benefit. Why are farmers growing wheat which is of lower variety just because they are assured of a price even for bad quality. Because the first buyer need to give pan number to the farmer/government  and then the black economy  presently booming due to.misuse of agriculture income.
jab parliament me farm laws piche lenge tab actual me kuch hoga .Ye abhi ka bolna  sirf UP election kel liye he.
this is the best video which i have seen for the farm bills . all my confusions are gone now. i m thankful to both of u and highly appreciate your efforts. i feel satisfied that i have subscribed to this channel . and bhaiya u look like south india actor . handsome !
O God please give Energy to Farmers for every Success 
I support for our farmers
Reform is for party fund or for farmers ?
I watched your entire video and found you couldn't stand neutral and justify the protests due to lack of understanding in subject. Do you know India is in top 5 agricultural producing countries, still Indian farmers earn way less than their western counterparts? Why so? Because current APMC act prohibits farmers to sell their produce out of Mandi so called wholesale market. In Mandi a mediator would buy farmers produce on low cost and sell high to retailers. Farmers don't get the right price for their products hence.
He is not representative of all farmers
In my opinion contract with the farmer and trader is the best way
If these are farmers than 
This protest is not only about farmers. You must consider the politics behind it. Farmers from 2-3 states are protesting and you people are ignoring other farmers from rest of the part of India which is a major portion.
The andh bakths will justify this while eating the food that farmers were bleeding to make...
On the the Republic day they firing farmers shame
Indian farmers 
I salute to farmers of my India  na harana sikha hai na haarenge  mere  k Kishan 
No words to say about your contribution in farmer's protest by writing beautiful lyrics and singing these songs...
Best vedio on farmers protest. Nice explanation sir ji thanks sir
The farmers are right that they don't believe central government because it's full of loopholes .
SEKHAR SIR , DO YOU REMEMBER THE DATE " 16 TH APRIL 1999/ 16/04/1999 " WHEN ATAL VIHARI BAJPAYEE JI'S GOVERNMENT WAS FALLEN JUST FOR 1 VOTE ; AT THAT PARLIAMENT SESSION PRESENT AGRICULTURAL MINISTER SHRI. NARENDRA SINGH TOMAR JI WAS PRESENT ATAL JI SAID " PARTIYAN AYEGI JAYEGI,BAHUT PARTY GIREGI SARKAR BANYEGI SARKAR GIREGI LEKIN YEAH LOKTANTRA RAHENA CHAHIYE AUR YEAH DESH RAHENA CHAHIYE "...THESE ARE THE WORDS SHOULD HOVERING AROUND THE SKIES OF PARLIAMENT FROM HEAVEN SOMEWHERE ATAL JI IS TELLING & SMILING BUT MY QUESTION BEFORE YOU SEKHAR SIR , IS NARENDRA MODI , AMIT SHAH , NARENDRA SINGH TOMAR , RAJNATH SINGH ARE THEY INTROSPECTING THESE WORDS ARE THEY SEEING THEIR FACES IN MIRROR WHAT THEY ARE DOING NOW ? AUR SADAN KI US KARBAYEI MEIN " 16 TH APRIL 1999/ 16/004/1999 " ATAL JI KO " BARRISTER. SOMNATH MUKHERJEE JI JO US WAQUAT CPI(M) SE MEMBER. OF. PARLIAMENT THA BOLPUR(BIRBHUM DISTRICT. STATE WEST BENGAL SE ) PUCHA THA " ATAL JI KYA AAP AAP KA ANE WALI PIRI JAISE @narendramodi NARENDRA MODI SE KADAM SE KADAM MILAKAR CHAL SAKENGE? " 
"BJP can have fight elections on polarization of Hindu-Muslim but it should not fight on a polarization of Hindu-Sikh. I support and love this politics in democracy"-SG
  And yes, the whole protest was largely baseless, anti-India, anti-govt. organizations were fueling these protests, it had very little to do with farm laws.
As a farmer myself. The decision by Govt of India is correct it benefits poor farmers. This is done by opposition parties as most of the farmers are illiterate they don't understand the benefits of these laws.
Appeal to all the farmers to plz continue your protest and ask PM Modi to bring petrol and diesel under GST.
Our PM Modi Ji is very polite but it becomes good if the Agriculture amended rule not to be changed.
Repeal 3 Bill and make sure law of the MSP
You guys are the best, but you're wrong about this. Farmers who supported the farm reforms should have been on the streets as well.
Though i like all of your videos but this time i am not convinced  as i myself am a  farmer from Uttarakhand . You have vast  knowledge of academics but i suggest you following...
The government made these rules to help  and support the rich traders and not the farmers. The problems that the farmers are facing wont be limited to the farmers alone, they will next show up in the general society as well. The current government has succeeded in placing the future of the next generation of children of this country into deep slavery by promoting endless privatization, transferring wealth to the riches, performing changes in rules that were protecting the democracy so far. 
Despite that some more percentage of farmer be benefited from Gov procurement. The value a seller gets in his relationship with the buyer depends upon whether the seller has an alternative option. Otherwise the buyer exploits his monopoly power.
But due to lack of purchasers(/    ) a farmer can not think if growing these.
Bullshit rhetoric... completely stumped by the decision; direct & indirect agitators who spent more than 5000 crores on this mega sponsored event in the name of poor farmers; all with dwindling fortunes, just found fumbling for thoughts & words whilst on camera.
Ye Bill BJP, Reliance Fresh ko sidha faida pauchane ke liye hai.
Rakesh Dacoit. Looted future of farmers. Well done. I  my endia.
Best video I've seen today. Much needed information for common non-agricultural people like me. And I want to thank ScoopWhoop for keeping alive this dying issue of farmers protest.
Its just one part of protest that was not required. Moreover FARMERS being protesting PEACEFULLY from arond 5 months but govt. is not listening. They been sitting on roads in this extreme winter for their rights. The tractor prade was completed peacefully nd historically on all routes. People were raining flowers on farmers as a welcome    Except these few black situations
Our plates are full its not like we are affording it. Its bcz farmers are cultivating for us
Govt should not work with Ego. Farmers bill is not welcomed by Farmers, then why are they not revoking it? Totally undemocratic and cheap tricks played by BJP as usual since 2014
Also most of small farmers dont go to govt Mandis for MSP, they sell their crops to local vendors ...price they get way is more than MSP...MSP can only benefit big farmers who put peoples on job for agriculture.
Agriculture is our wisest pursuit, because it will in the end contribute most to real wealth, good morals & happiness." "The farmer has to be an optimist or he wouldn't still be a farmer." "A good farmer is nothing more nor less than a handy man with a sense of humus."
Modi or bjp  mooh ke baal geera. modi dont play with jumlas and joot. phoot shoot leaders beware.
Three hours of electricity to farmers is a shame
* Technology/Methods- the small farm sizes wont physically support, and the farmers cant afford the substitution of human effort, for mechanical, so labour intensive and inefficient millennia old farming practices continue~
Jai Kissan...save farmers.. save farming..save the country
amit you are going to become supporter of bjp,msp should constant untill the price of petrol, fertilizers,and labour cost is constant ,if all above particular is increased govt must increase msp, amit all are chain system .next thing is private player can root out the small farmers by there power than india become corporate india .if private player enter into the indian agriculture system price of one kg rice 500 rupees with in  four years because no alternative  to pepole total agriculture land in hands of corporate giants hands careful public
What about the 700+ deaths of farmers , fake cases on them by government and farmers who are still injured  who is responsible for it? Modi ?? 
Revolution stage: Modi stops roads now farmers will attack by drones.
Thanks for entire team of NDTV that coverage farmers issue against black Farm Bill.
These are kisans from ALL of India!!
Kicked their Ass. Serves right. #supportfarmers
How they are translating? Man, they are godi media
Our villages , where most farmers reside , require in depth planning and a greater participation of : Banking sector and urban lifestyle transport.
USA gave billions of dollars to Pakistan and this is how this man shows gratitude 
Did u see the speed of that tractor it is MADE IN INDIA 
Very true, very powerful speech. Whole India should stand together, specially common people, if these bills and policies stays poverty will increase, more farmers will commit suicides because they cannot survive with these unfair policies.  Moreover things such as atta, rice and other basic things will become very expensive to buy. Working class will struggle to make a monthly budget and farmers will not survive
dont need that bill its aal politics , u are godi  media
Secondly, the cost of our produce  wheat, rice and sugar - to mention few is higher than the prevalent international prices. The landed cost of wheat at our ports from say Australia or Canada is lower than the cost of wheat transported from north India to south. The high price-tag as fixed by MSP, despite low labour costs, is due to higher cost of agro-inputs such as fertilizer (despite subsidy), cost of fuel such as diesel, agro-chemicals, agro-equipment. However, these issues remain unattended.
These  protests create history in india to protect our kisaan and our democracy
How can a common people from other states can help farmers pls tell sir  thinking write a letter to PM if we all ryt atleast they can hear
Progressive farm laws have been repealed on the context of failure in getting some farmers of 2 and a quarter state on board in a large country is a problem, since its shows victory of mobocracy and anarchy. The template is laid out and succeeded in demonstrating that reforms aren't possible if a few rich (farmers/individuals) take the streets despite a thumping majority. Its a pity. BJP is not winning Punjab, neither Khalistani threat is going away with this move rather Government has projected weakness and cluelessness. Opposition will use this template for sure but its not good for the country since external forces and think tanks of China, Pakistan and Khalistani terrorists have taken congnisance too
Brave farmers bring down BJP goverment.
I support #FarmersProtest
What about rss.  We are indian muslim who are proud be india and keep having guts to say ban taliban, would you say to ban rss and bajarangadal
This is good statement by Chief Minister Sh. Manohar lal ji, In the spite of this matter now excess has done by some political people's so called farmers protesters.
Respect all Farmer #Nofarmer#Nofood
That you farmers and peasants for the food we eat.May Almighty God in Heaven gives you more energy and blessings.......
The nation should apologize to them for not hearing them for about one year. The nation should also pay tribute to all those farmers who lost life during this time and  their families should be provided with good financial assistance. The nation witnessed a lot of atrocities against them.
Lathi charge today from police was not right but what farmers did few months back with police near Lal quila was also not right
Youtube, make this in trending if u care abt farmers of our country.
SC - Farmers are doing everything which is unacceptable but SC is saying that we will not evict them, we won't follow our own judgement given in the Shaheen Bagh Case "You could block the road if the protest is spontaneous but you cannot cause inconvenience to the larger public by blocking roads for long time". Kudos to the judiciary, tarnishing its own image under the light of its own judgement.
Feel proud of being an lndian made possible by our farmers especially the punjabi farmers in the forefront
It's sad because haryana government had decided that they want 75% reservation for local people and they were going to pass that bill.... it's like saying that newyork corporation needs to hire 75% people only from newyork....not from other parts of United States....so modi had to withdraw farms bill..... it's not the first time, State governments in india always try to implement this rule......they don't want people from other states flocking into their state.....mainly targeted at up,bihar....which are most populous states in india....so alot has been going on in background and it's not a win it's a total loss of india if you look in terms of country's prospective
When kisan  really  in mujafernager rakesh  tikath  you said  har har mahadav  and Allah  hoo akhbar.  Please  tell  me  in kisan  rally  how religion  come .as you angry on India  TV
Salute to brave farmers for their courageous attitude and sacrifice 
Bro I liked the fact that u made a video on farmers protest in India but my question is that why r u silent on whats going on in ur own country? Are u not aware or scared of making a video on the ongoing violence all over south Africa ?
Ravish Kumar best anchor in India
All the people should come out of the house to support farmers..
Best of luck sir you are real hero of  indian press  ravish kumar
Good recapitulation of the fact. It is the biggest movement againat the elected Govt.The sacrifice of the lives will give the befitting reply to the BJP government and the dalal media.
Y all farmers not protesting , that means something is fishy against this govt Jai Modi
Some farmers must have experienced the benefits of MSP and laws. Now with this withdrawn they will see the impact.
Salute to each and every individual of this country who has stands with our farmers for their solidarity agitation
Well done UP police for stopping these kind of drama. No one went to WB when TMC was killing Hindus like PUBG game. We all know opposition parties in India support anti-india Group. Why there were people who supports Khalistan and Khalistan terrorist like Bhindranwal. Stand against the anti-india group and support and save your country from tukde-tukde gang.
I standwithfarmers. Very dirty trick by BJP.
U have contradicted to law by saying farmer doesn't have any right.
that foreign  multinational will kill india industry . Nothing like that happened. The same will happen in farmbill reform  our farmers are very intelligent  like india n  voters
Farmers are back bones of India 
BJPs ruling is atrocious! This is all because of inefficient ruling by Mr. Modi. 
If government was committed for benefit of farmers why they surrendered????
No corporates can store all the foodcrops in a state. So far i know there is a law for that. But now farmers are excluded. Before police will not allow farmers to stock, or even they cannot take their products to other states.
Farmers missed a golden opportunity.
Terrorists not farmers
Please teach some journalism to our indian media
Modi g ne agr pavitra mn ce mafi mangi hai ar bill wapas liya hai to iska smman hona chahiye hamare pm ek great leader hai inke nirnay ka smman hona chahiye
Very sad to our old farmers from Punjab and other states dying on the Delhi roads. 600 farmers lost their life. These farmers fed India from generations. What is their fault? Only fault is in 1947, Instead of taking their own country they proffered to stay with India as Nehru promised them freedom. People now you can see kind of treatment India gave them.
Prime minister has to sit with gurnam face to face. Without that farmers will not go back. Parliament sessions behind scene will not work.
The farmer cannot determine the price of the crop
Unfortunately, on the birth anniversary of late Prime Minister Indira Gandhi, PM Modiji made the announcement to repeal these farm laws.
There is a reason why farmers in Haryana and Punjab are better off than other states where the open markets are killing them.
Thank you All, I stand with farmers too - Love from UK
It was all done just to shut the mouth of the opposite, who were fighting against Modi on just this farmer reforms , and rights for farmers , so Modi has played his master stroke
Rakesh Tikait is a Docait he is working on the money of lootians congress party. I Kick him to Dustbin.
I'm st.citizen from Pune and seen all ur episodes on Farmers protests.U have taken lot of hardships and brought true' facts of this agitation in front of Nation without any fear so that general public understood Farmer's problems.Govt.behaved rudely and mercilessly with Farmers and they will pay the price for it.
Now the true farmers Kisans agriculturists will protest for bringing the 3 Laws back.  Let's see the fun.  Govt is not the sufferer.
i love  you lions  farmers  of india and punjab i love farmers billions time.
O bhai delhi me kisan bethe hi kaha tha ...sab to khalistani or rapist the....
then Bill Gates entered the farming market.
This true Union is Strength. Kisan Union zindabad
It is the loss of the Small farmers and a blow to the growth in their incomes.
First let all the farmers plant at least ten trees per year and improve the environment 
The more 'face' you give these so-called farmers the worse it gets! They have done enough damage!
No idea why  this step by our PM but the thing is it cannot be just for election at all...there must be some strong reason to do this.But in this all what is the fault of other state farmers who wanted this bill.
Support farmers and sikh brothers...
Please conduct interview regarding this with the concerned prime minister..y gov is forcing if farmers don't want this change..this same terms were implemented on Bihar state and farmers of that are suffering now
While watching the video only filter and gather the information about the farm bills. Leave the emotion and opinions out of it. You will notice it is nothing to harm, rather to facilitate. Sir has explained well. But since it is common in our society to call those who struggle and are miserable as great, only as long as they continue to struggle and be miserable, yeah then these farm bills wouldnt have supported the farmers
i support CAA nd NRC. I support kisan.         CAA nd NRC hona hi chahiye
If they are farmer I have all the sympathy for for them but if not they should be punished...
Can you also mention the multiple IMF statements about how these laws will actually increase farmers income?
More power to these farmers. I hope their voices are heard (actually listened to and acted upon) and that they stay safe and well.
"Camping outside the city for a year..." How do these farmers and their families earn money to feed themselves when they are protesting for over a year? Is it even correct to call them farmers when they aren't even farming and seem to have clearly changed careers over the past year?
After I learned & heard many debates from farmers & government, the summary was what was the old law about farming that will be continued & it wont be abandoned . The new law is optional for farmers & its not mandatory. Wherever farmers ll get benefits in new or old law , they can switch it to any one .
Those person who will talk it is tanasha sarkar, for tanasha rule India utter khand parliament had gone through proper channel of kabarsthan, tanasha sarkar will be abolish through proper channel of America and uttarakhand
The problem isn't the farm laws it the way it was done.   India's government is to top down, they need to do this from the bottom up.
So sad to say so because the first atrocities prevailed in occupied Kashmir for the last 15  months where Kashmiri Muslims are detained without any livelihood and no voice from UN, UNSC or the civilized world, but now when the farmers are protesting for the genuine rights, even modi or anybody else is listening to the demands, so think about whose fault, I would say prank modi ?
Jalianwala bagh ka trap bun raha, all be careful. Farmers apni machines se block hata le. Police n law cannot say anything u know that. Halkay mein muth lay isko farmers!
It is not that the poor farmers protested the farm laws, but rather the rich middle men .
Rakesh Takait is a Haryana police inaction creation, he was a very ordinary thug, Haryana Police inaction made him a fake political farmer leader. 
It is the defeat of Indians in general and farmers in particular. Modi has nothing to lose.
"Canada stands with farmers"
If Farmers win as many fajeLeaders are claiming it, it means now farmers will be very wealthy without these 3 rules and getting any help from govt... so let's stop their all subsidies and freebies they are getting for last 70yr but their situation never improved... 
Thnx to BBC, shame on godi media 
Dear western countries... Now that u care for our farmers, cam u pls ask your government to stop asking india to remove msp that we give to our farmers...
Shameful action . Dont do wrong with our farmers
Indian govt has to come up with pilot projects with 1 state first .. once proved apply that to others 1 after another and rectify in case of any issues in favor of farmers not corporates .. next revolution is farmings all corporate are looking into that .
Dhruv- I had found your channel when I wanted to understand more when farm laws came out and now they have been repealed. Full Circle. 
Modi repealed that law.......
Luv the unity, keep it up, god will soon answer the prayers of farmers
If he wants parity in Income with 1967 prices, than let there be Income Tax on agriculture. The farmers are spoilt by Political Parties bcuz of vote politics. If you add up all freebies and subsidies given to farm sector, they might b getting more than the cost of produce.
There is one speculation modi govt vl fall  only because modi took these farm bills
If shikhs can fight for kalishtan why can't they fight Taliban ,all the great Guru and community fought to save our culture against these Islamists. Where are their energies, just against the soft democracy India??? Not against real threats???
Please listen and consider the voice of farmers.
Thank you sir. When all the media is busy with the Hindu-Muslim issue in Afghanistan, you are fighting for the peasant workers and the common people. Thank you sir. Joy India
When Mulla Umar established the taliban govt. they. Shut the farming of afeem just only on one order in whole afganistan.
Farmers lost.
I have supported the farm laws though i thought some ammendments could be done but not repeal at all. I think this is the lesson for government because for sensitive issues like agriculture where 60% of people depends the reform should be bottom up not top down approach. The way the bill was passed in rajya sabha has created a perception of distrust among some farmers from the very start. Every state has a different agriculture pattern based on its economy and geography so one size fits all approach has made the discontent further more. The main problem is that now atleast for next 10-15 years no reform can take place in agri sector.
Kisan majdur ekta zindabad.  Rakesh mishra and his son should be arrested
U can't protest Taliban in afghan or maharashtra leaders is india... 
Thank you so much #vice chainnal showings farmer's heart.indian priminster playing indian citizens 
Now it's make sense why largely farmers from Punjub and Haryana re protesting, I dont why I am Cursing govt till now
I am a Sikh this is not in the Guru Granth sahib these actions are from uneducated trouble makers. People who are useless and who disturb the peace, Corrupt people. Hang them. They need to Be punished shaming Bharat this way. The way these people behave is so sickening. All those demonstration's bad mouthing innocent people is not a behaviour of a good Sikh. But a trouble maker does not make them right. Where is it written a Sikh is a farmer.  Farming is an profession not a caste or religion. That is the statement.
Brilliant Walkthrough since start of farmer protest. Lot of effort to collate timeline based events
Raw inputs for agriculture are no longer land, water and farmer. Innovation, Investment is also added.
Farmers won't drive dangerously  in danger ,there are people exploiting farmers
BJP, congress, zee news murdabaad, 
More power to the farmers ! Jai Hind !
M form haryana ...and he done a great job ...bhai ye sab kuch ni h ye darama h sab politics h... They are max jaat .. they hate bjp bcz in ki cast ka cm ni banya ..to ab bus bahan chye koi bhe bjp govt ko criticise krne ka ..or kuch ni h ...or congress ka support to h he in ko .. baki jo others sate vale h un ko emotional fool bnaya ka raha h ye bole bhale kisan h ....bhai saab aa kr dekho ...bina camera in k bech ..pta lag jyga kitne bhole h 
Allah ho akbar and har har mahadev is the most appropriate slogan to unify Indian citizens which was addressed by tikait sir.
Your idea is good. But govt should give confidence to farmer via minister that msp will be continued.
Farmer Sanjay Singh should actually become a full time journalist
Only Big farmers are against farm laws , some of these people even own 2-3 tractors and call themselves poor 
He said it is better to choose agriculture as an occupation, if we say this to anyone they reject it because they have some college education, they reject it because an educated person cannot choose agriculture as a profession.. There are so many farmers to do it.. But what I feel is we are forgetting our basis
World Supports the Farmers of India. If the Farmers do not get a fair opportunity to live and work in a free market, how will the people of India eat? Modi must of got a slap from GOD.
Freezing weather Modiji dont want his people suffering in cold weather...JAI HIND JAI BHARAT..JAI  Stay United
shame on bjp shame on indian police
Thousands of farmers die every single year.. no tweets by rihanna or greta on that. But the government wishes to bring new laws to increase the earnings of small farmers, a certain group starts protesting against the reforms and an ecosystem developes..
Samdish bro thanks alot plzz make more videos love you  and big respect for you also kisaan Majdoor ekta zindabad 
          Salute to Farmers who are struggling for survival of 75% population of the Nation linked with agriculture and  protesting against the atrocities of corporate politicians who are trying to giving control of National food grains in the hands of some corporaters for profit purposes who drink tea in a cup of Rs.3 lacs.
Salute To Our Great Prime Minister Mr Shri Narendra Modi Ji   & Our Great Chief Minister Mr Shri Yogi Adityanath Maharaj Ji 
I come from an India where mainstream media had sold out their imaan , zameer just for the sake of TRP . How can these journalists be so shameless ki khuddari hi bech di ho bina common sense lagae.
How delhi police could highjack kejriwal govt public bus for stopping farmers ?
- Farmers unable to pay middlemen's money, isn't that the reason for farmer's suicides?
Personally, I was happy about this new farm law because this motivated a new generation of young farmers who have new farming Idea's and can sell either to the government or to the big corporate buyers and make money free of tax...All dreams are shattered...
If Modi has guts let him change FCI into Food Corporation of Punjab & Haryana  and start another system for rest of India.
Bihar has implemented these laws 15years back and you can see where they ended now. They work in Punjab and Haryana.
Rakesh ji, pl protest against EVM too. Present situation of India is because of EVM only. No EVM no EVM no EVM only Ballots only ballots only Ballots.
Kissan never will vote to BJP  till Murkh leader ship will be charged like Modi and Amit
This U turn is deeply disturbing and makes me loose confidence in democracy . It appears that Modi cares only about election wins and clinging to power. Thousands of silent farmers have been betrayed for electoral gains
Is SC sleeping or what. SC had allowed farmers protest. How can they arrest
Government tweaking of the commodity or its prices have to be seen as an action of extreme situations and other times the market forces must prevail. If the problem lies with intermediary agencies, there should be legal provisions to contain actions like hoarding and artificial market manipulations. Government should try minimise the intermediaries  and get producers more easy access and transport of their produce to market! Framers need only such help, otherwise the market will determine the value. However, there is a global glut and price drop that would destabilise the living income of the farmers to a disastrous state, they may have to be rescued by offering minimum prices for such commodity to protect the farmer and keep him on the farm until the market price can support the commodity. These difficulties for the farmer is world over. Occasional socialism may be required to balance the books!
It's not political party's lost...you bloody polititians...it's the loss for poor farmers...k...you...
my full support ti farmers and aap 
Lots of love from India. I have been watching every video of yours since you covered Trump's visit to India. Thanks a lot for this video. Unfortuantely, Arnab Goswami : the Tucker Carlsen of India is gonna do an episode on you and say you're paid and all. Along with all the major media channels of India. They're no less than Chinese Media.
Why modi or amitshah didn't visit the farmer protest site all these 9 months ? And promise the farmers of MSP.agriculture is a state subject,but bill was passed with out consulting states and by cancelling question hour in parliament when the bill was passed.completely unconstitutional.
hello sir i want to ask if there comes a system of 'outside APMC' as mentioned in the first act so there comes a loop hole for moneylenders and others to exploit farmers . so the main reason for APMC to exist in first place will be lapsed . So what about it sir ?
purchased at minimum support price (MSP) and rest was purchased at lower
sir this video provides me a clear view of Farm bills.... everyone has to go through your class... including Farmers and Politicians.....   Don't know why this bill is going to withdraw by Govt..
God bless all these farmers to fight for their rights
I am Support Farmers. Because I am Now In Delhi In Protest
I understand the insecurities of farmers but at the same time how long big farmers will be under father's umbrella?
"Farm laws well-intentioned but Modi govt faltered in communication"
Highly samful for the government and other people also who think that farmers are do wrong.
Media are disappointing they should have educated farmers on the benefits and cons of farmer laws.
3. Punjab farmers are the richest farmers in India. Per data, they get power subsidy, fertilizer subsidy, pm kisan benefits + few state govt subsidies. It amounts to min 1.5 lakh benefit per each farmer per month. Pubjub is most backward in agri market compared to Maharashtra and karnataka . when will they change if their mindset is stuck to existing comfort zone?
Anyways the basic problem still remains, Green Revolution, GM crops & food independance. Farmers grew GM crops and stopped oil seeds & millets for the additional profits it promised.
2. Government middle man hatana chahti hai taki farmers exploit na ho commission se, lekin farmers ka ye kehna hai ki unhe middle man ki services ki bhi zarurat hai, transportation cost bachti hai, kyunki baar baar farmer apni produce market mei lae, agar rates naa mile to ghar vaapis lekar jae, isse transportation cost increase hoti hai aur produce kharab hone ka bhi dar rehta hai. Moisture , humidity iska bohot role rehta hai crop ko deteriorate karne mei, phir storage cost. Produce/ Crop uttarna , chardhana , har ek choti se choti  cheez ka rate hota hai, lekin ye sab middle man karta hai to farmers islye isse oppose kar rhe hain, lekin vo commission bhi leta hai , isliye government hatana chahti hai. Farmers ye bhi bolte hain ki agar kabhi unhe paise ki zarurat hoti hai emergency mein to vo middle man ke pass jaa skte hain, fertilizers kareedne hon ya kuch aur. Paise lagte hain farming karne mein , free mein nhi hoti bhai ya behen, gender dekh kar lga lena.
From now we don't support terrorist farmers.....shame on that farmers protesting we don't need violence but in peace..,.
It was great idea to liberaze the agriculture in India but ofc Punjabi people dont want to go forward and they are just scared of competition in the free market. I hope Prime Minister Modi ji will finally fully liberaze Indian market but he needs time and even this people which dont udenstand how good is it will not stop him. Jai Hind! 
Elections hein aur ab yaad aaya ki yeh kisan Hein..... Warna yeh toh andolan jeevi hein....
Respect to farmers...
Farmers have been protesting peacefully for 2-3 months and most of them still are. But minority did get violent however what hasn't been showed is how the police was beating up some protesters who were causing no trouble at all. Some even speculate that these riots were planned by the government to put farmers in the bad light but no one really knows. Farmers have been protesting to have the newly introduced bills back.
You are wrong. In Punjab in the past BJP never contest more than 20-22 seats. Absurd statements by Mr Abhijit.  Never BJP ruled Punjab. Priority is China preparation for attack India after Olympics. 15-02-2022 until 30.04.2022 will be war period. We lost Mr Arun Jaitley who was diplomat in local Agenda - Mukth Congress at Punjab - That is correct statement By Mr Abhijit
 ....... on the other hand, this would  naturally welcome private traders / middlemen with their wealth,  resources, education,  tech now how, logistics etc and would be buying produce across states, global at odd times with lowest price given to the Indian farmers, thereby these private traders/middlemen  will become hoarders and this evil would be disastrous for the Indian farmers and the country;  
There are not a farmers u pagal
There is plenty of open land ...Govt . does not need to take farmers lands.
Support Farmers                
This is the age of social media. Within hours reality has been exposed. This is another try of Shaheen Bagh but will also see the same fate as Shaheen Bagh. Modi ji will only gain more out of these disruptions.
Great video, articulately explained. I'll like to add something which has not been covered in the video: protestors against the farm laws have been raising a matter of legalizing MSP i.e. asking for Govt to make it illegal for anyone to buy below the Minimum Support Price which will be above the equilibrium price. 
Minister Nd PM has not come from Sky they all choosen by the public and this Government uncaring public and farmers..This is very disgusting..one day u feel it soon
I support farmers protest for the sustainability of future generations.
 were funding Farmers Agitation because they have a vested interest in 
Many Big farmers in India have bonded labourers in their field and they are talking about rights. Hypocrisy.
If Tikait succeeds in breaking this monopoly of the Corrupt then he will Truly unite Indian people into a multiracial movement and change Indian politics forever !
This withdrawal I am sure has hurt Yogiji from within. I am sure he would never have gone back like Modiji had he been the PM. Time the Hindus start getting more vocal and start defending their rights or else we and more our future generations will have to pay the brunt.
If all farmers stop  there farms then fix the price of all farming products with govt then start farming.
Great leader is p.m. modi ji
RAKESH TIKAIT JINDABAD 
If chaiwala can become a PM twice of a country then farmers know farming than anyone else.
Last one why farmers have not right in these bills to file a case in court why they need to depend on Sdm or tehsildaar( local case win who will able to pay more black money) farmers will more exploited.
Greatest living Punjabi/ Greatest living Indian is Manmohan Sir.
Even US farmers is suffering because of few corporation controlling the entire farming industry.
Best and deep information for farmer.
Wat a hopeless government........ farmers are our back bones.....not ambani or adani......treat them respectfully 
Haryana's home minister is concerned about kangana but he isn't concerned about laathicharge on farmers in haryana.
Gupta ji, please don't brush aside the concerns of those who oppose because it's unlikely that a farmer has the choice to transport and sale his produces wherever prices are higher. Also as of today only 6% of farmers get MSP benefit, so MSP is not removed doesn't hold much water. Also there's potential to corporatise agriculture, which is unlikely benefit farmers, remember Jio??
BJP cannot win Punjab and they know it.
Farmers are fighting for country
It's shows clearly they are fully funding from outside to Rakesh and wanted our india never and ever be developed country
Hello Ge, I need clarification here In second bill u said middle man can again take advantage of famers due to persecution but govt already eradicated middle man in 1st bill.So by which farmer can directly sell to the consumers from using 2 bills transperantly.
Dont you know, every year , more than fifteen thousand farmers commit suicide. Basically, these bills are for the benefit of farmers. Ultimate goal is , farmers should be paid more, no more suicides, better and sustainable farming techniques, and more security of farmers interest.
Thanks to our Constitution, Right to Protest Win, Farmers Win
Proud to be the son of farmer ,      thnxx for raising voice of Farmers Dhruv Rathi
Poor farmers with poor cars protesting in a low income country USA, and most of them belong to poorest state in India in terms of agriculture punjab
These farm laws would have industrialise farming in india, but alas. India should have accepted RCEP, these farmers would've been obliterated by industrialized Australian and argentine farmers in the indian market.
3. Why having APMC since 1965 still ensures only 6% of farmers are getting MSP??
These are only few examples. Due to heavy losses, there are many farmer suicides in southern and central states.  
If you don't need it then we don't need it... Going forward if you manipulate prices ArKej or SoGa or MaBa may believe you.. But We Indians won't
Farmers are smarter than Modi...i am mind blown by their understanding of the system
Those say why are there more Sikhs in these protests becoz The Green Revolution started from this Region which made India self-sufficient in food + Punjab, Haryana and UP organisations are well informed, they have Lawyers, Judges and Doctors in their cadre. They know exactly what are these laws. They are very clear about the laws , The only confused case of India is the Government and some stupid people of India who thinks Modi will do everything good for them. Modi didn't do good for his own state's farmers. Cotton was procured for Gujarati farmers at 1300 in Manmohan Singh govt in 2013 and in 2020 its price was 700. Thats what Modi is doing to Farmers.
It is a win of ignorance, lack of drive to understand the bill, and lack of empathy for other farmers. But anyway democracy is a popularity contest.
America is one of the few countries who dared to challenge Taliban. What did India do??  We didn't send our forces. America prevented Taliban from growing for 20 years.
More Power to Farmers..Satyamev Jayate
I think these bills were  milestone for farmers  and govt shouldn't took step back  some modifications can be done by govt but replenishment of bills will impact on farmers in a long term
So clearly explained and now it is crystal clear what the farmers are going through
Rakesh ji Tikaat is not only a farmer he is a Baabar Sher on farmers
Journalists protest only against government when they feel govt is not right, but never counter protest against the protestors when they feel govt laws are right. Doesn't matter if it is farmers protest, if you feel laws are correct then you should go and counter protest.
Why did you not highlight the fact  mentioned by NC Saxena at 7:46 ?  He clearly mentioned that not just the government is buying wheat at almost twice the price from the farmers its has not increased the price of selling to the poor. Please don't mislead nave people. Be unbiased in your analysis. There is no difference between you and that chaudhary guy from Znews, just that you are on the opposite sides. Bharat mata ki jai.
Whatever people say (yeay I do agree Hindustan me sare steps Election oriented hi the)  yet a great step by Government Of India, it was getting more sensitive issue. Thanx to PM of India
Difference between China and India:  China can progress well by implementing good changes,  whereas India can't implement any change due to their political system.  About this farmer's issue, I watched a documentary how political opposition is gathering NON-FARMERS to impersonate as real farmers and create unnecessary trouble.  The solution to all Indian problems is to give Prime Minister Modi same powers as Chinese president has over decision making (for his country). But that will make India a super-power, which could be a good thing for the world as I have learnt from Indian history that India can only spread the message of Peace & non-violence since ancient times, I have never seen original Indians being aggressive or violent, in fact Indians have never been good at fighting and wars (bear in mind that almost 33% of Indian population now is not original Indians).
Every one has right to protest peacefully.But public should not be  disturbed.Govt and farmers should talk on this matter.Bussinessman like Adani. Should not be allowed to purchase farmers crop. Small farmers should be helped by government.Big farmers should give tax to govt.MSP should be given to farmers .
Again a wrong understanding of new farm laws, the laws just gives farmer one more option through which he can now sell his products anywhere he wishes inter states, intra state, private govt etc. Earlier farmers were only allowed to sell in govt markets only in their district.
How pathetic these people are in comments, saying "we support farmers" just by seeing this video, well done india 
I am an Indian farmer. I will tell you this. This issue is related to only 2 states that is Punjab and Haryana. No where else farmers are protesting in India. For a long time farmers in Punjab and Haryana grew at the expense of other farmers in India. Now that their monopoly is broken they are crying about it. I repeat I have no issue with the farm laws brought by Government of India.
And i want say within few weeks it will 1year complete farmer protest so we will support them becoz godi media will not support  they will defamed them 
No farmers in protest they all left goons
This farmer want MSP even selling to private player what nonsense this is if that private player Start importing agriculture product for benefits then  price of food skyrocketing this going to whole level destruction
#imwithfarmer
Very sad. Political parties are responsible for all these.  The vehicle of BJP's leaders hit the farmers and killed them. They should be punished according to law. The death of innocent is very unfortunate. Failure on the part of state government.
Well we will have to wait for Kolkata elections to see whether the general public support Modi or the farmer. Only if the BJP does badly in these elections, will we see an early settlement.
Also, this agitation is ignited by land owners(large tracts of land of Dalits, the oppressed community was grabbed during Khalistan movement), not the cultivators and workers who actually who work in farms and are treated in subhuman ecosystem
I hope Modi Ji Govt must withhold these reform Bills, give a thorough rethinking involving farmers inputs- let our Indian farmers not feel insecue at the hands of welcoming middlement/private traders to manage their produce - this will save the nation- will save Modi Ji dream of Nav Bharat. 
Again I think disputes are really hard to win for the farmers incase of any misadventures from these companies, unless atleast the poor farmers are given unconditional protection from exploitation in any court and at least be able to get back their expences for the loss due to the misunderstanding from the clauses, hoping the educated farmers are at least aware of the contract and what they are signing into.
Jab Farmers Protest tha...Jab BJP kyu nhi milne aayi...You are Mr Choudhary saab
One major assumption is that most farmers use the Mandi system. The figure is around 50-50. those who like using Mandi system like the fact they store storage system, credit, etc while others dislike it because of corrupt officials. Out side of Mandi, there is no msp and frankly most marginal farmers sell out of mandis only.
I'm indian with few of my family farmers.. Now leme tell you the news is seriously wrong and biased. Many farmer think nothing of the law and most thinks its a good thing.. Few in 2 states dont like it. Now you know..
I think godi media should learn how to do reporting from u....
Me too son of farmers can understand whole scenario 
18:05 - Couple of points. 1) If contract done for 2000, company can't arbitrarily reduce price afterwards and have to honor it as per the rule. 2) If company offers contract price of 500 (down from 2000) for next contract, why the presenter says that the farmer doesn't have a choice? The farmer is still free to contract with someone else offering higher price OR he/she may choose to cultivate whatever and sell it in APMC at MSP price - as that structure is still present.
Grain in Punjab Haryana MSP RS 1950 why its Rs 950 in Madhya 
Shame on lawmakers of India who dont keep in mind the needs of the people but on the contrary support and please the rich private corporates ....whats the use sitting and watching the republic day parade with pride when these kind of violent protests are happening on the periphery of the celebrations....shame on modi govt and the higher authorities....
They are not arguing on the Laws which was most awaited and is good for people and farmers in general. 
Please don't trust him as a farmer he deceive u as a politician..... Illogical views..
YES TODAY IS LOST OF GOVT , win of OPPOSITION and DEATH OF SMALL FARMER
0:10 he is not even a farmer....
Please provide actual data of MSP of every state .sothat it should be clear why all the farmers are not protesting.
Government!.please support poor farmers.
good job...well explained...explaining n persuation is the key..n I do not see why farmers will not agree..
Where is video of farmers crushed to death by ministers car FIRST SHAME ON UR CHANNEL
Down with black farm bills...don't sell India to capitalists
after being hit by police and army .....farmers still fed langar to  hungry police and army  
This is sad! I have lost all faith in this protest now. It seems true that these are not even farmers, they dont even seem to be real sikhs to me. What a shame.
From today onwards any news of farmers sucide will not pain me.They themselves are responsible for that.
It is easy to say SORRY  but what to  700 farmers who lost their lives
Did Modi pull back from the farm law made some andh bhakts eye open? I hope so
Black day only for broker mandi walas. Real farmers are happy with the bill
Those who support these protect first study farm law before commenting or supporting any side.  No one open eye last 70 year when farmers doing mass sucides because there is no reform. Now reform is here ? Why protect?
"the government's intent is not to hurt farmers and that stronger incomes can be achieved through more competition as well as by implementing MSPs."
Shame on Zee TV. Few days back, you were showing that the broders are empty now. To defame the leaders, you are showing now that farmers are on roads in rains etc. Where were you earlier?
Major success for big farmers (which really r not farmers) and a  big failure for Govt..and their dream tO implement these reforms.
If farmers can sell directly and farmers are given freedom, then that means the people who are protesting are the middleman or the agents.. then all this protests is for this agents or middleman in the name of farmers, as it's easy to gain sympathy over farmers name
Chalo zee news ne inhe kisan to mana
Zee news desh priy hai ya bjp priy 
Thanks to supporting farmers
Tikait ji is the crown of real India.
I'm a farmer I am agery to Modi. We are with Modi ji. 
Farmers Bill's totally Rong ha , we read.... so sad farmers last  nine  months se andolan main ha.... We request to  bharti Sarkaar Desh ke KISSAN ke ahwaaz sune... bills cancel kare.... thanks
Congratulation for The victory of every farmers in the India.
1) Allow FCI to engage in contract farming. The current MSP as set by the Govt is higher than the International market price but what makes even higher is the taxes and commissions paid in Mandis which does not go to farmers. By bypassing Mandis and allowing direct procurement by FCI markets prices can be streamlined without hurting farmer incomes. FCI is an arm of Govt of India.
What a beautiful piece of work, I am in tears but also happy to see human spirit prevail and farmers push through adversity. Thanks 
Proud to be a punjabi and a farmer 
God will make justice and will punish to dirty politician and dirty peoples. Rakesh Tiket ji  jindabad
Farmers make your own army to fight with Amit shah s mafia ..
First of all whole Punjab is around 20 million .250 million is more than uttar pradesh.come on bro.first show right map idiots.then do some research no mandi guarantee MSP.it is the government who buys in MSP.my dad is a farmer those who r protesting are some thousand and they r mandimens or brokers.farmers are supporting the laws.do some research bro...... 
This situation is not being clearly represented on the media. The agriculture laws are actually helpful to farmers from poorer parts of the country
Victory to the farmers struggle. 
Today Mr Gupta got chance of targetting everything at Modi Government. I mean this episode could have been stayed at farm laws but how come he miss this chance of pulling out dead bodies from graves
           Farmers also got trapped in Modi's jumla.  He also got upset in the same way.  The way citizens across the country are troubled in the future.
I Stand With the Farmers! It's high time that we as citizens stand up against this fascist regime and question this government for filling the pockets of the so called industrialists.
The protest isnt violent. The police were violent so farmers defended themselves!
First let the laws apply, they might be better for farmers , they want change but don't wanna Change
NAMAN for 700+ sacrifice of farmers.
Farmers are not so smart but they have honest, experienced leaders + history
Farmer win this battle
Aare sir abhi election ka time hai... Isliye sarkar busy h parchaar mai...
Please support farmers please support farmers please please support farmers OR ELSE IT WILL BE TOO LATE
every country people need to stand behind  there farmers.
I pity the farmers they dont even have rights over their own agricultural products 
Sir good analysis.  It is badly introduced , good laws.  Politics killed the laws in the name of ambani n Adani. Pl suggest how these laws can be modified to help the farmers.  Let the farmers be benefitted at the end.  This MSP is helpful only to punjab n haryana kasaan. Hence entire india did not support. Highly funded agitation , so it could last longer.
I feel bad for those farmers 
Could you interview farmers from other states (like Maharashtra, Andhra, etc) 
I've been supporting the farmers from the beginning , but farmers should ask sorry for hoisting their flag instead of Indian flag at Red fort
Punjab and Haryana ka desertification, msp guarantee se tax ki or mar jhelegi middle class, fir khege ye inflation itni kyo bdh rhi hai, yar democracy se to bharosa uth chuka hai
Think about the Pakistanis who are no match to India in Space, IT industry, Pharmaceutical Industry, Sports, Female representation, Economy & Film industry,etc.
Thanks so much! I hope someone in the farmer's agitation can point this to a common person. Right now they are fighting for majority of the population. Time for everyone else to use their voice!
Please support the farmers
Salute the Farmer
God bless all protest in support of farmers, govt should end it's cruelty , towards who question the govt ,
Awesome leadership by Punjab farmers, puri bulandi se awaz rakhi, kudos to them. Full support to farmers, if rural India will prosper than that will also have positive cascading effect on urban India.
Farmers are turning out to be the doom of the Modi government.
Thank you so much Farmers of our country, for not losing your dignity and self respect...
26 January      Tractor rally       .    permission   |          ,      SSR     3   ,   ...   ? Modi ji   photo          ....?
Whatever discussion people do about it. Bottom line is that Modi had done it for election only.
Read a newspaper . You'll actually know more than what Indian or foreign media will tell you.
Farmers r protesting just on the basis of forecasts or assumptions like ' this may happen or that may happen '. However farmers r free to sell their crops anywhere, if they think that dealing with corporates will lead to extinction of mandi system than they should stick to old system that is selling their crops in mandi.
 Their demands for recognition of MSP as statutory right, whittling down of the The Commission for Air Quality Management in National Capital Region and Adjoining Areas Ordinance 2020 and withdrawal of cases on farmers seems unreasonable and naive for following reasons-
First India is right now setting things right in its kashmir and north east. It's important we must have welfare there. Should we do spade for a spade with Taliban's now and complicate our problems? Or play safe game? Our enemy is those who challenge our borders. Our enemy is those who challenge our national security.
Takait misguiding the farmers  !!  3 Law's are in favour of farmers.
I appreciate this act of PM MODI for taking back farm laws I am thankful to MODIJI. But he should have long time ago because many of our farmers and innocent people died during agitation. And no wonder why he took this decision because of upcoming UP and PUNJAB elections and to get vote. 
I wish I had could have joined this protest. As a citizen of India, also a tribal Christian whose grandfather was a farmer, I am also on the side of farmers.
If anyone says otherwise can you please give me the reason why new FARM BILLS are bad for us farmers ?? 
Why is the Government not doing away with the new laws where farmers are against it ??
U r lier .....ur shameless...don't you see for how long they are protesting... ever y single farmers n other intellectual are fool accept ur government n ur party...u made this a matter of pride ..that's it . others wise u shd hv taken back this law
Feeling sad for Rakesh Tikait and Andolan Jeevi Yogendra Yadav political ambitions now
Zeenews renamed as bjpnews
Nicely explained sir, just that I have a doubt that if in case a farmer due to any reason ruins his yield, then who is going to help it? The one who has given him the order? Or big giants like Macd?
It's quite surprising that his son is still alive if he was at the spot ....8 people died 4 farmer + 4 others .......Hope justice prevails to all.
Really good work... godi media never show this kind of reality.
Encounter rakesh tikait problem solved. We never ever support these broker middleman mandi walas
Congratulations to Cong leaders, for bringing the issue of the farmers death in lakshmipur to the President. Let's hope good wisdom prevail. 
Khan sir is the unique in the world that's I can say that khan is the best thanks so much for explain about farmers law.
Good Job Farmers!
#IndiansSupportFarmBills
Totally agree with Sandeep Ji that this is a political decision to make Capt. Amarinder Singh Ji's positions strong in upcoming Punjab assembly elections but also totally agree with PM Modi Ji reason behind this of national interest or national security as in making this decision would have several benefits - 1. So called Kisan Andolan and Andolanjeevis will become weaker and for what cause they would continue their andolan as thought they might not end it but reasoning behind it has already been finished now by PM big decision, 2. Opposition went flat on the floor, they are thinking of new toolkits now, 3. Amarinder chances to win Punjab election become stronger and now he can openly collide with BJP, 4. Capt Ji might not have favourable image in many people but one thing could say about him is that he is a nationalist and winning a border state like Punjab and having a CM with support of the center party would surely increase more security guards to the state and the BHARAT, 5. Big questions - what will happen to small 95% farmers for whose benefits these laws were made and another questions is now laws will be made or changed by street power ? Well, it's back to status quo of before the laws were made that was there for all this time from so called freedom but this decision has been made for long term benefits today laws are getting repealed tomorrow stronger laws will be made with more support, one must not forget that the person who started this andolan was Capt Ji and it's mainly from Punjab state so now he's in your side would change lots of things in near future, about second question about street power to make or change laws well 95% people can do that too to not support this decision of PM Modi to repeal the laws, who's stopping majority nationalist public of this country to come on streets, if they are really angry they can come on the streets.
Well violence cannot be justified in any way I supported farmers but the nation can't except violence
And general Dyer shot at people lathi charge is something usual ,happened a million times in Congress times too plus Congress can't talk about brutality if they didn't forget period of emergency under Indra Gandhi , operation blue star or the shooting of farmers at a protest in 1998
Compensate 1 crore to each farmer
Vice you didn't show the pics of  'farmers' attacking police with sword??????
People saying they are not peacefully protesting. There have been nine rounds of talks between farmers and central government. You cant expect every single farmer to protest peacefully theyll lose their patience at some point. While look at that one man who rescued that police personnel. Shame on central government who still wants to talk. Just repeal those laws whats the big deal!
wrt pt 14. Chapter 2 and pt 19. Chapter 4 (Bar of jurisdiction of Civ court) of THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT ON PRICE ASSURANCE AND FARM SERVICES ACT, 2020
Don't agree with AIM's analysis. Agriculture is a state subject. BJP states will slowly start implementing the farm laws in their states.
2017 rinda kabbu beledu maridru innu bill agilla sir.innu corporate ge sikre formers India dalli 65 percent rinda 35percent agutte.britisharu Indian army ge 8ralli 1 bhaga salary.
7. The foreign punjab seperatist/secissionist group sikh for justice announced 1 millon dollars as donation and indian banks stoped the
Govt is responsible for this. Farmers are fighting for the benefit Indians except few rich.
Narendra modi and farmers are doing great jobs in this nation. These foolish people are responsible for all these activities.
History will celebrate bravery of these farmers.
The bills were wrong & were anti - farmers.
it's not about Indian gov it's about ideology India has relation with Israel but still Muslim appose them foreign relations are about own country interest our interest in Afghanistan that's why we are talking with them not for that Taliban is good Taliban is terrorist but still Indian Muslims supporting them and saying shemllessy than India gov supporting taliban
So for him BJP is more important than Country. I had supported this law now I am disappointed that for the fear of loosing election he sacrificed what is good for country.
One more you missed, PM said that old method is not going to abrogate. This method is just an option for farmers. And also MSP will not stopped. After PM's said these I think this is best thing for farmers that they had 2 options for crops. Farmers thinking that APMC and MSP will abrogated but PM said in LokSabha that old method will be continued this is just an option.
*Farmers of Punjab
6) Farmers were to become self-reliant?
Yogiji have to do something in this issue.
You can't explain to So Called Farmers. This Protest was never about Farm Laws.
i think repeal is not the right choice but review  and some changes if needed some more laws to regulate private companies so that they wont misuse their power . i think that would be better by discussing these with the farmers union , please dont make such useful laws like this go to waste as this has the potential  to  improve farmers life much times better
Our media calling farmer's the misguided  and terrorist ... Sad reality
Every govt organization that was supposed to help people had become a mafiadom, not only APMC. If it is so easy to make APMC work in an orderly manner then why in 55 years has it only been degrading through multiple govts? I have seen how the farmers suffer because of this. If anybody dares to take his/her produce directly to the market he/she is quickly brought under control through threats.
5 farmers died along with journalistic values.
That's what democracy means. That's how a protest should work. Their honesty, their unity, that's indian farmers. Rab is there!
How the poor farmer manage transportation cost .
This will be the negative point for farmers.
Sadly still some pro modi bhakts are going to support that egoistic, selfish, control freek and of all greedy man.....sad that nothing has happened in those farmer's favor....I know exactly where this country is leading and thanks to these blind people who chose not to see the wrong in the govt. But being an opportunist and supporting it
All farmer killed by police , who will do Agriculture in future
While State and center elections are happening I think while people are casting their vote , they should have options YES/NO related to State and Center rules that state is trying to impose on State and Center is proposing country and to pass any bill (State or Center) 50% should be considered from people of India and 50% from the elected representatives MLA/MP , this way we can consider direct input of republic of india and issues like farmers bills and Article 370 and some of the state levels bills can be handled better. Also All Parties should think of their bills and proposals part of their agenda ahead of time and stick to it  unless some emergency situations like natural disaster and COVID-19 related situation arrives for which we may not be able to plan before election. , juts an idea !
Yogi ji will need to take strict action here.
Thanks a lot. Finally i understand what exactly is the farmer's bill. Greatly explained positive and negative aspects.
we have to defeat modi. bengal and punjab show the way
Those who hoisted flags on Redfort yestday were the same team Campaigned for Bjp in Loksabha elections for Sunny Deol.
Stay strong Indian Farmers... You are keeping our democracy alive.. The bills were passed without discussion during the lockdown and in pandemic crisis hurriedly without consulting with any one.
There's APMC ACT  ( Mandi's ) in Punjab and Haryana Given by then Central Govt after the agitation of sir chotu ram ( Kisan leader of undivided Punjab )
Mostly r congress workers in the name of farmers.. well betten... They hav no rights to block an importent NH.. congress sud work well in their state.. so that people vote them..
Police throwing stones at farmers??
India Will be Save By a farmer's
"Artiyas are friends of the farmer and do not exploit them" amazing research.
Now just a side note, I am not a farmer neither belongs to a farming family and therefore I am not qualified to judge anything but as a student in economics, I can certainly give a macro economic analysis of the overall situation. It might be long but if you have time, please read this out.
In india UAPA for taliban
I am an indian and a son of farmer also..I am totally against Farmer protest
Support to farmer movement!! You deserve this victory!!
Whole India supports farmers only .............I m sure they will win ! ......jai hind ...........& Jai Jawan jai Kisan ! 
Ye bill Farmers ko mediator mafia se bachata he.. Farmers will get advantage frm this bill
The farmers failed to understand good laws... but when such laws are rushed ... they are bound to fail.   If BJP had asked Gandhi's Party to propose the Bill as their manifesto idea, that BJP will support as Govt, giving them credit for their idea and passed as Oppositions Bill with BJP's amendments. 
Protest is right of everyone but my dear and lovely farmers please take care of yourself 
He does not know his property!! 80 crore ...wah Indian Kisan !!
farmers go home make india great again
1) the Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Act, 2020;
India truly reflect in its villages and in its ordinary people. Those rulers who does not understand this will pay a great price.
But still , rakesh tikait farmer's don't go to their homes . They still have some unfinished business.
Cost of inputs are decided by govt and sale price is also decided by buyer. This has made farmer a mere machine. If they are saying atleast give a justifiable price then what is wrong in that.
.... Farmers !!!! Even modiji can't help if you are not capable of helping yourselves.....
A true indian understand how farmers are fight for right thing they fight for us. Only social media show wrong thing against farmers just go that place and see the reality don't judge by social media.
Thank you Mr Parkash n thank you Mr Ravi. It is the first time when I could understand clearly The Taliban.  Love from Pakistan.
Modiji is the great the greatest the great work...Priyanka Jo sochati kabhi pura nahi hoga...
1.Why Modi govt has not given provision to farmers to go to court in case of dispute??? And farmers cannot file case in court against any official involved(SDM + bureaucrats)??
It is not farmer these are Terrorists  it is correct or not?
There is no corruption in Punjab and haryana against farmers....
Jo tod fod kr the the wo bjp k paid protesters the .modi u should resign now . U are just prime minister  not dictator or king who make his own rules or laws.
Still supporting the bill. Not Indian farmers just Punjab political activist not farmer.
Solid video to understand the current protest by farmers. Great job newslaundry
Respect the farmers!
This is not the first time we have seen UP police behaving the way they do. Absolutely ridiculous. But the state government doesn't have any time too look into this matter. They only have time to train their children how to crush the farmers demanding what they deserve
Resigned after supporting the bill .Government of the liars who gave 15 lacs and 2crores appointments letters to unemployed every year.Shame on liars and their foolishes supporters.
Stop adaniaisation and ambaniaisation of india.why this govmt destroying India by introducing such cruel bills and only concerned about gober kangana's matters.
Sir aap bengal chale gaye the election ke time ek bar Ghazipur border pe bhi aa jate to shayd farmers protest khatm kr dete...
India needs Farmers NOT Politicians
Farmer does not pay in APMC tax it's consumer pay tax .please correct it ...
supported the same reforms in the past. Now all oppositon parties change their stand and making farmers scape goat.
What is really wrong with it. Supposed to be really good for the farmers. Even North America and other countries are following the same......
It hurts, I'm literally crying right now. And the farmers are doing their best they can, great work by the scoopwhoop team especially Samdish and Parth. Lots of respect to you all.
These are r farmers my foot.... Hardly 30%....
One day will come kejriwal Will be the PM of India  . PM Modi is Only a boosting personality
Support farmers because this is the time when they really need it
Sir, this creates a doubtful situation, if again any massive protest start govt will  take its step back, this step give people strength to do the same for other laws, these protests done by punjab and haryana farmers what about those farmers who are in support of this law they suffer before this law and they are going to suffer after this step. Farmers of Bihar UP MP and other state are not rich like punjab and haryana farmers, many farmers of Bihar left their farming and start doing day labour work in other state, neither the state govt of Bihar do any betterment of the state nor central govt look into this matter.
Well said, stumble burning who germinated this idea n fines thereof. Rather law should have looked framed in a way dissuading in nature to farmers from routine,  incentivised to move 2 other corps. ThankU sir quite informative. Hope all come together n realise d necessity n need for a workable solution n V all prosper together as a Nation ! 
I do think the govt should look at the loop holes,the legal framework would end up favouring the corporates.the farmer cannot go to court for years
WOW.. so many farmers in Comment section...
I don't understand what's the problem means the rule says that if farmer wants he can sell his produce without any broker . U know farmers get just 2 rs for tomato's which we get at 40 so eliminating the broker is an amazing step so why are these men resenting it and the truth is that all of these men are dalals or brokers or the little number of farmers in there are either brainwashed or are the once who are relatives of mps or higher commission officio who take all advantage of government schemes
Now the laws are gone, hope the farmers get their MSP. and govt take effort to make a fair law for consumers and farmers.
Farmers must withdraw only after:
This Rajesh tikait is not a farmer, it is a madman
A very superficial statement on Farm Bills
Always support farmers in the India.
For once show some real news .kisan ekta zindabad .
We r with d farmers
Winning election is different than running the government. The COVID response and recent mess in farm law indicate the limitation of Modi-Shah government ability. Right now, people are ready to give them benefit of doubt and move on. But repetitions of this type of problem will only weaken their ability to win elections after elections. At some point of time, I believe in near future, people will equate NDA with UPA, both as ineffective incompetent governments.
The state of the farmers in our country is heartbreaking , and the governments actions  are disgraceful .
Laws have been made in psrluament and they are supposed to do it,but they did not discuss it with farmers unions,passed the bill without discussion with political psrties,cabinet committes and then passed it hurriedly during Covid. Speaker dud nit fillow the procedure. So dont ask stupid questions.
He form law, ppl did protest, so many loss there lives, then after many of days he step back of decision...... This shows of immature decision making... Stop nonsense, first take opinion of all ppl tell them about good things of your laws then do some big steps , if he did this before so many farmers were still alive today.....
If it was not planned then what's the need of talwar and latti's and from where did thier appear and what's the point on removing indian flag and hosting jai Khalistan flag so are farmers great then the nation itself ..? 
BBC will always support their masters who give tham advertisement .... Foreign Companys .....Sold media ..we understand everything
Farmers suffer nation suffer
That farmer died with heart attack not because of lathicharge.... They are making common public life hell ..
4. Biggest change in new bill is that, any farmer can now sell anything to any buyer. Legalised *monopoly cannot stand* according to new bill.
Thank you for supporting farmers.
This is how modi govt. Is transforming India 
Sharing  bag .farmers protest these are all politically motivated and supported .
Farmers Bills will not be taken back.
Yaar simple si baat hai the farmers should demand their respective State governments to do away with taxes levied on APMC transactions... This will put APMC on a fair play ground 
May be you can explain farmer bill more so that everyone can understand.
India mein election jeetne ke liye log kuch bhi kar sakte hai. This is the best example.. Winning elections is the only objective!
We stand with the farmers
 We stand with farmers protest 
We want farm bill back . How long will farmers  in India will remain under poverty and cruel old regressive system .Every sector of India has reformed but agriculture sector Has not seen a single ray of reform !!!!
This farmers agitation will be remembered in the hundreds of years ahead. Congratulations to our farmers. Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan.
God bless you and your family  daughter love you soo much regards FROM THE farmer KARNAL Haryana great personality of happiness and love God bless you dheea laado rani
I. support farmers 
These reforms in farm bills are good for farmers
I m saying the same thing to every farmers of west bengal from the very beginning..bt they are not understanding... media houses and political leaders are the ultimate villain of our country.. Govt will never implement Minimum support price.. and they will never set a control over retail price to stop monopoly.. sometimes i feel so helpless.. People don't trust us.. people do trust only on MP, MLA, Prodan and political leaders.
Some ppl have different agendas they want to create a civil war in our India don't support them. The bill have its own flaws but those flaws can be fixed.
Do you think Private companies will buy crops at fair cost? They will try to buy farmers crops at low prices and might reject to buy it all. Farmers will be destroyed by the private companies badly. Let's support farmers who are feeding us all.
Bas ek do decades kii baat hai punjab will die on its own thanks to its demography & reliance on dying farming sector, the last screech of a dying state
So you proud  to  modi asking sorry to farmers  come forward  himself  for farmers, and he should be win  UP
Ye sala congress ko farm bill lao to bhi problem aur bill hatao to bhi problem, ye salo ko India se hi problem hai 
Farmers are right on their place
This guy was gona bum the farmers and you fools for it 
This wt is called greatest democracy shame on this policeman lakh lanat i think farmer is in the age of his father
EXCELLENT RAKESH TIKAIT
If you ask anyone who supports this protest then they'll say the new laws will create an existential crisis for the poorest of the poor farmers. But when you point out that these "protesters" can be seen driving a freakin G-wagon, then they'll say: So you believe farmers cannot be rich?
I am with these farmers
Support to the ndian farmers 
Yesterday it was mundi raj... tomorrow will it be private raj... i remember this agreement price raj for sugarcane where sugar factories owners used to set the price upfront and farmers used to fail to sell their sugarcane anywhere else
Yet Law was very revolutionary some flaws were there why they repealed it instead they could have added msp protection in contract farming law and modified some other provision that was what farmers were protesting. Yet again they did a blunder and will pose blame on farmers. True that some protester were not Farmers but the causes were genuine we can see how jio Flipkart Amazon killed competition this would have happened with farmers in contract farming laws . The protection was needed which was msp but alas!!!!
This not only affects farmers, it also affects consumers since the corporates decide price of each commodity.
India ki hawa tight hi bhai. Now China try to dominate to make partnership with talibsn with the help Pakistan. Ye to shrmnak hi. America wale 20 saal nikaal diye  football khelne mi
Sorry to say but you have no knowledge about farmer bills. Have you ever visited a mandi . Have you ever been at an auction at a mandi.Its not about congress its about us farmers.
We are with our nation's farmers, as they are the core of the country.
Bill is good for farmer
Licensed middlemen are such saints! They have always worked and nothing but for the welfare of the ppl. They have never arm twisted farmers to anything. We don't need no reforms. Also, this reform has been discussed and in contention for more than 10 years. Should have atleast been discussed 10 more years before its implementation.
For me it's just a PR stunt. Like they did during the Republic Day, call "protestors" from outside to defame the farmer unions.  Mark my words!
Human  rights for Indian Farmers !
Now every farmer in Punjab will become millionaire. Including farm labor. Wow big win for bigotry communal riotiest.
1.4 million people are well aware of the new farming laws and farmer protests thanks to this video. Hopefully it wont stop here
Instead of your dramatics you should have concluded how exactly the farmers are affected. With an live example.
Mam yeh bhi cover krlo ki kis tarah se red fort pr police ki band bjayi tum kaho toh link share karu... dalantop I oppose farmer bill but I also support the real Patriots not such fake farmers
Jhukti hain sarkaren jhukane wala chahiye. Long live kissan andolan. Hats off to agitating farmers of Punjab, Haryana and Western Uttar Pradesh.
Hats of too all farmers and supporters 
Then why did Sadhguru said , It will be economically beneficial for the farmers ? Actually, I have not yet found him wrong at anything .
Modi (thinking about up election)- for the betterment of farmers... 
No Indian support this kind of protest this is no time to do so this farmers are like poking own eye.
Why Trudeau so engaged about India. He should solve his own problems. India is fast changing in agriculture industries so giving opportunaties to farmers to be more industrialised. They are a lot of other countries with human rights violation   issues and Canada keeping quiet, go and stand fight for them.
All hail farmers 
You talk about green revolution, at that time white revolution also come into exist but there is no MSP then also farmer is getting benefit. All essential commodities cost not control by government then why only on rice and wheat. If you think politically then you are not know about the farms law completely.
GREAT MODIJI GREAT MODIJI GREAT MODIJI GREAT MODIJI GREAT MODIJI 
19 November 2021, time:12:47 am,farm laws repealed still No reaction from Trevor Noah, today's date 21 November 2021, time:4:40pm.
Chitra g, don't like act as Godi Media, plz work as Ajit Anjuman, the real journalist
(a)Farmers (b) Bharat (c)Opposition party (d)Dividend if any to be garnered in the coming UP and Punjab election (e) His Modiness gilding his image away from a mere politician to a statesman?
Support farmers who grow food for mankind not the politicians who eat human flesh
With the first bill , the farmers can sell their produce beyond the local markets  inter states. But why haven't u mentioned the condition  that comes with this bill??? Only those who have the PAN cards ; in short who pay goods & services tax (GST) wud be allowed to sell their produce outside the state , if not they can't . Only the large richie rich farmers wud benefit from this bill  marginal, medium farmers and tenant farmers will not. Better mention all the aspects !
Very deeply & clearly defined,,great work ,I am a farmer from punjab,it's reality at ground,
So...... Arnab you mean to say BJP is afraid on view of the next elections....... or not confident of farm laws!
why does gov need to bend down to congress sponsored punjab farmer protests.
Shameful bjp modi
Bjp might have been in loss but the opposition is in greater loss. Abh election k liye ek bada mudda out of syllabus hogya. LOL
I think With few basic amendment farm bill will become favorable for farmer  few are my personal addition. 
It was only hope for small farmers.
Best still Repeat Farm Bills three rules famers equal human India.. Modi control.. 
Bro you forget about RSS members how were in fake police dresses police supporting RSS members and Police killed a farmer .farmer arrested for no reason police firing on farmers. You pointed out only farmers mistakes and i agree with it but you should also tell what police did and no farmer had weapon. Only nihang singhs had weapons they came to protect the farmers from police
Reservation required basis on no of farmers in each state on FCI budget allocation strictly 
Great brother  atleast we can that we are proud to call ourself Indians as we hide in our homes n just pass our words from one another rather helping those who full our stomachs our Indian's saying goes as jai kisan right where is it now? I know they might have done some violence but do u think staying on roads for months for their rights n our good keeps u calm!? Be on road for a month in cold weathers asking the government to listen to them n in return no one listens to them not even a single action has been taken that's greatness of our leaders who we vote I'm proud of this India 
Shame on yogi and Bjp government....this is Dictatorship  our judiciary is dead  #farmersprotest
Pardhan , this is Haryana and Punjab, here from a born baby to dying old man , knows how to fight for their rights.
A repressive administration is showing its vain might. The Central administration has not been able to make any headway in their negotiations with farmers. How is the minister for agriculture retaining his Kursi. His Blessings come from where ??? Why is this indifferent government not able to negotiate with simple rustic farmers. It's very easy to give them a Class like Khalistani, Talibani, Pakistani , Afghanistani, Rohingyas etcetera. Solve the nine month long farmer's agitation by withdrawing those unwanted three farm Ordnances. Can the government of the day do this or not without the Adani corporate permission??
What a qualitative news. Media must have to learn from NDTV, Ravish kumar. 
Kick out fake farmers....
Bad day for India and farmer
Go Indian farmers!!Eliminate the racial class for your human rights!!
Sudhir or zee news buy by  modi government
Neither useful for farmers nor customers. Jus a corporate look for middle man system. Thats it.
Now they would force protesting farmers to go back home. And if they continue to stay until new laws like mandatory MSP aren't approved. Then they make a scene that "these" farmers are against Modi or what not, to make his image as a good person. 
our aim is not to make khalistan our aim is stop nation from becoming modistan 
In my opinion, Market should be further liberalized and the requirement of trade licensing should be abolished. But at the same time, the government should employ economists to fix a minimum rate and a maximum rate at which farmers and companies could transact if both sides don't agree on a price outside that range.
I Stand With Farmer's
Congratulations to my farmers 
One suggestion for Govt that buying under MSP is creating lot many problems like storage and wastage.   One can think of giving difference amount as cash subsidy to farmers without actually buying agri products.  This will save on cost of storage,  huge Govt machinery, destruction of grains etc.  We definitely need reforms in this sector.
Protesting Farmers with tractors are very rich and they have no sympathy from Indians.  They are getting free donations by opposition.  These Farmers are super rich and they are not poor.
Wow... Some 80-90k terrorists threatening India
Samdish is pure GEM  by heart & Thanks for showing true side of our FARMERS
Farmers are feeling insucurities that's the problem and opposition parties are misguiding our farmers and taking advantage of it.
Acha toh jab farmers peaceful protest kr rhe the to sarkar ne assu gas ke gole or water guns chlayi or bariketing ki or yeh democracy ke khilaf tha tab tum log nhi bole or ab jab farmers ko fir se roka to kya farmer nhi ldega.
It will be bad for common people also, as they big corporations will buy cheap, from farmers and then stock up on the grains and sell very expensive to common people
So farm bill was good... ... I thought it was bad
The ordinance for this bill was already there for past 6 months, this guy completely overlooked the hyperbole from the opposition politicians (death warrant of farmers, black laws etc etc) while talking about Kangana's equally idiotic terrorist barbs at the same time. Not so balanced as you claim yourself to be. 
Only guaranteed law on MSP can change the lives of farmers
The narrative that this is an anti-national, anti-india, pro-khalistani protest is sooo false and couldn't be further from the truth. There wasn't a single khalistan flag at the protest. There were only Tiranga flags, nishan sahib flags, and farmers flags. The Nishan sahib flag and farmers flag was raised on an EMPTY flag pole. No tiranga flag was taken down and it remained as the highest flying flag at the Lal qila throughout the duration of the protest.
Modi government supporting the so called  Khalistani people  ..
The mediya always support bjp y talk middle thattu Channel
Modi ji elite employee to Adani failed to serve or to make farmer slaves.
Today RICH farmers won over POOR farmers.
Again making fool to our naive farmers with his lies
Only NDTV in India is focusing on the farmers issue but the tamil medias and other regiona media are keeping very quiet on this issue
Bcz most of the people who are explaining this matter are biased and have no idea about the real situations of farmers. 
No mohak there are farmers from West up , Rajasthan ,Bihar and also from other states
Big fall back for Indian Farmers.
The irony is the countries from which these protesters are protesting from(US,UK,Canada) are the ones who are opposing (in WTO) the subsidies given to farmers. Trudeau and some British MP's(colonialists) are the ones who are opposing India in WTO. The protesters should also look towards these govt's too.
Haa.....to all those bjp supporter farmers hu thought it was 'their' govt.
These rioters are not kisan...real kisan is busy in farming it's field..but they are those politicians or their agents who want to come in politics...
Farmers we support you 
Public has understood the anti social, antiipoor, anti farmers and Pro capitalists communal agenda of BJP
Very nicely explained... people more importantly from Panjab & Haryana must understand that this new law is in favour of them or any genuine farmer in the whole nation.
NDTV request you to report Farmers from rest of India... Stop the Political Agenda for upcoming elections....Come and show where is protest going on in South India...??
ye modi pagal ho gaya hai,full support to farmers
Farmers: Demands the government to roll back the ordinances. 
@think school : I appreciate the way you have explained it. However, to change the dynamics in any sector, it is important we take steps every time required. The strategy you explained the big companies will follow is true, but that is the way how market works. Now, the bills are proposed with a very good intention and it will fetch farmers great relief and earnings for sure. It may become a problem in the 4th phase of control , then the way out is you change the law again to something more feasible and practical, tha's how we will grow right, we learn on the fly and make it better the next time we implement it. But just sitting and doing nothing will surely not help in any way. We should support the government if they are taking good steps. However, making MSP legal is something i also support. But other than that it looks like a big - positive step for the farmers.
Indian farmers are in much better shape and after the law it will only get better for farmers and businesses
Strictly No  for the Tractor Rally..
Im farmer and Im happy with kishan bill , jay hind 
Slap in the face of BJP supporters that claim Modi is visionary or decisive,he just cares about the brand of the party and not about policy
Agr ye Bill galat h too.. Mujhe Lgta hai ki opposition party ko khus hona chahiye bjp khud glti krr rhi or aane wale election m public khud bjp k hara degi...
These laws force farmers to sell their land.... To sign a contract for appx 15 years with private sector on predicided low price... There is also one law to discard existing essential commodities act which will cause inflation price hike for essential crops like wheat and rise.. also now stock limit is removed for corparates so that they can stock crops and increase the price... Also now they don't have mandi the place where they can sell appx near to 5 kms of their land now they have to sell across states and nobody gonna pay for transportation also they will not be given a fix price can go below msp.... Moreover contractor can take loan on farmers land... If they fail to pay farmer will have to pay the loan or else their land will be auctioned
Great sir..  Aap kisano ke liye fight kro.. All Indians are with you ..salute you
Watching all these scenarios, I think this term would be last term for the current government in India. They will never even taste the power now.the police behaving like Rowdies and Hooligans while their job is to serve the public. The police should also think that these farmers are their countrymen and the producers of the food that we eat.. These farmers should be treated like heroes of our country and the five year guests should be ignored.
Who will prosecute Teni's son who killed innocent farmers
Also I'm a farmer and I am always with him
The soil of Afghanistan was used against the twin towers. Pakistan had to pay higher price than Afghanistan. What was the fault of Pakistan?
India stands with farmers 
Modiji you might be able to win the elections now.... But you lost my faith
May be states where farmers agree should bring their own law ending apmc like in Bihar... should have exempted punjab and haryana from the act if they have so much problem...atleast other states would not have been affected.
Just because farmers of Punjab are against it and there is election in up
PM Modi crafted the Farm Loot Bills, in consultations with Ambani and Adani.
Farmers won the match 
Election formula, socho kitne din kisan batke fir aaj suddenly vapas,
Have you seen the ostensible protesters? Do they resemble farmers in any way? They act like thugs; a farmer would not block a road for a year. If the farmer had not worked for three months, let alone a year, he or she would have gone insane. A farmer is someone who adores his land. These strikers have never set foot on Earth. 
Need a similar workers' movement in Pakistan, but our big bad wolf is the military corporation. Just look up Okara military farms, where military has occupied farming land and the local farmers have been fighting their own fight without any help from anyone and a country wide media blackout
if farmers dont want to improve their situatio n just because of cheap politics then no one can do anything
Farmer's = Shameless!!
Modiji is a super man no ego simple gentle man he has not won nor lost india will not this type of gentleman dt harness him but support him in his governess lucky india to get gentleman
Beautiful video. The satisfactory smiling faces of our farmers make me smile too. Tremendous tolerance level they had been showing since last year. Go back to your homes and wish you a healthy happy life...so proud of you all...you have shown the world if there is courage and determination then everything is achievable.
Terror ambani adani police beating Indian farmers. Shame on tadipar home minister
So basically the rich farmers are worried that the poor farmers will start earning and take their piece of cake and so protesting?
i hope this farmers get justice 
On studying government farmer relationship, this bill is kinda good. Earlier gov acted like a possessive boyfriend, Kisan sabb mera hai... relaxation in a way good in promoting, building front and back linkages and promote entrepreneurship in agriculture.
Rip 800 farmers life 
It's not sufficient for the Apex court to be unsparing on the conveyance disturbance caused by the farmer's agitation.
True ... so well said....i support farm bills ... its just so sad they playing with farmers to gain political stand ... just so low
People must b join with farmers.. Unity is the strength
Modiji ku moor ku khilaneka waqt miljata lekin kisaan ke dukh aur aanusu pohunchneke liye nai milta. I say with the kind of reaction towards people's problem and sorrows MR Modi should resign first. Introspect Mr. MODI
Many of these punjabi and Haryanvi farmers are landlords. They employ labourers to do the work and pays them peanuts while they receive huge subsidies from government.
Great Explanation. You should teach farmers these laws (instead some corrupted parties) so they can move to proper protest.
Owaisi you will be openly welcomed in afgan you can go out of India if you dont like to live in India under Modi govt, have you all noticed owaisi is the big fan of Modi.   Owaisi was dead during mumbai terror attack and pulwama attack he will not open his mouth at all during terror attacks now he comes to slams ravi, wat ravi said is the fact.
The government was worried how agri was still in positive in our GDP ......waah Modiji waah
Very informative and educative video.  The presenter is very clear in understanding and expressing it to the viewers in the media.  As some one commented this video should be dubbed in several languages, especially Hindi, so that the farmers can directly relate to their problems and the solutions.  I am only hoping that the corruption and black money doesn't come in to play between the APMC and the farmers.  I hope the Govt. will consider all the loop holes and plug them before the bill becomes a legal way for the supply chain. It is not clear from the video whether the farmer's protest to enforce the MSP (Minimum Support Price) by the Govt. is included in the bill.  Also it is so very difficult to establish the MSP for a particular product for the entire country since the labor in the farming will be so different between state to state.
How were the laws suppose to support the atmanirvar Bharat motto? We have seen examples of similar laws in other developing countries. Developed counties subsidiary provisions for farmers are ok but similar provisions in India is problematic. How ironic is WTO
Its wonderful 2c more ppl hav taken 2the streets in support of the farmers protest 
Is the Sikh community in UK, US & Canada really protesting against the new bill in India or are they actually supporting the idea of creating khalistan? Why the authorities in UK, US & Canada not look into this more closely and find out what their actual agenda is?
Well researched facts as always! One more thing how this farmer protest turned out to be religious one? Are the farmers belong from only a single religion?
I'm literally crying after seeing this kind of  helping nature of people in our country.. every one should support these farmers. This protest is for us.
New update: farmers lost 70 crore this year due to contract farming in nashik. Corporates dint pay the farmers after exporting the goods.
Thousands of farmers IN states like Maharashtra, West Bengal and Orissa take their lives. And farmers from these states don't the access to APMCs and MSP that farmers in Punjab have. Punjabi farmers are the richest in the country, and they have become so under a system that is killing their state's soil. An average farmer from Maharashtra, West Bengal or Orissa cannot afford the tractors like these farmers can. 
It's not Kisan's mistake. It's government mistake that they took decisions but don't preach what exactly the bill is. And therefore the Bicholis and opposition took advantage by giving wrong knowledge to the real Kisan. And as we know that Kisan mostly are uneducated, so they came under the influence of wrong people. Still government have a chance, go and teach them what really the act is. 
Modiji being PM he has asked forgiveness...This jahil  tikket group will not stop until they get focus and election tickets... This is the most expensive agitation with ac, good ghee food, accomodation and the sponsorers do not want to stop this agitation. .... If these people do not leave our court must intervine and kick this rich jahil farmers out out of our delhi border.... It's enough
There are 15 cr farmers are in India and 15 lakh sikh farmer they contribute 0.73% of total farmers. If there is a problem with the bill then y r only minorities are protesting even if sikh farmers are the richest farmer in India what about 10k farmer are committing suicide each year they are saying let them die we won't change if there is already a problem it means we need to do something about it and this is what ruling gov is trying but because a chunk of people protesting [ they are not a protester  they are a parasite of the country]  its basic reaction when m doing something good for 100 people there is always a person who is lazy n don't want to change their ill habits
Farmer's Hope and life destroyed
Massive win for farmers,,,
If these laws were against farmers...it would have been a pan India protest...but it wasn't...it was just in haryana and punjab.. because there are big farmers and pimps here and get msp on grains not entire farmers of India get msp. They make hefty commission...(buy cheap from farmers and sell at high price to retailers)....its a calculative step..to repeal it and it will be implemented in some other way..with new clothes...like the land bill....post elections
Thnks Brother Itta clear Smjhane K Lye  I Support Farmers 
Sir.. what the answer to the analogy of currently Jio finishing the competition and now rising the rates to the future private mandis finish govt mandis and then abusing farmers with rates/quality  and customers too
After all farmers who lost their lives while protesting and  who were in protest continuously,Big Salute to them......Jai Kisan....
Farm Law should be suspended till there is a agreement with the farmers
It is political protest dont call it farmer protest plz.
Modi's arrogance will lead to the downfall of Bjp.Before passing those laws they should have realized it will face heavy backlash as the farmers or middle man who enjoys a monopoly will protest against these laws and slowly khalistanis are also  getting involved in this protest.
After the violence the bills should be taken back so that farmers won't get the benefits from bills 
So true.. our farmers and our policemen .. the outsiders which are the politicians watching the show laughing inside their secure homes.
The Modi government is forced by the US to open up to the farming reforms, backed by big agriculture corps
How do you justify blockade of roads in a Countrys capital ? Are farmers a privileged class in our country? Why they should get everything free but they sell for a price?
BJP is losing trust ... no respect for farmers
It is beyond any understanding, that our Home Minister Amit Shah is putting another pre-condition for talks with the farmers! After so many months of relentless protests of our brave farmers, the government without any positive response till now, how can he put another condition for resuming talks? It is ridiculous from the side of the government to talk like this!
Farmers r doing peacuful protest from starting
Farmers won the match
iss video k dekh ke do shabad keh sakte hai wow and regret. wow for amazing and exceptionally scenic beauty of this parade. and regret for lal killa incident if that incident never happened so this video would be  playing everywhere. kisan majdoor ekta zindabad
Now you guys know who is a terrorist? This video shows the true Khalistan where pure people live regardless of their religion.
Long live our farmers
Great move to set campaign free and safe for BJP candidates and it's supporters in Punjab and UP. Now BJP candidates and it's supporters can campaign freely without blockades at their doors.
There is Another Law the essential Commodities ammendment act? Is the hoarding of Essential Commodities is Good for Farmers and Citizens?
ONe of the best, thanks for introducing farmers true protest.
Cashless transactions will make every process more transparent and will show the exact income of farmers. It will be benficial at the time of 'karz maafi'. More farmers will pay income tax.
Written assurance of MSP  is a jumla because as you have already said that only 6% farmers' produce is procured on MSP.
" Misleading and Manipulating the civil society of a country so that there own people (farmers) stand like a hurdle in front of country's groth and development is another front of war "
I am proud of Indian Farmers and NDTV too.
World stand in solidarity farmers
The assumption behind freeing the farmer from the clutches of nexus, is that freedom to trade, allowing hoarding and contract farming will enable better price discovery, which is doubtful or flawed. But what SG forgets is that the new middleman will be the big corporations which will setup new clutches for the farmer. So its not a watershed moment of reform, rather a watershed moment of transfer of colonization from nexus of buyers, traders and consumers to nexus of big corporations. Farmers will never be able to free themselves. But if this will not save the agriculture sector, nothing else will. This will only push more people out of agriculture in long run and help formalize our economic structure like the rest of the world. Ugly but true way to detox the agri sector. The intent of the government is right.
Again, half knowledge is dangerous. The essential commodities act has been amended but there are exceptions. There are restrictions to hoarding in case of war, famine, natural calamities or if the prices of food grains increase by 50% or horticulture product prices increase by 100%. So, no one can hoard to artificially inflate prices. The need for the amendment is simple- with new players coming in and bigger volumes of trade, deregulation is essential.
SHREE SIR YOGIJI IS NEXT PM OF BHARAT LIFETIME..... EK BHARAT SHRESTH BHARAT..... JAY MAA BHARTI..... SHREE GUJRAT HINDU MAHASABHA. ......
Farmer sowed seed, God Jesus n bible is a seed of god's word satisfied ur soul by His death n ressurrection. C 'Bible' in google!!!.......
We are with farmers 
Tractor rally really took chaotic Turn.. these are not protesters....A religious flag put it on Lal quila...I condemen this and farmers Lost their sympathy from public...
- Farmers get subsidy (w.r.t grains price, fertilizer price, and free electricity water etc).
But why are the farmers protesting then? They're getting screwed despite MSP. Why don't they support the government's good decision????
Farmers need a teacher like you... Farmers will get their rights only if they are aware of it.
When the entire country was reeling through coronavirus outbreak and lockdown and people were left jobless and hungry in the street..this guy fled to US for biking adventures..pretty much shows the level of empathy he have for people..no wonder he has no objections against the farm bills..
If any farmer need to sold his things to private companies direct then we do not need this bill anyone can do this. 
We need to show respect and say thank you to farmers who have kept us from starving.
We all non farmers must stand by them.
Please make a video with aerial view stretching from the beginning to the end of each highway farmers have blocked. These aerial views are how we can estimate how many ppl are there in total.
Farmers have lost- those who do hard work and does not get the share they should get.
Support for farmers protest
This is not farmer's
Beautifully explained Sir. You should be the one in these farmers meetings to avoid unnecessary political mess ups.
Kindly do not argue in favour of reforms and create any type of disbelief against patriot pm mr modi ji
Happy for the farmers! Democracy won yesterday, Freedom will have to wait for tomorrow!
Now its the time to take U Turn by an Indian Govt to support Taliban instead of Afghan Govt.....
Its time  now punjabi sikh must be struggle for thr independence country like pakistan and bangladesh and sri lanka if they want survive in asia if not thn they facing whole life like 1984  and now 2020
What about the rules which is imposes on farmer  without as per normal bill and without demand by the farmers? All the normal food in the market retail value finalized by the  manufacturer why only agril food product is valued by other ,It is good for farmers by  govt i.e MST but it is not implied 100%? Then what will farmers to do?
Sanjay ji can you bring AIM and Bhau Torsekar together on BJP & Modi topic..
MashaAllah we fullest support to Kisan Almighty Allah bless them with success inshaAllah
Farmers will benefit from contract farming as production has to increase in the future as the population of India increases.
Lallontop only contains to earning money from YouTube Modi,BJP
Looks like corruption in Agriculture in India is deep rooted. Grabbing farm from the small farmers by the big farmers, their exploitation and the profit sharing by the faces behind them.
What. You have said sir is that govt take masures for farmers even i not know how that these little farmers know you are best speaker that i had even listened i request u to plz provide these information to farmers by making small team we will promise that wil definitely help you whenever you need our support thank u sir
Any buddy did this get arrested but not supporting to these fake farmers ... Just to join politics tiket also doing same like Kejriwal..
Oh! My god!! Its a great setback to the nation and loss to small farmers.
These laws are extremely beneficiary to the farmers if utilised properly and also gives way to huge food processing Industrial infrastructure and employment that provides a exceptional growth in the primary sector which is lacking
5 September main sb ek manch p honge godi media walotum TRP lelo tbtk
2- if it is to protect Farmer why no MSP?
How conveniently one side you put forth farmers as bad and completely ignoring how unconstitutionally these laws were passed , how farmers were lathichargee, water cannoned, contained with spikes and Barbwires and blocks, electricity and water was cut off to reach them , how some goons were sent to create violence at peaceful sites, how they have been ignored since jan 2021, how they were rolled over by union parties ministers son and yet that minister is still in power, how peaceful whole 26thing jan rally was but you spoke of only few protestors reaching red fort.
Proud to be an daughter of farmer.. but shame on the people who doesn't give values to them
Nepal is with farmer
Thank you farmers
8. whatever you can say , whatever our Andolan , it seems  Modiji is still super performer in case of acting.
2022 tak double income of farmers
So respect farmers
Repeal farm laws..
Modi govt done best work in favour of Farmers .
Our PM cannot pull such crowd any time but farmer's unity for justice has broken the record.
I can live without my phone, but I can't live without farmers who produce my food.
RESPECT FOR INDIAN FARMERS! These are the people who feed HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS of P E O P L E and whose toil and tears will never be appreciated by the AGRIMONSTERS i.e. the 'movers and shakers in the agricultural world nor the supermarkets at home and abroad" who treat them as the serfs and vassals of the Middle Ages in Western Europe. They are the people who produce in accordance with Nature and whose carbon footprint is negligible when compared to the carbon footprint of farmers in for e.g. The Netherlands. RESPECT for your protracted struggle and may you be able to send your sons and daughters - now confined to CHILD LABOUR by virtue of the existing circumstances - to schools of higher learning incl. Agriculture! - in the near future. RESPECT!
Our PM doing well for Kishan through this bill but kishan didnt understand.
Before you give flak against the farmers, ask where your true loyalties lie. The union of India and her people, or the RSS and their political wing, the BJP?
Punjab farmers are anxious for losing Easy money they have got so used to on the back of unsustainable farming practices supported by populist govt policies...
Kisan hate to Yogi-Modi bhi hate.
I support farmers. 
Tmhaare papa finally haar gye  farmers se...
All are paid..they have no idea of what farmer Bill is..paid by Aap and congress..
modi said us  Khalistan but he apologize
The statement from other statemen in opposition of farm laws doesnt mean that we have to support the opposite notion to their comment. The farms laws were influenced by rich tycoons of india and they needed to b cancelled
Today a farmer is back to begging, begging for some extra price for his produce. He may take home 1500 instead of 2000 which he deserved. And that 500 belongs to those protesting in the borders 
Gov should have a plan to gradually move farmers to more profitable and export quality crops by incentivizing targeted sectors instead of leaving them helpless all of a sudden with no guarantee
bills are in favour of farmers
Very informative with a generous amount of sarcasm ! Ouch Modi ji ouchh
 For me eliminate both these mandi system and new law. Coz no body can assure minimum support price for anything coz this is business and everyone have to share profit and loss. But research and find solutions why the farmers are getting low money for their products. Once in a while ok its a part of life. But always means that there is corruption dome by corporates + authorities by manipulation. So the real solution is change the system based on coruption, lies , false news, pseudo hopes and fear.
WHAT ABOUT THE 300 OR POSSIBLY MORE FARMERS THAT DIED AND WENT MISSING?!
I dont know why but media got hurt to see farmers win. Can see all reportrs in pain and vain expressns hahaha
Now they till bill repeal in Parliament... Donno their moto... But only intrested in commotion and doing things in name of farmers... Worst politics...Be strong Modi bro
I am having tears of happiness seeing my farmers happy.
#FarmersProtest :      Farm Bill      | NEWZ World India |
Modi government against farmers
Main shocking is that where there this type of incidents take place no Farmer leader present there...
Stand with our farmers!!
Me with the farmers of my country
"Listen to the farmers carefully before you give them any advice" - M.S. Swaminathan (India's leading Agricultural Scientist).
This is india not khalistan
Its a strategic withdrawal. Note the emphasis on small farmers. Some policies have been introduced.  1. Direct payment to farmers. 2. More Mandis 3. Sell to whom you want. 4. Cash transfer soon after delivery. It is the big middle men who were going to loose. Unfortunately FCI is still on the hook to buy all of Punjab and neighbouring states rice and wheat produce.
Farmers can sell their crop as they wish with out intervention of third party intrest. Once upon time long long ago they use to sell crops directly with interchange of things. My doubt is U. S. A farmers how they sell their crops, European farmers how they sell their crops, Russian farmers how they sell their goods... After observing many developed countries farmers selling their products methods they should discuss with State Governments and then with Central Government without doing any violence.
Laws repealed jst bcoz of punjab elections and for amrinder's support
Modi  breakdown totally constitution of india ..
Farmer: do they want bread or do they want bullets..
BJP gov gives electricity 18 hour akhilesh only 8 hour where was yogendra and tikait
2- The change in Essential commodities Bill may only be better than or equal to current scenario for them..
These laws were in the interest of farmers and consumers as well. It could have been implemented in other states.
Rakesh tikait you are saying right 
Good these punjab EKTA mediator morcha must not be allowed. They are doing Bigotry things by help of Congress as well as communists. 
CONTRACTUAL FARMING ( for any issue farmers can reach only to SMC AND DC of the district)
My question is ,Are sugarcane grower farmers happy now ?  was govt able to manage fiscal deficit by doing away with MSP for Sugarcane ?How a common man  suffers because of This  Step???
My village nevert support this bills
The bill is not bad. Farmers are not wrong. A negotiated solution is possible that will benefit the farmers. The bill is FOR them
It's not just a "FEAR" as you call it. It is a fact and is seen in many states already and suffering is also obvious in farmers and big profits for the already rich. UNFAIR in my opinion. There are problems as farmers agree but there needs to be a different approach, not through dictatorship and ask farmers to just obey just because the government thinks it's good for them. Farmers are a human beings and have a mind of their own too, believe it or not.
You know why they didn't take lathi charge or other types of charge because they are farmers but when you said last that it can cause damage to us.
update: Today at 12 April 2021, FARMERS ARE STILL PROTESTING! 
Farmer livelihood more important then any Flag, you cannot eat the Flag.....
government and farmers unions should sit and discuss and try to come up with a better solution, right now both the parties are adamant especially farmers which will only result in further chaos and no solution.
Farmers who have doing hardwork day and night in crop field but this modi sarkar breaks  hearts of all farmer ..
India should not fall in traps laid by terrorists,  their partners, demented presidents, rapists or CCP.
Stand with farmers.
The main issue isnt that Punjabi farmers dont trust the central government, its that Mandis are much MUCH larger in Punjab and Haryana then anywhere else in this nation and Mandis will become weaker due to these bills and many farmers even in these states are happy with these bills, this is because that cost of transportation is reduced and proper infrastructure would be provided by the private player and talking about the MSP, you can find out the MSP which the government provides on their website, the MSP has increased compared to last year
Pakistan/ Congress party is Supporting the farmer protest *
It is really enlightening to note and observe that we can be sure that any intriguing issues that our nation faces can be ended by the interference of our farmer community who are the real sons and daughters of the land. The whole nation support the farmers demands.kisan mazdoor unity zindabad. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Jai Bharath.
What about Robert vadra stolen acres of land from farmers can you explain it , Ms priyamka Gandhi vadra khan?????
To have a projection the farmers need a predictive models, which Indian farmers do not have.
Please india stand for Jay jawan Jay Kisaan 
with the internet, i don't think the smaller farmers should worry too much.
78 thousands Taliban Terrorists and other side 3 lakh Afghans tran military... India should support Afghan military troops....
Respects to a farmers in India for the strength they are showing in fighting for their kids future .. God Bless theses Protests in All States
We are with our Farmers  Kisan ekta zindabad  full support from Delhi 
Keep your spirits high brother farmers.the world is watching and victory soon for you guys. Love and prayers from Malaysia tamilan urban farmer.
Govt. - this policy would help farmers grow.
We want coverage of farmer's protest
This is what is called capitalization of agriculture. I think the lecture should bring more issues regarding these bills. It seems like you are favouring the govt. Please do not lean towards govt and capitalists. We all know these bill ultimately  affect not only farmers but also workers and peasants and common people. When big company start doing black marketing they will also fix the prices and common people have to buy the commodities. 
So, it was good that it was repealed. GOI/BJP erred multiple times in the process but I guess this repeal is the best step that they could have taken in the existing scenario. Speaking about Maunmohan and politics of the past, it's like comparing apples with oranges. Now the role of the opposition has been reduced only to blindly opposing everything that the GOI does, it wasn't so in the past.
This poorr farmer drinks cofee in 5 star hotel only
90 % of people in army and police belong to farmer's son , if they people regin then what will govt do
Being a farmer from Maharashtra we want revaluation of farm policy.we accept Farm bill.
Farmers the true sons of the soil will remove the corrupt BJP government and its blind followers long live farmers of India.
If you are the farmer will support you but if you are the khalistani then again Shikh riot which happened in Delhi in 1984 will can happen again, this is the high time that Sikh community should control their youth to not to challenge democracy
First problem to solve to reduce farmer suicides is to eradicate loansharks
the power of majority had reached the govt head. it's a good thing they realized it before destroying themselves. Also knowing this govt, they will be back in some different form... PM never lets his opponents win without any benefit. People still trust Modi, this may seem as a victory for opposition but everyone know people will still support PM then the opposition.
How Corporates will handle court cases if anything goes wrong against farmers.
Why is Amrinder Singh thanks modi ji it is our farmers who had to be congratulate they made the modi  repeal the law it is farmer's wins
Farmers Producer Organisation (FPOs) of minimum 500 farmers to be formed ( Central Govt has target of 10000 FPOs) - FPOs to be formed by engaging 2-3 Villages of Same Panchayat (in. Rajasthan) of nearby Panchayat (in Haryana).- All farmers should have same shareholding and no licensed traders should be made member of FPOs.
Pls dont abuse hard working honest sikh farmers.
I guess china & pak are more friendlier with india rather than these farmers 
To the publication group, and anyone reading this from Scoop Whoop, I know that Samdish Bhatia is in centre of politics. He is not a Right Wing Supporter nor the Left, but I want to request you to make a totally separate series. With zero ads, zero promotions, zero sarcastic Samdish, you guys know that PMO India is doing very wrongful acts. Just 10 Videos of 10 minutes Samdish Bhatia seriously telling the exact truth he know, I am following Samdish from 3-4 years now and my gutt tells me that Samdish can bring the change. Samdish Brother if you ever read this comment I just beg you to do your serious MANN KI BAAT. You have the voice which people crave for, you have the viewership people dream of. Please Scoop Whoop and Please SAMDISH BHATIA. This decade can turn India back to what it was or to a gangland with riots every day every night. Samdish Bhatia you didnt got sold out to politician be fuckin* proud of yourself and bang this government. Respect your Reporting
It doesn't take a lot of effort to conclude the propaganda of Modi Govt  with aid of media which is afraid of consequences from Modi Govt. Modi has not been in a single press conference since May 2019 where he struggled to answer. What kind of Elected PM is that. Instead he delivers monologue MAN KI BAAT  like some podcast.
There are more than many medicinal plants/herbs that can be grown in many parts if Punjab& Haryana.
Good work Farmers  good new's chanal good work
this victory of farmers is a proof that democracy is still alive  in india and its a blow to the govt. who thught they could crush this movement like the CAA one, but our farmers stood day and night in tough conditions to witness this day, my heart goes down for all those farmers who lost their loved ones in this fight against the govt. jai kisan jai jawan
I support government of India for all the law and regulations implement by them to make India a better place. Strict action needed to make country better.
Eee parayunna corpratukalumaayi oru contractil enter cheytha pore oru all india farmers union chernn... Athaayath epoozhum at any circumstances oru farmerinu ayalude production coast + minium 30% profit enkilum  koduthuthirikanamenn....
Where is akshay kumar he always support modi
We support the bill
Love  sir ur great man in the world  very honest and deep thinker.we need journalists like India and Pakistan........ love from Pakistan
Common people are asking why farmers gets loan waiver, electricity bill waiver, water bill waiver but their contribution to the economy is very low. 
BJP for INDIA.
Only farmers that too landlords of Punjab are aggrieved by laws no other state farmers are agitating or opposing them.Entire episode is instigated and financed by politicians and agencies from abroad to disturb india.The speed at which SC has approached the issue is less than a snail 
What I don't understand and would like to know is: If agriculture involves 60% of people of our country,why it is the farmers of Punjab mainly and of Haryana,Western UP are only agitating ,when farm laws would have effect on all the farmers of our country. So the question is Do they represent the entire farming community of India?. It is also obliquely hinted as to how Late Vajpayee ji would have dealt the issue.
- Are they Hindus came from Pakistan to India?
Can't trust this man. He say something and does something else. Beware my dear farmers! Jai Jawan, Jai kisan!
Sir ji , if 303 seats doesn't give you courage to fight Wrong people , what  do you want ???? We know Farm Bills are in favour of farmer and still you are repealing it just because fake farmers who are big landlords like Rakesh Tikait are on dharnas......... Shameful.. 
THE GOVT OF CANADA SHOULD INVESTIGATE THIS SO CALLED FARMERS PROTEST IN A BIPARSTAN MANNER BEFORE JUMPING INTO THE INTERNAL AFFAIRS OF INDIA. DO YOUR HOMEWORK BEFORE MAKING HURTFUL STATEMENTS ABOUT THE INDIAN GOVT.  PLEASE REMEMBER MANY OF YOUR CONSTITUENTS ARE CANADIANS OF INDIAN ORIGIN WHO ARE UPSET AT YOUR STANCE.
Gandhi went to Champaran to help the farmers
Punjabi farmers should stay on borders with SKM until MSP on 23 fassals in law is agreed by the government. Indian from UK.
Lets be clear. It was farmers from Punjab those are protesting
Actually we live in cities and we don't know the efforts taken in the field by farmer when i was small my grandfather use to do farming and i have seen how much work is there and the income is almost nothing in terms of investing time
Thanks a lot .... clarified about farm bill sir.
Farmers now  splitting to modi govt and now modi is giving this credit to others .  Accha vibes only for modi and bad vibes for others 
People are saying that people especially farmers came in crores. I say number is not more than 50k because ground capacity is only 30k. Also we can evidently observe that it's not a tight packed crowd. All the dalals who are going to get hurt by these laws have gathered here. But it will do anything as farmers from other states are very much opressed by previous APMC mandi. And tht why no real kisan is against these farm laws. We all have seen how some handful of jamindaars, dalaals and land mafias have monopolised the whole system. I personally experience this in Delhi. So be calm and support these laws.
Who is farmer ?  All are aatankwadis
continuing tears of farmers is an curse for the country..
shame on yogi modi
Will Kejriwal speak truth that how these 3 laws were black and harmful to farmers.
So..farmers are protesting and it is justified .... 
Farmers income since last 70+ years have been almost stagnant but nobody raised a voice against it but when the government is trying to improve agricultural sector somehow the rich farmers/ middlemen are on roads protesting with the fear that they would lose their chance to make huge money from small farmers. 
Modiji  can do  as much as he can at a given point  in time , but he needs  to be there to do better  if he voted  back.
Yes Modi is right,only 5 % farmers who are very rich are looting the 95% of our farmers.Being from a farmer family we Are with MIDI JI.
- why do you think farmers don't want to go to supreme Court?
If you think farmers are misled and are sitting with their kids and wives and elderly parents in a 2 degree weather because somone mislead them.. you seriously need go outside on a street in a tent and just spend one night in that temperature and then comment back can you somone be misled?
The police and government has been polarizing farmers protest,
They forget that which food they eat   it made by farmer
I love your comedy and have gone through multiple videos in last 2 weeks BUT you are ill informed on these farm laws. I didnt expect this from you.  These farm laws will free farmers from the control of middle men. Would you like a law which restricts you to showcase your comedy on only one channel ? I guess you wont. Also , these protests are not happening across India. There are more than 30 states in India and these protests are happening in only one state
Modi saved BJP's career over national interest. BJP is irreplaceable for working in national interest...... We don't have options other than BJP
Mr. Modi and his government giving priority to big corporates, not to the common people of India....
BILL on MSP is impossible as the price will be vary from time to time
In the video we have to see those are not farmers those are goondas killing passengers all are politicising the issue
you kust knew nothing I am a farmer from punjab .My village is near rajasthan border We use to sell our paddy in another state ,rajasthan( hanumangarh) around 50kms There is no restriction of where to sell. 1509 a variety of Basmati chawal is selling at the bathinda mandi for 1400-1500 and others too because government is not yet starting buying at MSP .  Poor farmers can't even afford to save their paddy for 3-4weeks so they can sold at MSP of 1800 (which os of normal rice )the commissionof aadhti is 2.5% which should be reduced . other taxes are used to regulate APMC .But without MSP no ones gonna give right price . Middleman will still be there Ambani and Adani will not come to my village to purchase wheat
Very good analysis and true. Shekhar Guptas Cut the clutter is rare show on Indian news media which is unbiased journalism
Worst thing about these bill is that farmers never demanded these bills, govt jabardasti unpe thop rahi hai. Kisan swami nathan report ki demand kr rhe hai aur vo ye kar nahi rhe.
Thanks for supporting farmers protest
Wow, words used to describe by THE HINDU, farmers" rode into "Delhi, they" removed" dtc buses by tractors, they "poured into" red fort, clashes were" reported between" police and farmers. Amazing. How peacefully the farmers rode and only the police were bad because they started lathi charging and using tear gas just for sheer lack of anything better to do.
What's the big deal its just a flag, it could have been taken off by the police later.  It's not like farmer's damaged the Red fort building. Why is the government making an issue of a trivial issue. They're acting like these farmer's are an invading army..lol!!
Honest true so you deserve this respect but shame on Ajtak the Godi media
Hi Abhi, Niyu, you are really doing great work! I believe this video can be an eye opener for farmers, but they might not understand all the terms.. please create this video in simple language understandable by the farmers...
They are farmer's not enemies
Misguide aap kar rahe hain.... theek vaise hi jaise ignorant masses ko one way information de di jati hai.... aap jin logo ko in acts ke bare me bta rahe hain vo ignorant masses hain because they are not farmers. These bills are for farmer population...they know the pros and cons of your statement. No shame at all..... Zameer     mr tutor aap me.....
Now #rakesh Tikait makes each and every farmer billionaire
Imagine if such a strong leader like P.M. Modi had to retract from his decision, how difficult it is to reform the agricultural sector. Win for the middlemen and loss for the small marginal and contractual farmers. 
I am from farmer family south Punjab we migrated to canada 2012 and we have farms in canada & usa, we have better msp price and insurance, today world is global village,  so bjp & rss divided to india in religious fundamentalism, 
Farmers are dying of cancer from producing food  ; can government give subsidies for good health and medicines at low prices .
2.farmer now free to sell the crops anywhere in india 
4. As you discussed, farmer can sell there goods anywhere,  so why this reform if already govt have eNAM scheme.
Are u a economics professor or farmers daughter do u know what is the best for farmer if u dont know pls Modi only giving favor to Ambani andAdanithis law is good for them not for farmer
If all the farmers decide to cut down production by 20% instead Protesting, they will make more money because of demand.
there too many farmers in India, there no way to solve the problem unless there are plenty of jobs
I am from Pakistan. Kumar sir is really true journalist. Indian people please respect him. He is your legend
A big salute to punjabis and all the farmers who protest in delhi. From TN
We respect our farmer's struggle and support it.  Our support to the media that is covering the struggle of true induan farmers. It makes no difference to farmers of weather, rain, cold, heat, to bend the country rules.
As a Kashmiri I salute the resistance of these farmers ... Much respect to u much respect
 India doit investment gainst Pakistan but they forget ISI
12. On Feb 2021, Supreme court of india created an farmers expert committe of experts to listen to greviances but farmers unions
#Isupportfarmers  #downwithmodigovernment
If you're stating the truth then say ki farmers have to negotiate not dectate terms.
SUGGESTION TO SOLVE FARM BILL 2020 ISSUE:
This can't be an advantage for farmers.
Farmer's should not be beaten up like this, it's totally wrong
After this don't expect any kind of development for farmers. 
Boycott bjp save India...
RAKESH TIKAIT WANTS TO BE NEXT PM OF INDIA  INDIA HAS BRIGHT FUTURE
The Government should appoint Nitin Gadkari to talk with the farmers.
Where was this Godia  Media when farmers were dieting?
Now it's time to send in the army to get rid of the khalistan supporters from Tikait gang.
Doubling farmers income? first of all how he got to know farmers income? Do they have constant income to make it double? For god same don't fool people Mr. PM....
Farmers having their Breakfast while sitting on chairs and most of them having western breakfast only. Businessman Farmers??
I want to ask why government is allow to control the price of wheat and rice.why are farmer not allow to control the price?
If Govt legalise MSP and farm insurance then it will secure farmer interest. 
Government must compensate to farmers families who lost their lifes.
And the farmer's bill dictate that if farmers are not paid by corporates the SDM will be the one to deal with it and farmers are not allowed to go to court. What an irony.
Farmers are basically ill-informed as is the viewer of these kinds of videos, at no point in this video the narrator simply explained/read those 3 bills with/without his opinion.
All farmers Boycott those products  show on zee news
# we support farmer
In India do farmers reside only in Punjab and Haryana. Rest of the Indian farmers want these laws. Rakesh Tixkait represents the middlemen farmers. Rakesh Ticket has proved that he is anti farmers. He doesn't want any reforms in the life of farmers so that he gets his share as cut and poor farmers reach the hell
I think that modiji passed this  bill  for farmers.  farmers are not happy so for whom modiji is making bill
Present Govt is responsible for the DEATH of more than 700 Inocent Farmers and must be punished under Criminal Law.
I like that you also include English subtitles which is important to raise the voice of farmers to whole world....
Can posible farmer store grain in APMC for year raight rate to sale any charge and 
The people who are still supporting the farmers are fools.
It's weird how most of the opposers of farm law don't even understand how farm laws will affect farmers.
Someone show this video to the govt, opposition parties and our farmers. 
We are living beautiful life only for farmers
To the Central Government -- and Delhi Police misguided. By wrongfully guiding Farmers . 
THANK YOU, BBC! The world needs to see this, know this and stand up for the farmers. It's now or never!
It is fine if farmers don't want it,no point applying them forcefully.
Mujhe farK padta h iam AGRICULTURIST BUT PLZ DONO SIDES KO DIKHAIY SIR AND MAM BCZ NATIONAL TELEVISION TO SIRF 1 HI SIDE DIKHA RI H...I KNOW HOW MY INDIA AND MY FARMER IS IMPORTANT FOR US
When the Constitution has given the right to the States to make the laws on Agriculture Produce any laws made by the CENTRE have no legal status so where is the question of repealing these BILLS. THE STATE GOVERNNENTS CANNOT IMPLEMENT THESE LAWS & THE HON'BLE PRESIDENT SHOULD REALISE THAT HE HAS BEEN HOODWINKED INTO SIGNING THESE BILLS AND SHOW SOME RESPONSIBILTY & CALL FOR A JOINT SESSION OF PARLIAMENT AND QUESTION THE GOVERNMENT 'S UNCONSTITURIONAL WAY OF FUNCTIONING  WHICH IS MOVING TOWARDS DESTRUCTION OF DEMOCRACY.
Educating farmers is wonderful point.
Not only Punjab and Haryana is participating. Other states like Chennai, maharashtra,Rajasthan and etc are also participating.
Thank god gov took back farm laws I really thought India was going to modernize in farming sector but then again it is India disappointment is the new normal
very insightful analysis by Shekhar Gupta. I think the BJP / RSS are about to dump Modi
You are not telling us how the present situation working ..... how farmer get RS 2  on onion and we buy it from market at RS 50 ..... and result they get nothing on their own product ............... I wasted my 40 minutes
Modi should interfere immediately. Throwing cold water on humans in a cold weather amounts to torture.
German farming businesses are also private . What's wrong with private. It is not the work of government to buy food from farmers . State owned companies sucks.
Great Analysis Shekhar ji... There is surplus of paddy and wheat grown in the country. Need of the hour is to incentive the farmer to grow other crops, rather then cutting the lifeline of farmers by abolishing Mandi system in a knee jerk way.
The wheat farmers in Punjab grow poison(most of them). The government for many years has been a garbage dump for them, they sell to govt wheat for 30 and the govt further sells the crop for 2-3. The wheat crop is grown with large amounts of pesticides and fertilizers that no company can ever buy that stuff. This is the main reason why these farmers started the protest, in fear that if govt stops buying their crops then who will.
The killer .why did he wear a hood ..obvious doesn't look like a farmer but was ready to kill without showing his identity
I would also share one view.. It's government's duty to take care of APMC, like u mentioned salary, roads, maintenance etc. If they don't get tax from farmers they would still be functional from government. They have a budget for all this. 
Hey Talibani Owaisi plz challenge modi to implement UCC as you challenged Modi for Ram mandir and triple talaq 
Support forModi
Thanks a lot of you Mam for well explaining the Farm Bills...
Modi is surrendering infront of kissan and focus on U.P election
Higher income farmers should be taken under Income tax OR, Industry should be relaxed income tax rate as well.... 
kisan itne nalle nai hote ki 2 months tak bethe rahe, mere gav me toh kisan khus hain iss 3 law se, delhi border par bethe kisano me kisan toh 20% hi he, baki toh congressi gunde, bicholiye,modi virodhi he, kisan Union ne khud kaha ki unki rally me koi bahar se log aa gaye hain
No human being can ever deny water to another human being. In our country, we have fed biryani to Ajmal Kasab, phir ye to apne hai. Whether the protesters are farmers or not, there is absolutely no reason to deny water. India is getting worst day by day and becoming a joke all over the world.
Why can't there be a flea market where farmers sell directly to end consumers?
In 45 days with cool weather  87 farmers are die at Delhi but government of India do not care about it . Everyday our farmers are dying indiana corrupt media not cover that . #istandwithfarmersprotest
If not so why farmers from only those States which have different government or.. belong to rich States only protesting..y not farmers from up.bihar..south india not protesting
I have a doubt: MSP is supposed to be "open ended procurement" i.e. no matter how many farmers want to sell, governement has to buy.. why sir is saying that there is a quota based on FCI warehouse capacity limit?
Modi and other political parties are enjoying the parade when the farmers are suffering. If farmers are not happy why don't modi take back his bills which farmers are unhappy and being pushed to have them.
Amrinder singh as a punjabi how you can now side with a party which brought the 3 farm laws without consulting the farmers and those who are responsible for the death of more than 700 farmers.
We dont get food  one time for a day if we contineu the farming in india. As a farmer from  india
Modi seen the power of farmer's. This agitation show the new life for democracy..Kisan Ekta zindabad.
Ossum & Perfect Answer by Shri Rakesh Tikait ji
I support farmers 
I support farmers 
Farmers from Punjab. Because this new farmer bill will now end punjab monopoly . 
Farmers should not interrupt political activities of a party.
Dear All ....you  know how muchh damage farm reform bills do to small,poor farmer , let me tell you .. this bill makes the existing contractors mere #sponsers ,which will be making agreement from 1-5 years to an individual or group of farmers , agreement doest nt include anything related to land , and any infrastructure that the firm built on farmer's area will have to be removed by the firm within a month ( after contract period) or else that infrastructure belongs to the farmer while all payment will be done at the time of crop transfer, besides disputes related will be dealt on the fast track path by SDM or DM level and only farmer have the right to go to the sessions court,moreover the penalty for farmer is the loss of sponser while penalty on sponser is 1.5 times the deal amount & a disaster on #mandi system is that yess mandis demand will decrease as farmers dont be needing them and will be merely controlled by authorities, in fact govt wont be spending that much money on buying the crops and can do a lot more imp works... the sponsers can arrange agri -councellors, may lend some amount( with no or little interest),can also include aggregators and can arrange transport facilities or include them in big supply chains..... SEE this is Why it becomes #KAALA kanoon for the opposition and not to the majority of farmers....
Guptaji, also highlight the fact that, the tax-paying citizen pays MSP twice. Once, in tax and again as part of MRP. So, if MSP is made law, mandi must be abolished to save the tax part being wasted. Everyone worrying about farmers. What about taxpayer?
Shame on GODI media !!
LoL even during the 1992 economic liberalisation there were protest by the people who love socialism it was just that indian industrial work force was pathetically small due to colonialism and  socialism. If these bills are taken back then it will be the continuation of the India's sick farming sector.
Going forward the Kissan unions will break up into kissan union for small farmers and another one for bigger farmers
Amazing sir..narrated by Principal is also very nice..overall it's really beautiful to see the root problems facing by the farmers
Everything is sold and manipulated to the gain of gujjus, ambani, adani, and bjp will control all of India for atleast next 100years as no one elses will get a chance. 
aur evm setting big election me hoti hai kuch election evm par bharosha dilane ke liye bjp election harti hai
The thekedar comes and takes the theka of growing on the land. For those unfamiliar with the word, Theka its also referred to as contract. I know there are grumblings about corporates contracting with farmers directly now. I also know why. You should too. 
Abolishing APMC in bihar has had very bad effect. Farm laws are likely to create monopoly of corporates. States should create a cooperative mechanism. Bottom line is if Farmers do not want the law then why force a law. Surely someone else is benefited. If government wants to do away with MSP then government should  state that clearly.
So called farmers 
Finally farmers won 
now govt not to talk but to take action against protesters as they are not real farmers.
Govt finally bowed down from their arrogant attitude by many loose cannons vilifying the farmers. Victory of, for and by the farmers...shame on the administration
Another point to look after is...if the farmers are happy with Mandi and MSP why are farmers are in depression, demanding loan waiver, not able to sell their produces? We have farming, we sell to Mandies with No choice. If see overall/bigger picture pan India picture, we can find solution...not only for Punjab and Hariyana!
We farmer will THROW OUT bjp in all elections
Police Comes Under Home Minister Amit Shah and I Still Support Farmers not Goons and Politicians
*GOODBYE BJP GOODBYE YOGI JI FROM UP & GOODBYE MODI JI IN 2024* 
Bjp pagal ho gayi hai...... Another sign after shahen bhag and bengal election.....
Mother Earth  please #savefarmers, its impact on worldwide people, how carporate makes money and controlled prices, see big impact in South America,  North india ( punjab, haryana & Rajasthan & Kashmir) feed all india, even Pakistan , China & iran , Russia has better price for farmers why only india polices collapses, 2030 you guys see big gdp effect , 9 years most of people migrate or india under hunger. 
Yogi as alternative to modi is seriously required.
It's really important to understand that current farm regime in India is highly unsustainable, economically, environmentally etc.
#we support farmers 
This video was in December 2020 and now it's September 2021. You said it's 15 days farmers are protesting and you hoped that government would make necessary changes to the bills in 5-7 days.
Government  must listen to farmers. From normal citizen to prime minister everybody is alive due to grains that farmers produce.farmers are real heroes of our nation.
Just look at the comment section consist hardcore islamist, and khalistanis,,two deadly combo for indian internal security,,represented by as usual rnditv...
good for farmers in their fight against the climate tyrants
'Tractor Rally' 
Only punjab hariyana and western UP farmers are getting MSP benefits
I can't thanks enough to the international media for giving light to the condition of farmers. I just don't have any words to thank you guys enough. Just THANK YOU
Pray for farmers 
Ques :What is indian government doing to solve farmers problem  ??
Guptaji this session is a very cryptic view of the situation and BJP and it seems they have failed..but if you do not like them Farm laws is the wrong vehicle ..by praising the laws and at the same instant not supporting the govt in power one achieves nothing..if the implementation fails in the larger India..you are bang on!...Punjab and Haryana can wait for 18 months..not the rest of India!
Well Shekher sir, if Bihar Farmers produce rice and Bihar govt buys in Good MSP and sell it to it's own poors at 1 or 2 Rs. Will it need to buy from Punjab, Haryana?
Farm bills were actually a good step towards agricultural reforms but kya kare votes bhi to chahiye !!!
Lol every political party had supported the farm bills or passed their own version at one time or another.
Yogi is not going to win at any cost. Without MSP Act, BJP won't come back to power in UP.
Another "fantastic cup of tea" for india this time by Taliban
the protests are a win-win situation for farmers and govt.....farmers wanted to express themselves and govt wanted a distraction for the public coz you know, BJP's Distract and Rule policy and all, always keep the public less ill-informed, un-educated and distracted......first CAA, then covid and other chinese issues and now farmers, all problems wantedly created by the govt just to keep people busy reading about those issues
In uk Canada farmers are paid well and looked after . There are no such laws .
Why South Indian farmers didn't revolt ?. Only 3 north Indian states I will not tell them farmers as they had hidden agenda against central government .
Pls... listen.... farmers...words and pain
Pay the farmers!
Traditionally  much of the APMC stalls are owned by  members of a particular community ,thanks to the pseudo secular regimes of islamic congress.  This is the main reason for the heartburn.  Farmers are easy to manipulate and cartelisation of commission agents in APMC is very easy bcz most members belong to a particular community.
Entery of private players in agriculture is never a good move at some point in future without proper government intervention private players can form as a syndicate and govern the prices of commodities and turn farming unprofitable
None has a guds to defend dictatorship of modi.comen people only look communel issues in north india thats why bjp hold power .only karnataka ruled bjp through smart caste politics.looks why on bjp rule both petrol and lpg price is high .never see any indian pms ware 10 lack armani suite
Imransurrendered infront of TLP. Modisurrendered infront of khalistani'sboth brother's behave's identical
The government says the new laws would unshackle farmers and private investment, bringing growth. 
Ab in laws ko support karne bahut aayenge........ khuch besarmo ki jid ke aage desh or chote kisan haar gaye..... we are with you sir..... we can understand what you are going through right now...... stay strong
Farmers will win lol
Very good . Hope everyone can understand this and Support farmers
Only Punjab should be excluded from Farm bill and should be implemented across India. If others are benefitted from farm laws Punjab would join the law.
ONLY YOGIJI,TIKAIT MALA MAL HO RAHA HAI
One minute silence for those who doesn't read farm bills and make a decision 
Who would have thought Taliban could play Pakistan's playbook so well on Pakistan. After all, they were trained by the same western masters.
Pm modiji should wake..... shame ..... Dear modiji please solve the issue .... Digital India is facing food shortage..... otherwise farmers will teach a good lesson
Why new beneficients vs old beneficients debate while the debate should be efficient use of resources to improve farmer income?
Real hero are our farmer
Also he was told 'aukaat me raha karo' by his seniors. Corruption is there in every field including FCI but many times powerful farmers are also enemy of poor farmers. Many times they are forced to sell their products in cheap rates and sarpanch sell in higher prices and whenever any good schemes are launched they take away all benefits and Poor farmers get nothing.
They are not farmers 
Got goosebumps after watching this.. proud of you farmers
This issue could mean literally life or death for the hundreds of millions of India's farmers. I can't help but think that India's mostly small scale farms are also better for the environment (more carbon storage in the soil) than the industrial farming the reforms will encourage.
So called win by farmers
I believe, Farmers are the Backbone of the Nation...
Lollzz... kept the nation and media busy for 1 year.. jai modi
That man who hits the policeman doesn't looks like a poor farmer...make this law as a choice for different sates...
Taliban has also captured afghan army....gifted by india... Lolzzz
Well presented and salute to farmers who are taking part in this revolution .
Why is no one now talking about social distancing, corona pandemic. Chamcha media if this would have been BJP's gathering then every thing related to corona might have been broken by BJP but not now what a biased news. 
for this situation central is responsible. this is the because of negligence of govt looks on farmers protests.
Farmers protest have Justice
This is only happening in Punjab. Nothing such has happened in any other state? Only Punjab has farmers? Nothing in Southern India. I gess farmers are more intelligent and we'll informed there.
Up election is near no one care your politics tikait
But no one is ready to admit the truth that the central government had no constitutional rights to make these rules for the raw agricultural products and the government had to temper with the constitution during the Corona lockdown period in order to make these rules. Rules were made without using proper procedures and discussions with the farmers representatives and the opposition party leaders. And the government implemented the rules in a hurry taking advantage of the Corona lockdown period.
Farmers must stand united & stick to their demand of officially repealing the farm laws in the Parliament & provide MSP as a guarantee by way of a fresh bill of Parliment.
Aajka din 29 jan 21 BJP ke dangai neta bhul kaise gaye. Kaise unhone hum kisano par latth barsayi thi, humey buri tarah raunda tha. Besharam BJP wale, logo ko jaan se maarne ke alawa unhono koi kaam nhi kiya hai. Hindu-Muslim;Jinnah-Pakistan yahi hai Gujarat model. Beimaan Aur dhokhebaaz neta =BJP neta. Please let me know that what was the reason behind buying Pegasus by Modi govt during his Israel visit as confirmed by New York Times. Why Modi govt had played with billions of Indians privacy. Doesnt it fall  in Modi govt Anti -National elements. Now, please tell me who is anti national. BJP ne kiske hit mein kaam kiya ki BJP ki sampati 7 saal mein 770 crore se lagbhag 5000 crore ho gayi, Aur Adani Ambani ka profit prati ghante 90crore ho Gaya. Wah Gujarat model Kya taraki ki hai. BJP wale chor hai Aur chori ke paise par palne wale media anchors, unke bhakt  hai. Please aap mat jao Tikait saheb news channels par.
Really proud of our farmers....feeling privileged to witness this protest...jai jawan jai kisan
Please make a vdo on 26 jan 's farmer protest with proper investigation.we have trust on u bhai. Waiting for that vdo...
Put that fake farmer Tikait who is playing politics in jail
What about farmers in rajesthan or does NDTV only care about farmers who oppose bjp. Why dont they give same coverage to them.
Government should meet the demands of our farmers. They have to sit down with farmers and explain point-to-point. I wish it should resolve quickly. Feeling pity on our farmers health.
the graphics are confusing. and I wonder how the landlords fit into this picture - as I understand it, most farmers pay rent for use of their land.
Indian has deployed 1 million Army in Kashmir to stop the voice of innocent Kasmiri people, now what will they do with their own Farmer protesters who raise their voice against hinduta think tank.
We Farmers are also going  to collectors office...Against BDA(Bareilly  Development Authority) they are going to acquire Land of 12 villages.....
Congratulations to all the farmers and people of India who supported them.. love you you who supported the farmers from different parts of India... still wait for formal procedure.
Why is this not discussed more .why is the whole media more concern about bollywood than in farmers.the whole media is sold out to bjp.please save these innocent souls.i really want modi to speak up and explain the situation .we all deserve an explanation in a democratic country
7. Furl khalistani / religious flag on national monuments (religious flags in a Farmers rally???.... Was it a religious rally or farmer's rally???)
Modiji's government has been out of action since Shaheen Baug days and this time All his voters and the country finally lost.
Govt should repeal these anti farmer laws immediately
This interview felt like an attack on the Indian farmers *#BBCbeingtheBBC*
Shouldn't have taken so long. After so many farmers has lost their lives. 
Ab maan jao we are being ruled by dacoits and demons of Democracy India in big Trouble The BJP angle of rule 
As soon as the taliban forms government the India will tie up with their government 
Aajtak and Zee news you both should be ashamed off. Last year farmers from UP came for protest then all media were supporting them how police is harassing them. This time Farmers from Punjab and Haryana and mainly Sikh farmers came for protest and you all media defaming this protest and calling them terrorists. Do you really think they deserve this tag for peaceful protest from the last 3 months against the bill. Do they don't have any right to raise questions against govt, are they made to grow crops for ration cardholder(labour and poor) and to die for the nation at borders only?
Support the farmers 
If modi had discussed this laws with farmer before forcing it on us. It could never happened
  Zee News Media Reporting
I fully support the Indian farmers and who would not but not the protest. Poor farmers have been brainwashed and misled for mere politics which is why it's super imp that we research and bring out the truth to our misled farmers.
I salute to this struggle..yeh sirf vohi Kar sakte hain Jinka zamir zinda hai.i appreciate to these farmers.
God help the farmers from such evil
Apparently did it for the votes in the upcoming elections not like he actually cares about the poor farmers smh
By directing police to break the heads of farmers for protesting is unprofessional of him as an administrator. His duty is to maintain peace and law and order but, ironically he is the one encouraging violence. Let's not forget, we live in a democracy. People have the right to protest if they feel that their rights are exploited or deprived of.
Great loss to Indian farmers
Thanks for farmers news
Farmers protest is one of the  largest protest in Indian History
I just made my grandpa see this video and now he has whole new perception of the bills coz he is one of the so many small farmer .
Shame on haryana and India government
Still they won't go to there home I'm sure ! Bcz there are no farmers , all are free loaders there
2) How can you expect private players to buy at fair prices that benefit farmers?
Farmers I love] you we would be dead without you shame on police acts shame God bless our farmers 
An agreement should be made between police n farmers that all police will deny central n state orders for only one week . Then only the farmers can destroy bjp government n that moment will be one more victory for india
very nice  broders and sisters I'm spot farmers
3. Will Drive up investment in supply chain - eg. Investment in cold storage - 35-40% wastage due to lack of storage facilities and cost around 35000 cr to farmers
Overall, it seems to be a step in the positive direction for the farmers. The middlemen have a lot to lose. The common man may feel the pinch but with private players coming into the field, the agri sector will get a huge boost. This will be very good for the country. The private players will only come in the agri sector if they see profits. With many private players coming in the agri sector, prices will be decided by demand and supply.
Modi is becoming an assistant to businessmen, not as an assistant to farmers.
If there is no farmers no food  nobody can work than no business no companies no cities  nothing can work without food how can modi forget he eat when farmers grow work hard  shame on modi
Now scooters are not vital for survival you could say, but food is. So imagine a worst case scenario, agro prices get controlled lower by the Adanis and Ambanis of the world by over stocking, and benefit is passed on to retail customer, and farmers run out of MSP incentive as APMC markets start losing ground. What will happen? More farmers in debt, land will be taken up by big corporates and they will start farming the land themselves? Definitely possible. But, how is it any different from Zamindars or APMC farming cartels taking control - which already did happen and continues to happen where it can. And is prevented by farmers unions and governments where it can. So why will it be any different? If the farmers get destroyed then Government will anyways need to step in, No?
Modi is right.It is a rule for the welfare of farmers. Today L am sad to hear the farmers laws were repealed .I  amwith Modi
Our country was always harsh on farmers ... farmers even comitted sucide but never came on news because our channels can only spread propaganda and shit 
We need this Indian farmer's strength and unity in Europe when it comes to protesting... they don't seem to budge!
Now those sold out so called farmers will start a different drama.
3. Why not naysayers like your website talk of how special/non staple crops will get direct pvt sector buyers? And their farmers will not have to haggle with govt or govt boards over pricing and MSPs (as they get less attention than staple crops in public's mind and are mostly cash crops). Tobacco lobbies ran full page ads calling ppl to oppose tobacco bans and support tobacco farmers. Even driven by pvt ambition, is this not at all useful for farmers in your opinion? 
If the market rate is 10 but the rate fixed in contract is 20 then farmers can sell their produce at 20 and the company has to buy it. If the company denies to buy the farmers can file a case against them On the basis of contract as their proof
The BJP backed by RSS is take back these black agriculture acts considering the Coming forth election in UP and other parts of four states. The kisan andolan should keep continue peaceful
But as an agriculturist I would say 2 of the laws were excellent for farmers and bad for middlemen mafia. 
What do you mean the Kishi kanun?  You are a Pappu and will remainPappu, if you are having capabality face to me I will teach each every thing  Deach ka Dusman, Jai Hind, jai our P M Modiji  Youji ji, remains all are Pappu
The public doesn't like to see you because you don't show the truth!First you make your image good among the public then go to the farmer to report.
Y are some farmers covering their faces?
#farmerprotest sports 
Thanks mam for providing  such a great explanation about farm bill
If this is done earlier lot of farmer lives could have been saved. This is very important victory of citizens .
Unfortunately even the people who are supporting the farmers seem ignorant of the laws....aur baki sab ka kya kehna
Please do tell when are you going to make a video where a group of people are stone pelting on farmers in singhu border and police is standing there doing nothing. Because if you are not biased then you will cover that too.
This farmers can teach the whole nation how to be united. May God give them strength.
Self proclaimed farmer
No farmers no food modi down down
Thank you Trevor for speaking on this. Standing with the farmers!
Haryana and Punjab have better AMPC system then other states
shameless farmers
You are missing many important facts. For the past 60 years there were no reforms in the field of agriculture. All were aware about  middle men's role and exploitation of farmers. No one protested so far.
Shameful act by the farmers
I also support farmer you have all sense what you said
Thousands of farmers commit suicide every year in India because they dont earn enough to pay banks back. With these 3 laws, matters will get worse.
NOW farmers should not cry about middle men exploiting them because they themself stopped reforms
2. Why minimum support price not guaranteed? Why not Corporates bound to pay MSP? 
Never forget our farmers who gave their lifes 
Everyone knows congress would not allow winter season in parliament in name of these farm bills.  And nobody knows what is there in the farm bill.
Good morning PM. Atleast u woke up. U have repealed the bills . But u all have to pay for such harrasment done to farmers.
Why is current law  FORCING farmers to sell ONLY in Mandi,
Keep on protesting majority voters in India are in support of these 3 bills so does not matter how much they protest nothing is gonna happen and if the supporters of this bill come out on road we will outnumber them by 1 to 20
Huge support to Farmers
Problem is population. small farmers are small becoz previous generation had 10 sons for 50 acre of land and now they have 2 acres in 3 sons. Farming cant feed so many ppl on a small piece of land. You have to value add in it or to give smone who is more sufficient in it by use of scientific methods of growing crops
Watching after farmers protest at singhu border
farmers are on right, govt should be held on negotiate with them
Big basket, Grofers, Jio mart, big baazar, More, star baazar walmart, amazon etc buy from farmers and sell in their store directly which will only benefit them in the long run.
We had billions of revenue in India..so we shared..
 .... 'these reform bills represents a blunder by the Govt in assuming and equate our Indian farmer as to be an American farmer/farmimg system ( as an example),  In America,  unlike our nation/Bharat/India, there are few farmers each with with huge farming lands and privileged with requisite resources, education, computer tech, logistics and above all America Govt has obligatory provisions - a binding by law of subsidies to the American farmers, whereby American farmers have the built-in/inheirted capacity to act as private business themselves without any middlemen so to effectively/economically manage their produce ensuring definite profit margins  ....... but in India/Bharat with our huge populace of small land holding farmers, our farmers at large are not inherited with  their personal / private / individual threshhold of resources, education, internet/comupter knowhow, paper/documents works, logistics requisite to enable them to manage marketing of their produce ....' 
Please support farmers so that they will get MSP which will be assured by govt. and will not be exploited by corporates.
Why not these economists think of farmers cause why these people are bent upon making poor human beings miserable 
Great punjabi and farmer bhai
Why dont you show the goons who have reached the singhu border to attack the farmers? Has your channel also joined the godi media club? Why dont you show the videos of the cops disrespecting the tricolour on 26th January?
Shri.Rahul Gandhi consistently supported the farmers from the beginning and spoke against the 3 black laws.
1. Did you answer if govt removes his/her hand from farmers how they they will be exploited, private players have enough infrastructure and monetary value so stocking farmer produce to large amount as there is no limitation due to essential good act, they may create artificial recession.
So india is saying Pakistan army and isi defeated USA & nato and soviet forces
Survival argument by the farmers which won the day.  Hurray to suffering farmers.
 parliament. But protesting farmers unions change stand after dec 9th 
Save farmers save nation 
Somebody explain this to me because I didnt learn anything from the video. Is there another video I can watch to understand the situation? Is the government not willing to set a minimum price? Is it only farmers from Punjab protesting against the law because they sell low quality wheat as compared to UP and Bihar but want to be paid as much as other states? Wasnt the idea behind the law to cut out middlemen who make money off of the farmers? How does it help corporations? So many questions!
It's a totally balanced approach ma'am...  Thank you so much for explaining farmers Bill... 
I will save this video for my future children to show this much of courageous act by our farmers.
Wow PM imraan khan is  giving lectures about slavery. Just wait for tehreeke taliban to take over the Pakistan. And then I would love to hear same speech from the same mouth. When they will the same problems as afghan are facing are today then will they understand how does it feels to be a helpless.
These laws were not good for farmers or Bihar should have richest farmers in country because they already had these laws for more than 15 years.
Shame on opposition members behaviour in Rajyasabha.The law makers behaviour of breaking the law is unbearable.Modiji has done well for the farmers.jai jawan,Jai Kishan.
Bro if you can answer, yeah media may be taking off topic route, but what about khalistan supporters, I mean there was literally a tractor with  "khalistan zindabad" slogan written.  Should you or should we just ignore it? Farmers may be not happy with the bew farmers bill but but should we ignore the evil, lurking in the shadows?
25:44 exactly my point, it has to be the govt which provides certain incentives to the farmers to move away from rice and wheat
Poor farmers ...India totally lost it's Moral values ,, ya Allah please help us .
For India farmers!! Fight for your right and freedom!!
First of all they are not farmers. Then farmers name is involved.
This video highlights only negative aspects. Whatever is happening outside APMC is illegal and corruption is involved in every stage. Modi wants to legalise everything so that small and big farmers get benefitted.
Why small business and street vendor should not demand for MSP, they also poor and doing sucide, why only farmers should get msp, our hard-earned tax money is going to subside agriculture sector
We support farmers. God bless them.
And india awakes......!  Farmers' movement across India  will bring bigger changes now.  It is time for everyone who isn't a farmer to do their fair share.
All country pl.stand with Farmers
A hearty congratulations , Our small farmers lost and middlemen won. Farmers will never get what they should get to avoid suicide and middlemen will loot and go to Canada promoting Khalistan Movement. It's sad to see such agenda is still successful in modern century and is killing our country 
I feel Modi-shah did good thing..If they didnt revoke, opposition only speak this and pass missinformation ....Poor farmers may vote for Anti-national elements.. It good wise decision   (  I came from farming background family and still we are doing farming (my family and I was very angry on tha t day)
India and it's brave soldiers should not be killed or sent to die for a country whose people and leader flees before giving any fight. With a troop of 70,000 taliban soldiers if 3.4lakh Afghani soldiers can't stop them. Then it's their fault. India and it's soldiers will be needed to protect our land..
this timeour Pakistan no reportChina media no reporti hope india government don't say they are  supported by us
This is a punjab ,Haryana farmers protest not whole Indian farmers protest as no protest in 10easternStates 5 southern states and 4Western States also 2 northern UT.
Quite informative  showed both the aspects of the laws. We indians must come together to resolve the poverty hunger and suicides by farmers using better agriculture management.
Don't call Indian Muslims Taliban or Pakistani.  I am a BJP supporter. I don't support communal lines
Salute to all students for supporting farmers' cause. Thanks a lot.
Stop calling these useless goons farmers.
Absolutely fantastic, Explained in a simple and lucid manner. Clearly shows vested interests are opposing the new farm bills. I hope good sense prevails.
Govt. ignored  when hundreds of farmers lost their lives but when elections approach they  kick started election propaganda by this step
1) Bro its a myth that farmers can't sell directly to a company, actually they can (I have practically seen this).
Farmers exploitation is the main issue why farmers are protesting.
The world needs to come together to support these farmers. Police brutality, human rights violations, poisonous capitalism. We need to wake up and help the Sikhs.
We can criticize Modiji on 1000 things where he deserves criticism. But farm sector reforms, labour law reforms are a good step in right direction. Next land acquisition law and reducing the number of clearances in opening a factory will truly fire the business environment if impemented.
If you don't like the policy of elected govt then peacefully protest but not invade other people right to travel by blocking roads. You can always vote in next election and get the current govt out of power. Your next elected govt can support and pass your liked laws and policies.
Farmers should be supported by all states
Farmer can use fan to blow away the tear gas to opposite direction.
Repealed the laws at the cost of 700 farmer lives .dear farmers salute to your unshaken determination of not giving up your peaceful protest taught  us many things and among all the power of peaceful protest
Nicely presented. But you forgot to mention that farmers have still the option to sell to mandi. It is their choice whether to enter into a private deal or market or do business as usual. As for the Essential Commodities, it is true that this amendment can encourage hoarding & eventual price rise / inflation. You didn't mention the base price with ref to which those percentages will be calculated. Point here is, if anything, people at large are the ones to be offended & affected by the potential for price rise while farmers have the chance to make more money. Surprisingly, public is quite calm about the laws while those who are likely to be benefited are apparently agitated about the amendments! It will be useful if you can explain the possible real undercurrents for their anger that makes them carry protests for such a long time with a strong demand on repeal of these laws. In fact, people need to be told what is at stake for the various stakeholders in this play & how these laws when implemented, can contribute to growth of our economy in general by way of both higher & efficient agricultural produce as well as by roping in taxes that were conveniently evaded by middlemen in the industry.
JAI  KISAN, JAI FARMER,        ...nail Road.
Dhruv Bhaiya, first of all, hello to you, the only request from you is That you will see the video on vikash divyakirti sir's farmer bill, it will be well understood, I am a simple villager, I do not mean anything to anyone, I am the son of a farmer, the farmer is in our veins.
No support in western UP for tikait....bheed jutta rakhi h...
All my hearts to these farmers  let the government repel the laws...pls
I dont support modi on this
The farmers are destined to be slaves of Arthiyas..Let them be
the farmers bill (2020) is like getting proteins from supplements (sold at a premium price by corporates ) because real food is not available or it is available but "knowledge" about real protein rich food is lacking ... and the companies take full advantage of this lack of knowledge ...make the profits ....ultimately replace farmers with machines ....
looks like after indira gandhi second most egoistic pm of india is modi but how he spoke today and apologised looks like now he would do some work for ache din
BJP BAGHAO DESH BACHAO ,.   JOOTHA HAI YOGI , MODI , PETROL 100/- DIESEL 90/-GAS 940/-MUSTARD OIL 200/-GST + other Taxes @100% kar diya15 Lakh ???Vote SP & RLD.....ABKI BAAR CYCLE SARKAR.....
This is real bad. That guy had no reason to run over the policemen. There is a way to protest. Each government wanted to pass these laws and now everyone is playing politics around it. The opposition and govt should work together to strengthen the laws as they are not good for farmers in the current form. Even the prevailing system can be manipulated so there has to be some amendment done to protect small farmers.
Big farmers dig the grave of small farmers
Sir, almost all punjab is under heavily influenced by Khalistan after modi govt. I leave in Chandigarh, i know ground reailty
J. Shankar talked with the Taliban so many times have been in Doha as well. What was he doing there? he must have asked them to grant special protection to Indian citizens etc? nope nope he was actually busy pushing Taliban against Pakistan that he completely forgot about this.
  We the people of India is with farmers..
thse are not farmer...thse are goons... creating chaos in delhi
Show the full video, you are distorting the facts. You are also behaving like so called Godi media. Why arent you showing full video?
I never had so much clarity about farm bills ever before!
Khalistanis* not farmers
Pata ni andhbhakt kyu logical news dekhne aa jate he jabki inke liye illogical news godi media or WhatsApp university de rkhi he jahan pe 2000 k note me chip mil jati he.
Revolutionary technology in agriculture, high education for farmers and new generation, and research in seed technology
This is good neither for the policemen nor for the farmers.
Support farmers #delhichaloo.With the giver of sustenance..Law for farmers.Farmers do not want that law.Then why that law for Modi?
Some people in India do not like the change. These farm laws should have been given 5-10 years to see the impact.
With the fear of losing upcoming elections in Punjab, Himachal, Uttarakhand and U.P. modi govt withdraws & repeal farm laws . Now Withdraw CAA-NRC too & reimpose article 370 in Kashmir.
Save our Farmers from people like TIKAIT.  They are not fighting for Farmers. But for Political gain. 
The thing is the traders are the real culprits and are hiding there backs behind the farmers
At the end of the day max welfare of farmers, environment should be the goal if their land goes shoot ambani, adani's office.
Sir I am from West Bengal ,, Every year farmers have suffered in potato selling to the market ,winter is the appropriate season for potato cultivation .Every year farmers protested to buy their products and suffering a heavy loss to sell in not appropriate price .But in that time of year in  August-september - October months , the price of potato is going to much more high 5 times,6 times more the farmer selling price .we are trouble in every year in those times .And potato is very highly demanded vegetables in west Bengal in Durga Puja festival and all time in the year .sir plzzz if you read this comment ,,plzz make a vedio about it ....Thank you sir .Jai Hind .
all i wanna say is that these aren't the real farmers.. some might be real but if they were then by now india would probably start facing food shortage, its been over 8 months still everything is normal across the country... however it makes me wonder its been 8 months still those people are protesting, how can they manage their family like this?? arent they facing money shortage??? how are they able to afford their living prices!?? who's funding them??? 
19:50 Farmers in Punjab and Haryana can be persuaded to move sowing Mustard and lentils but the govt needs to incentivise it. Just like government creates SEZs, just like it provides subsidies to various other industries. 
3) farmer cannot go to court if there is any dispiute but corporates can go to court agianst farmers
Contract based never works with most of the farmers in reality.  farmers cannot wait with their products for long time to bargain for good price because its a food product it will get expired. By storage accumulation and market manipulation the corporates can easily dominate the farmers . the farmers  are forced to sell their products what ever price they get coz getting something is better than throwing of expired products. These is already happening in many states where mandi system are corrupted.
Why is that Government Of India wants to bring in the new act through central government only? Why not act be pass through systematic assurances by every state government? So that farmers have laws with their betterment that they have relied so far?
There is some conflict in this bill.. If this bill will contain the clauses for MSP then I am sure private player will not give more than that  . They will always give to farmer only MSP so the open market concept will be gone in that senerio I think and if government doesn't keep MSP clauses in bill.. Now again it will concern to farmer because non one know that private companies will give the price or not I mean the all price will be set by private player only they can do anything than.. So in between need to find out
Zee News How much you charge for true news about Farmers Protest. Can You have some expert who can explan that 3 farms laws are right or wrong, can you are able to interview the farmers and policymakers both.
Wow... Ab farmar hi anti- economy of the country ho gaya ha abp and bjp a pas
This people are not farmer's  gardars send them to china they sort them out like Hong Kong
Farmers in this country have got many loan waivers but then also they aren't able to meet their needs .
Came back after the repeal of the farm laws , just to re live the protest , What a win
It was no U Turn, its strategic before UP and Punjab elections, took out the last remaining option from opposition to use farmer's bill even repealing announcement done by showing the bad intention of the protesting farmers, now they have no option to say anything, but do not think it willl be same on national interest or security like sharjeel imam etc .
I salute all the farmers who stood for such a long duration which is very impossible in these days. N dikkar  hai is Modiaur  is ka sarkar ki.
If Farmers don't want reforms then don't give any subsidy and other debt benefits from Tax payers hard earn money.
Corona affected persons must be asked to caugh and shake hands and hug these farmers so that they can never think of protests.
What will happen to SC committee on farm bill now?
If bjp looses elections Then the soul of the farmers who died will rest in peace
PM CANNOT GIVE ANY CONCESSIONS TO THESE THUGS FARMERS AS THE DOLES GIVEN TO THEM ARE THE TAX PAYERS MONEY. WE AS CITIZENS PROTEST THESE FARMERS DEMANDS.  GOVT CANNOT FIX MSP FOR ALL THE AGRI. PRODUCTS.  TODAY WHAT IS REQUIRED IS THE MSP FOR EACH TREATMENTS IN THE HOSPITALS WHERE PATIENTS ARE LOOTED BY THE HOSPITALS AND THE HEALTH INSURANCE COMPANIES.
The people who think that farmers get freebies from the government should try shaking hands with them, they are rough and tough from the toil ! It is physically challenging work, in the hot Sun, far more challenging than the most intensive HIIT exercise programs in air conditioned gyms! There is no relief mentally either. They risk their lives, one of my relatives died due to snake bite while she was working in the farm. Farms are away from the village and the city, even medical aid is not available at hand easily . So it is risky business I am disappointed by the way general public dont care and neither does the government ! Today no farmer wants his son or son-in-law to be a farmer ! Young boys who are farmers dont get brides! The farmers only want a better life for their children. For their future is dark This is just sad !
Remember remember: No party nor any individual is bigger than this nation..!! #supportfarmers #supportIndia
The next article provides the reason why Punjab and Haryana's MSP system is superior and beneficial for farmers, if anything it should be expanded to the rest of the states (i.e. increase the wealth of farmers will increase demand): 
By far the best explanation I have seen on the farmer's protest.
Well done Karan Dua, and God bless these amazing Farmers.
We r with our farmers 
But not explain what effect will be on ground level.why government not make changes on FCI and APMC To make a simple way for farmers
Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Long live Kisan Long live Kisan God bless you all  Farmers are great
Of course farmers protest is illegal full of violence and haughtiness. Govt.of India is also insensitive. Scrap agril bill if it is unacceptable to farmers. Create jobs,alleviate poverty. A day may come when jobless and hungry people would create the same scenario.
Good. Very good. So people who protests in front of mla car they need to be punish? It's farmer fault but BJP can kill they have free hand
See man, previously govt hasn't emphasizes about rolling out of the MSP in the act, for that triggered of the nationwide farmer's agitation on the contetious firm laws , now the Gov't has decided to retain the MSP, instead of wiping out it
Mohak silently said that Farm bills are good but the problem is only of trust.
The MSP also has same problem.If supply increases and cost of priduction equals MSP then farmer is finished. Contract prices however protects downside.Contract buys at pre-agreed prices even if prices fall that season.Why this is left out? Small farmers will shift to contract farmi8ng when they see this as wiser choice.Mandis will still be available and APMC too as optioons.This was renegoriated changes govt already agrees and Modi says MSP will still be there! Who will sell at MSP when either contracted prices give higher or market5 prices go up at mandis? The last leg of this how to create 'access' to small farmers other than contract farming. This can be thrashed out easily if Unions demand creation of supply chains (cold storage logistics) by government or private sector. Instead ofr negotiating such very negotiable demands, demanding Socilaist era bottlenecks to be in place forever smothers the farmers into state subisdy dep-endency stagnation and poverty.Presentation says Mandis are run by state governments leaving out Ruling party's men, politicians and rich farmers getting into them! Naturally such loss or privileges to determine prices for poor farmers is lost and such parties like Akalid Dal oppose control of manids and options outside mandis for poor farmers! Put simply it is actually Rich farmers and rich farmer political leaders running mandis who tell poor farmers they will perish if they leave this triangle of mandis they control, a MSP that flat lines and subsidies into contracts protecting price crashes and freedom to sell in others states and commodities markets.  .
Without the farmers, there will be nothing to eat and drink.
Jab ye English bol ke dikha rha tha police ke age.. protest krr rha tha singhu border pe... tab tak to ye educated kisan tha aur ab ye bjp ka gunda ban gya
While I agree that the stakeholders should have been consulted and included in the lawmaking process, I also think that it will take years to make these important, much urgent reforms now. Rolling back the farm laws sets a wrong precedent as well - especially since the decision was stretched out for well over a year (a pandemic year that too), and because the Supreme Court was mediating this as well.
we're farmers right we really knows how to deal with those disloyal cattles 
Will Punjab and Haryana farmers now do a similar agitation in States that do not pay any MSP to their farmers like West Bengal, Odisha, Tamil Nadu etc? Because poor farmers from these states would have been the greatest beneficiaries of these farm laws.
Real farmers don't bring their swords to kill policemen and sit on protests for 70+ days
This will going to benifits farmer only then bhai yeh border per   kon haii???? Kisan toh hai hi nahiii.
Do u know only punjab farmers were opposing it ? Why, bcoz they were most benefitting from it.
Bcz cong got govt in punjab so they also got support from cpi n cpm
Respect to the farmers of the country and the ScoopWhoop unscripted team.
I support farmers 
Why those Mad farmers on road, khalistanis and Jihadis are trying their best to create chaos .
thanks quint for showing it indian media is busey in some stars son case what a value human life has here here people are dead media busey in trp
Even bjp gives their statements a few mins before tv newsence shoots their episode, so that bjp dont get roasted immediately... 
Nice vedio sir but if govt think that there are so many benefits of new farm law then why not govt becomes middle between farmers and private players and why not earn benefit and provide MSP to farmers .
If only 6% hold such a large  it also means maximum of them are big traders or farmers. They buy from the small farmers as a result they accumulated large portion of paddy. On selling them through MSP they get the main benefits that's why only 6% constitute such a huge proportion.
In 2018 farmers from maharashtra protested frm nashik to mumbai silently it was remarkable whole INDIAN MEDIA appreciated them
You have done good research but not sure why you left out the cases against India in WTO for giving MSP to our farmers. Countries like Canada and USA take us to court for these MSP, interestingly many politicians from these countries were first to support these fake farmer protests. MSP is not as easy as it sounds.
People of our nation don't get what's right, people don't fact check anything before and start protesting or fighting even if it's a lie.The sellers and middle men will continue making profits and farmers will continue to suffer.
We support farmer  
My father is farmers,,,, he do his work at farm daily,,,,,we don't have time for protest....then who are they???any idea!
Please Support Farmers 
3 MSP ke sath sath MRP pe bhi agr sarkar decide kare according to production and storage etc charges consider karke to conusmers ko b faida rahega... middlemen ko hatane se zarur kisan and consumer dono ko faida hoga.. but MSP MRP fixed kare sarkar.man lijeye jo fasal 20 rs kilo khredi h woh 40 rs kilo se jada na bbech paye retailer.to black marketing and price hike apne aap control rahega
It is disheartening to see repealing of these revolutionary farm laws. It is the farmers and locals of Punjab and Haryana who will suffer most, since the do not want to adopt change. Groundwater is depleting at an unsustainable rate and Govt will have to keep on buying paddy more than it needs to.
FARMERS protest can further rise the covid infections. Not playing politics but general concern.
Shame on delhi police  . Laati charging on farmers
Happy for the efforts you take for explaining whole farms laws for farmers and I am extremely happy government bring these laws for betterment of one category of people( farmers) but just as we on the other side as I was watching your whole video I would like to know why government didn't thought anything  about the middle man ( another category) because India is country where everyperson has equal rights !!!
Farmer are the soul of India
If farmers don't want these laws then put forward there demands for any other law because farmers are dying in india and can't work with old laws. So what they need in new laws atleast show that. Can't support farmers if they only ask we don't want any policy, that's stupid
My husband said the farmers should own the full supply chain from growing and harvesting crops to production of the end product. This will give them more market power and they can charge competitive prices, especially for foods that are in high demand in organic produce. Indians are becoming increasingly concerned about GMOs and fertilisers so home-grown organic produce is bound to be successful.  
Even bjp.has no simple mind why not put ample number of persons to find out the costing of each products produce by farmers and work our the price for seeking with margin which can reduce tbier dependency on loan from either bank or Sarafi each and every state us having different costing factor if they would have done this no body can argue that there us any loopholes ,to favoure any big corporates so definately no chance if argue ment bjp is slipping like kumbhakaran taken for granted that whatever they are doing is perfect but it's no way true .for 14 crore farmers they can give 1millionnjobs from farmers community itself to take care of any problems ,issues woes from farmers commu nity to address thier problems so then definately nobody can blame bjp govt but bjpnis not sincere about this indpife if implementing farmers crop insurance nbut I am sure it has noway reached 14 crores farmers if it would have reached not even a single farmers have sucide but even bjpnschdme s are turn out to be as good as Congress used to  announce feeling new congress has born. -jaihind har har har mahadev mahadev mahadev.
Communists wanted to develop Afghanistan from a stone age country into a modern one, the afghan people said no and with the help of the USA they defeated the afghan socialists and soviets, the afghan people then choose the taliban who allowed terrorists to use their country as a base to attack the USA, the USA invaded and tried to develop afghanistan from a stone age country into a modern one, the afghan people supported the taliban and even gave US weapons to the taliban, which caused the US to gtfo asap, the Chinese communists then become friends with the taliban and now want to develop Afghanistan from a stone age country into a modern one, i wish the red fools the best of luck
Could this be true?: Import of food grains is cheaper for the Indian government because international prices are low. Some economists have advised the government to import food grains rather buy from the Indian markets. That way the fiscal deficit can be controlled. This thinking guides the three laws. The government can import its PDS needs, and save money both on the storage and purchase. 
Let's be clear on this farmers protest, it is only a small percentage of farmers that protested and large numbers are the middlemen. Ask yourself this question? If this law was evil why didn't the whole farming community of the country protest, that would have made more sense? In retrospect, this is a politically motivated protest same as the CAA and NRI Bill. The people are no fools, they are well aware of it.
I honestly feel farmers were mislead ..mostly genuinely protesters were middle men which are so much in Punjab...though on front it looks farmers didn't want it..so good Modi roll them back..I hope they come up with other reforms..by yes we need reforms..
Now the farmers will need to talk to the supreme court
Modiji i like your costume for this show , best of luck  jai Hind
A farmer can choose if he want to sell in mandi or not. its farmers choice. Jai kisan Jai Bharath
No largely spread misinterpreted information can be cleared in a 10-15 min video. I recommend you all to watch drishti ias's video on farm bills. It talks everything legal , history and present , future , good and bad. Its 3 hours long. But it clears up A to Z everything.
Shameless anchor Padma, Farmers died first in the sequence and instead of starting the debate with that issue, she is talking about the ppl who died later. Obvious that she is running BJP agenda!!
Actually this bill is very good for the farmers in future...why they can't understand the fact...!!
Can't we just make next talk between farmers and government public let's get it on television live so everyone can understand what's going on transparency is must. Let's see whether these top leaders are actually discussing something or not.or they just want chaos
2. Contract farming will be for the crop not land. The farmer will decide the price of his produce before growing.
Bro indeed this farmers are well to do because in india only punjab and haryana farmers were beneficial of msp not other states if msp would have been applied to every state of the country other farmers would have been as posporus as em ..
Farmers never behave in this way.
And what about so-called farmers who killed  4 people.
3. Chief justice of india-- modi man
I am from farmer family and I have seen disaster of farming sector closely since last 40 years. In fact there is severe scarcity of manpower in agriculture sector throughout India. It is time people protesting away from motherland should come back and join the hands with their brothers, sisters, parents and relatives.  Think wisely. What I personally feel that what Modi Govt is doing is need of time and to look into future for betterment of farming sector. One should look possitively rather than shedding crocodile tears.
*Police should stand down. Let the PUBLIC face the Farmer protesters, leaders & politicians who are protesting, disrupting traffic, creating ruckus... violence etc. Let Public face the violence, only then will ghe public take action against these fools and support the police*
We don't see Punjab Kisan leaders , which were generally all the time were seen in the past surrounding Mr. Tikait.  Ex CM, Amarinder is trying to break them out. 
Now people  who are agitating must stop them. Status quo will continue for farmers.
China, you can laugh at us today and you will be correct. No caa, no nrc, no land reform, kashmir back to where it was, no farm reforms. Sporadic lollipop reforms raga can also do. Whats the point of so many seats and modi, shah? Very disappointed today
Yes there is need for change the way we do agriculture, but the problem is all the bills are been drafted by taking consideration of corporates , not farmers.
Finally all the viewers here understood about farm bills and thinking for a solution
Yes farmers are suffering due to this bill or act.. In India farmers conditions are very worst everyday news cames they committed suicide. Justice for farmers... We are all with u... 
You hypocrate media House. Earlier, why he done and now why he repeal...
I have a small request to Scoopwhoop Unscripted to provide a system or facility that can help the people's who want to DONATE or SUPPORT your channel by small amount of rupees because most of people who want to support your efforts but can't due to subscription plans of 200/month or 1200/year. They want to help or support by paying small amounts which can they afford like 10 or 20 or more by there choice like donation which is generally called CHANDA in India and also called VARGANI( in marathi language ).
Well presented...but to be frank with you... your previous video on the new farm laws was matter of fact and objective...but here one can doubt biased interpretation on MSP...how can you guarantee farmers minimum profit if the government discontinues MSP? Plus...how private corporates are going to guarantee  farmers income?... Thanks for the video...
Many tractors no registration plate. Carring weapons.kalistani flag. 40 lakh worth modified tractor was seen. Rich people
WE ARE FARMER NOT A TERRORIST 
Thanks Harp Farmer ||   ||
Common man finished in this raj, this is where the right to farmers and their cause is valid. So the common man should stand for, instead of cribbing about.
The real victory will be visible in 2022. Very soon they will have to pay for every utterance which was aimed to distroy the credibility of the farmers.
Justice for farmer
Thanks a lot for sharing this information in a very simple waysupport farmers
I love my India because of army and kisans and labours because vo log bhut mhenti hote hai...
Seriously farmers think they should only trade with people who are licensed( usually corrupt and politically connected) and not with anyone who gives them the best price.
Punjab is EXPORTING anarchy to UP, Delhi and Haryana for ..... pittance?
Hahahahaha indian opposition is literally opposite of ruling government.....when they wanted laws they opposed it...now they will oppose repealing
Dont mess with farmers
Indian farmers are really great. .
We can see only Police Beating Old Farmers as the Farmers Sons are in the Border Beating Pakistani and Chinese.  They need to come back and stand for there Fathers..
All the farmer association of the world should protest against this brutality....I reqst all the opposition party they should boycott........
Coming after success of farmer 
Genuine covering of farmer movement DIL se
Support the Farmers
Missy in green need to read the farm laws again. Propogating for modi. Silly lady
We need to think about families who have lost their family members. Why Modi/Amit not at all ready to resume the dialogue with farmers and sort out the 3 laws matter
I belive out of my Rs 30 aleast Rs 15 should go to the farmer
Informative . If APMCs and Mandis are so good, then why many farmers are committing suicides?
One day farmers win this fight
Farmers:riot
all the modi bhakts , godi media , etc should listen that the dead man tried to did be-adbi of "guru granth sahib ji" . and many cases are coming of these be-adbis of guru sahib also thats why this hpn , so that galat kaam krne wala 100 baar soche .
I after seeing how they execute surrendered commandos literally request Indian govt to wipe out those coward and cruel inhumane from the world map if ever they take a step on Indian land
So the farmers are 'dying', protesting vehemently, going through the extreme weather, beating police men(as they stopped them from moving in) because of the causes mentioned in the video.
The main question is whether BJP will get any advantage from this in coming elections. 
Election offer- farmers law repeal
Jai farmers Jai farmers 
All India Farmer's & labor unity zindabad
Sir, Can you explain why Bihar Farmer income is one of the lowest if APMC meanance is removed?
Someone said shall double farmers income, now they are troubling the farmers
Farm laws repealed ....But Agricultural reforms are still crying... Without it Indian farming system is going to be unsustainable!
Must all peoples help and support for farmers, 
What is the point of blocking the roads endlessly. There are no talks going on. These farmer unions are not interested in any negotiations. That's what happens when illiterate stubborn people run the unions. I also wonder who is sponsoring all this. Do farmer don't need to do there actual work that is farming. Who is paying their bills. They must have too much free time
Hence, none of the above amendments will give rise to any adverse effect, on farmers earning.
Farm Laws were much needed and long overdue, sadly cud not not be implemented. Anyway good that they have been repealed to break the deadlock. The movement had become highly politicised and hijacked by leftist forces with security of the country at high risk. No need to feel dejected. Modi govt shud get busy in detailed conversation n consultations with all stake holders like farmers, Opposition, agriculture economists, ahratyias to come up with revised n more acceptable form of Farm Laws within next 20 months... Use Amarinder Singh and SAD services. Keep congress on board.
4- Farmers of state of Punjab and Haryana already benefitted from the supportive schemes of both units of federal structure resulting in augmenting their income more than double and uplifting their population and standards of living their of that not only enabled them to send their children abroad but also transform their ability from owing a land to running businesses and real estates.
Procurement of foodgrains should be made through Village Coop (Gram Sewa Sahkari Samiti) instead of Ardthiyas as these Samiti can develop their godowns, Fair Prices shop, Custom hiring centre, Milk Collection centre, Medical store, petrol pump, retail consumer shop, training centre for farmers and so many other things. 
Jai Modi Ji ki: The seed of Khalistan was sowed by Indra ghandi, now the farmers are reaping it. The crop is "KHALISTAN", KISAN ANDOLAN ZINDABAD, GO FOR YOUR OWN COUNTRY. MODI DON'T WANT SIKHS IN BHARAT SO MAKE YOUR "KHALISTAN. THANK YOU ARNAB GOSWAMEE, THANK YOU MODI.
If yogi accepts they he cant handle the Lakhimpur under normal law n order of state n hence using preventive detention to stop legislators going there then it is sufficient a premise that constitutional machinery has failed in the state
Im a blessed Punjaban born in Sikh family. Massive respect to our farmers. My head bows to them &  their struggle 
This is real media coverage not like godi media 
India will never fear Taliban...
We have been made fool by Modi. BJP should suffer in next national elections.
Since we commoners have become aware of what effects social media is bringing into our lifes, we have the added responsibility to bring about all the small corrections in our daily habits. We have an additional responsibility to include the cultural way of life inherent in being Indian,  teach our children to be proud of being Indian. Just like the selfish bad men ensure that their subjects remain strong in numbers  and strength  they train or brain wash the kids to become robots to follow the orders of their ill meaning akkas. They are ill treated right from the time these children, leave there mothers caring arms. However, this indicates that we commoners have to stop being soft with our children. We need to bring about stern changes in the upbringing of our children. We have a target to bring up brave youngsters who will be able to defeat the ignorant terrorists.         I feel the average Indian parent focuses essentially in enhancing his/her professional career, and in other matters leave them pampered and mollycoddle and uneducated to handle the reality of this ugly social manmade creation. I hate the statement " Oh! What can we do?" We are too weak, we are afraid, paranoid, I am petrified,  I don't want to die ? I'll let the evil people have their way. I succumb to the pressures and hide in my holes. Shame on us. We easily backstab anyone for our momentary safety.
Threat of court  probably its their own   Police doing well its a tourism by opposition n  kisans like   Delhi border doing same attacking MLAs  n other officials  even stopping a military convoy  So same doing in.UP Lakhimpur  backed by Khalistani as a  Tshirt with Bhindran wale   printed found   Not kisans  real kisan working in fields      now desperate as   reality of kisan andolan is clear their motive n people   now  aghast  n anguished over so called kisan andolan
Says farm laws were undemocratic, which was passed by the democratically elected party, yet defends the rioters who undemocratically erected Khalistan flag and removed the tiranga.
Just wait n watch...soon we will see the true colour of so called protesting farmers...
Election near ane par aur vote lene k liye sb ne chaal chli hai ye kya mila one year farmers ko road par lakr? But afteralll kisan union zindabad  Congratulations Guys 
Let these fool farmers be poor
Farmers of these two states should not act in such a selfish way!
Is modi sleeping or do I india have a pm, or I don't think it happend but our honorable pm don't knows
Its my understanding, if its true then why farmers r protesting? Its just an optional law.
We stand United with farmers. Down  to modi government
Any government who makes farmers cry..
These all farmers  are big bloody fools.They dont have any right to destroy the governments property and beat the plolice. Now 300 no of police has been injured by these fools (devil's). Even they are misbehaving with our national flag. When i saw this on news it made me aggressive. Every Indian should love and respect the national flag. This is humble request to the  central government  that to take serious action on them.
I was wating for his video on farmers finally people will get to knw the truth 
Farmers you deserve a big salute ! And my sincere support for your focused efforts and protest. The FAKE BJP govt is evil and they will continue with their diversions. Stay focused and your efforts will not go in vain.. Full support to farmers who are leading this protest for all of us patriotic Indians 
How come we dont have these kind of Farmers elsewhere in India?
Respected sir though the three farm laws were for the betterment of our farmers but you must have taken this decision of taking back these laws after much thought. We support you. But you seriously need to do something to eliminate anti nationalists enjoying inside India.
Godi Media may not cover this story
We are with Indian farmers and praying for their rights from Modi government.
I am not for or against the Farm Laws and neither claim to fully understand the issues behind the Farmers agitation. But I understand that the Farmers agitating against these laws and squatting on the Delhi borders for over 60 days know their fears and problems arising out of these laws better than anyone of us including the so called experts. And also that the Government of today has not been able to understand them or address their fears. While agreeing that agricultural reforms or infact reforms in general are a must for a growing economy, I would not say that the farm laws as brought about by the Government are flawless. The speed of enacting laws and their exact nature is a matter of discussion and debate.
Maturity from a leader's point. Still farmers are at loss here.
When Modi can buy two plains during a pandemic why Kisan can't have a comfort break. Try sleeping 107 days on the road. All kisan do go home from time to time for some break. What is wrong if they stayed in the hotel? They have not taken indian peoples money like modi
Millions of farmers across the country will suffer under middleman, local politicians and currupt govt officials for god knows how long.
Mr Modi you haven't saw how many farmers were protesting that's why you are saying that only a part of farmers' community were protesting. Probably few of them who weren't protesting were compelled & helpless due to the financially scarce & poverty ridden environment you have created since 2014... I Congratulate "The" farmers for their victory over tyranny...
Make a Monument in the memory of All the 700 plus fallen farmers in the fight against tyrants of central govt
4. Why can't we promote better FPO/FPC to empower farmer to make better deals rather than always saying that a farmer can't negotiate ???
Bjp is commenting whatever they want then why not farmers says about government
Im saying this as an Indian that partition of India has provided more benefits to Indian than one can realise otherwise we would have to face the issue which Pakistani is facing .
The victory of all farmers 
Rich Farmers, They have Fancy American Tractors !!!
These guys are not farmers. Govt even told to suspend laws for 1.5 yrs and lets have discussion. these guys are not understanding
No one except paid hands and rich farmers in Haryana and Punjab are interested in this protest
this farm bill will effect not just farmers but middle class as well...so stand with farmers, save our country
Rakesh Tikait is a goon who has the audacity to say "hum soochna dete hain, permission nahin lete"..pathetic..no way these goons can be considered annadata
Every one talks law but none uphold it . In Rajasthan farmers are beaten but none talks . Every one talks about farmers deaths but none talks about lynched farmers . Regressive attitude of opposition .
Poor farmers always suffered.
2020 farm laws allows farmers to sell  to any where in india to any one .
DAKAIT TIKAIT on the run now. Apex Court just awaken from sleep new character in FARMERS PROTEST Drama
Again one sided story. Also make video on locals whose livelihood is ruined by this protest. Now farm laws have been repealed but protest continues.
Chor rakesh tikath  what is rate of ganna in maharastra.
Those voilent acts blamed on farmers was actually a cleverly executed drama of the ruling political party members disguised as farmers. This was what actually happened in delhi on republic day and is unraveled later.
Not a single farmer is injured ...
Indian : farmers , student
Heartwarming and Heartbreaking at the same time. Respect Farmers.
opposition and farm bills protestors alliance igniting same Bengal violence in UP before elections.
Its all about angles. This applies to we Indians. We are seeped in mental slavery and blind aping people whom we think are superior and masters. True to break the shackles of mental slavery is more difficult so we Indian should strive hard to break this shackle and Indianize everything top to bottom. If continue to follow our masters we would always be tailing them and remain back benchers. Wearing Indian dresses adopting indian way of life and biases is kind of social taboo.......
We are with you Modiji
3. MSP is a short term solution for farmers but It will be so much harmful in long term to our farmers, economy, and environment.
NOW WHERE IS THE CORONAVIRUS? these farmers have been protesting on streets and roads and grounds Since October 2020!, any medical tests have been done before+after?
No farmer no food  please support farmers they are fighting for amabni adani will rise more food price if they have control on agriculture
I'm so happy these farmers got theor victory. Persistance, resistance
     All Indian farmers
Bjp Party Agenda Promote For Zee Channel Shame for you.
have u spoken to the farmers who are already in this new farm laws and how much more money they are making compared to previous old farm laws
Modi played well. Not surprised, if he can get away with something like 2002, poking farmers and disrupting their movement was never going to be difficult for him.
Well explained about MSP. Though, i don't know, why i can sense some contradictions from your earlier explanation of Farm Bills 4 months ago. For eg. there we understood Rich Farmers will be benefited out of New Farm Bills while here it seems different.
Whole Farmer Law came and went But I didn't understand what was wrong with them...
And does Modi think ,he can win Punjab by repealing the laws?
He is so chilled to roam around nd see now what farmers are going through they are in such a  critical situations.
There can be no unity among farmers. Krishan ekta is just an imaginary phrage. The policies that will help farmers of Panjab, Hariyana and Western Uttarpradesh; will hurt the farmers of Bihar, Karnataka and Maharashtra.
Proud on our farmers love from Jammu and Kashmir
 Before Modi celebrated his 4th birthday,  India created the Atomic Energy Establishment, Trombay (AEET). It was later renamed as Bhabha Atomic Research Centre.
"BJP IT cell head from Delhi resigns, claims party is misleading people". Support with the Farmers! God Bless the Farmers
Following your logic they will just destroy punjab due to their farming methods.
Thanks BBC news you are the one best.  Your eyes always open through the entire world . Indian medias forget about the values and dignity of their job. 
Current law basically has the above law, addition to that farmer's now can sell outside the Mandi and APMC if they can make good profit..
No body has guts to stop subsidy given to these plunderers called farmers, why the farmers who earn lecks and lacks ,move even in  cars ,their children study in prestigious institutions in india and abroad  ,why they are exempted from paying income tax ,why do millionaire farmers get loans later on to vaive the interest and some times principal as well,whe do the electricity free ,get seeds, fertilizer pesticides at subsidised rates ,why why ,can any one answer, these farmers especially those having land holdings more than five acres are curse to nation,they are robbers,looters ,see Takiye moving in luxurious car and other farmers as well ,this is blackmailing, looting nothing else , political parties never take action against these traitors,
For Modi government, I believe this back off is gonna hunt BJP for long time.
Proud of farmers' victory . Long live Kishan movement . Long live democracy secularism & constitution of India . Fascist government murdabad.
Then what about the farmers of other states. The government should assure MSP for farmers of all states so that all farmers can take benefit of MSP. Then MSP assurance would be a valid demand.
After this, I'm concerned about what kind of a media we have. And specially these foreign media houses like BBC who would criticise when laws are introduced but would support when laws are repealed because of mis reporting. Sad day!
Almost 700 farmers died. 
Farmers protest, and tractor rally was peaceful..... It was provoked by bjp goons with the help of Delhi police...... Same script as modi and godi tried to malign Shaheen bagh peaceful protest..... Delhi gunda police deserve this
Great to See Vice News Reporting About Farmer Bill and Sikhs Emotions . But Can Vice News Courage to own Administration that US And Canada want to force India Govt don't giving MSP to Farmers in India .
Please shoot this video again in Hindi. It needs to be circulated amongst the agitating farmers too, who are suspicious of the govt's intentions.
I don't understand what was the point of stopping the farmers at New Delhi border & all this mess, if in the end they were allowed to enter the capital. 
We support zee news
Its unfortunate that might is always right. The silent 90% of farmers who were going to get the benefit kept silent. Hope they will realize their folly. Amen
All education, technology, research, science, business politics fail if we do not have ability to solution farmers need!  We need food for living not need fake promise. He is a food productor, peoples loves farmers. Everyone should remembers food not grow in any multinational company, bank or any Department... Food grow in the farmers field only.
But farmer have other problems
We must respect our farmer's 
By the way ,I am all a Indian sugarcane farmer
No more support to farmers. Shameful act. Govt must take strict action.
This is the wheat sowing season, the potato planting season, the pulses planting season. Farmers protesting in Delhi, means their lands are going fallow in Punjab and Haryana.
When you sleep in warm blanket, there are farmers sleeping( protest) out in winter
If the Govt fixes reserve price for every item and restrict the private companies to sell at higher prices, then definitely Farmers as well as general public will be benefited by the new laws. Under new laws, Farmers are  free to sell their yield to either APMC or any other company which pays them highest rate. This will help double their income.Anyway,why can't the farmers try to think positively and give a chance  ? We should have trust in the elected Government, since no party or no leader likes to  put the people of their country in risk and invite trouble to their own party.
We have lot of other issue, this strike is only Limited farmers are doing stop it by all the way
This video proves what BJP is capable of...the self-proclaimed Hindu saviors are very dangerous people who can go to any extent to stay in power....India must unite now to throw this Government....sooner the better for India...
I come from farmers family, not into grains and pulses though.
Jay Farmers.....!!!
God bless farmers.., 
With tears and love from  to farmers of India
Really great Job Rakesh ji.. God Bless you all Farmer's
I appreciate your effort, at least a youtuber step up to show true picture in front of people who doesn't know anything and they just start posting against farmers. 
Media man is so poor in conversation. He is bloody BJP man in journalist face.
Perfect data presented for land holding patterns in the rural areas as also  land less labourers numbers . Further fragmented land holdings, unviable land holdings and non existence of adequate agro processing units have compounded the problem. Infact ,in initial years of NDA govt . this aspect was  focussed  and couldn't be implemented bcz of the hue and cry raised by all these opposition parties / vested interests in the name of farmers .Thru this bill ,farmers have been given freedom to sell their produce according to their choice but again attempts are being made that factual information does not reach to all concerned .Your program has brought out facts, including its background, and explained the bill  in a simplest way.
UP, Punjab, KCR and lastly farmers - effort to placate all....sabka saath sabpe raaj
so the conclusion of your report is mandi owners are in loss not farmers
Alot of police beating old elderly  farmers.? Where is the dharma?
Have u thought why do only male farmers protest why not female farmers?
The govt need to be stop the violence and govt cannot allow repeated incidents happened on 26th January 2021. If you misused your freedom and this is what happens in Delhi. I have greater sympathy for the farmers.
Support to farmers 
Thanks Harp Farmer channel for this
1. Corporates have problems in buying from farmers because all States had different rules and regulations for buying and selling of food grains from farmers
That the farmer got his justice does not matter how long the case lasted for how many years
Huge respect to these farmers protesting...
He didn't get any WhatsApp message supporting Taliban that is where he become baised.
He is democratically elected PM of India ! Modi ki policy pe sawal uthao  , as a person usey target kyu kr rhe? 
I love India.  Yea for thee farmers.I use to farm with my Grandpa!
Real news.i support farmers of India
Is it true that the Bihar farmers and other farmers sell it in Punjab and Haryana. ??
Translate "seperate the tribes" to "seperate the Afghan Taliban from the Pakistani Taliban. I like my translation better.
Just a question, if something is not in favour of people then people can oppose it by protests and all (yes there was violence here) but the voice is heard here of farmers so, is this a good thing that people's voice is heard ?
First we need to trash media in india
The sins of Modi/rss against people, decency and democracy of India are just too great to be excused.
M double m.a ...m getting angry  when l think my future is hands of modi who even not 8pass ....and another leader s also...pls youth wake uppppp ...and protest against bjp....
Great Work was done in the interest of the Nation. Congratulations..! May God Bless You.   Most of the  APMCs are not ready to implement eNAM in the interest of  Farmer!
One of the reason of not shifting farmers from paddy and rice to others, may be because paddy and rice are much less prone to insects and need less care as compared to maize and other crops.
Whatever... Why government haven't taken the confidence of farmers before placing bill in Parliament...
Big Win for Farmers. Now bring the MSP for the farmers.
Achche din for farmers..
Irony is, most people commenting here in support of this new farm laws are the ones who are never going to be directly affected by these laws. 
Bro one thing you missed is , In the Price bill it says .....A farmer can come out of the agreement with a corporate without paying any penalty , but a corporate has to pay penalty if it goes back on the agreement .
Jai Modiji.We are with you and Nation.
I am modi supporter but the way they are protesting i think gov should take their law back
It's a pity that the government is so scared that they are not letting the farmers to put across their views.
Three steps forward , one step backward. A perfect war principle. Poor people r mostly ignorant. They r misled. Dont worry Modiji, , your goodwill will be fruitful someday.
I support the farmers!!!!!! May their protest be successful.
When u talk of transparency, Can u compare an  non-educated poor farmer with educated /corporate city guy who understands Sensex listing. What's this comparison ?
Brigade of bjp SUVs run over farmers but nobody knows who's is it even though everyon knows , UP Bihar, heartland of criminals and religious scammers turned politician and  because of uncontrolled population already defunct education system has no chance to cope so this is so called Hindi heartland 
They were not ready for discussion on farm bill but now want discussion on repealing of farm bill 
Even the middleman (such as your local fruit vendor) adds value by providing both, consumers and the farmers with convenience. Consumers and farmers both dont need to travel far to get the best price.  Please dont paint middlemen in the wrong light. If there are multiple middlemen, that can definitely be reduced.
Jawan too is son of a farmer 
These corporate owned channels and their godi presenters. Well batted Mr Rakesh Tikait
Agriculture..is the part and parcel of indian culture...JAI..KISAN..
If he was from farmers family He would not tell them to turn away and go
finally. the farmers brought down the mighty tree that is the bjp rss combined including godhi media
Thanks for reporting on farmers issue NDTV.. only hope in true and honest journalism
I think Bengal should cancel rally fr BJP
The government says there will be an MSP, but can it assure whether procurement will be done at MSP. Can it give a written assurance that farmers will get MSP for their produce? questioned one of the many farmers protesting against the bills.
Why is the government acting silly. Farmers are the backbone of our economy. They should be out there in fields not on roads. Please make peace with the farmers. 
Farmers & these people died not leaders son or Leader, Went to kill farmers, got killed too, sad news God is watching everything 
Hi @abhiandniyu, appreciate your work . Suggest of you can create your next video along with "Dhruv" , then it will surely help the farmers a lot.
Mr. Shekhar Gupta: I am pointing out another case of the government's inaction. We know our most difficult neighbor is Pakistan and Pakistan's brain sits in Lahore, a city of 1.25 crore population and the capital of its most populous province Punjab. Both Lahore and Amritsar are considered twin cities. Dr. Manmohan Singh wanted to reach out to the intelligentcia of Lahore from its closest window in Amritsar. He started the construction of an FM tower 300 meters high in 2006, but 15 years in the works, this high powered external service radio station has not become operational. Pakistan is talking to Amritsar using a battery of 6 radio transmitters 3 high powered medium-wave transmitters and 3 FM transmitters. In return we can't make even one high powered FM transmitter operational. Modi government's left hand does not know what its right hand is doing.
So why do Punjabi farmers benefit from MSP while the other Indian farmers do not. That's not fair either. So either all farmers should get MSP or none at all.
Bjp son hit the farmers and now 4 farmers are dead, so that we did it ,okkkkkkk
Ok so after seeing the entire video, you have just reiterated the Think Tank(Niti Aayog) 2018 report about reducing the procurement of wheat and rice from Haryana and Punjab. Alright, I get your point, but what everyone should keep in mind is its India that we are living in, and the current govt just acts on a whim and doesn't involve the people like educating them. What you have not described in this video is the impact of these upcoming bills on a farmer! Yes I totally agree that the APMCs need to be fixed but the system works there are problems but it works and we all know what happened with GST, demonetisation etc.
Obviously, a similar situation cannot be ruled out for local goods traded by the local small farmer vis a vis his corporate clients. 
Then these law can be implemented by state government. That will help the state eventually and that state could become a role model of prosperous farmers
Hence instead of this Mindset ( mentality) that best quality will get MSP and anything else will get below MSP on gradual level is wrong. This is exploitation mentality and results are Farmer suicide who couldnt sustain
One day Indian will proud on you...Ravish sir thousands salute
THEY LOVE AND VERY MUCH FOND OF, RATHER BECOME HABITUAL OF "ANDOLAN". THEY DON'T WANT TO LET TRAINS RUN IN PUNJAB BECAUSE THEY HAVE PERSONAL VEHICLES FOR TRANSPORT. POORS ARE FACING PROBLEM BECAUSE RAILWAYS IS THE LIFE-LINE OF INDIA.
Stopthe Indian Police violence against these peaceful farmers.  Indian police state.
Why are all protesters here Panjabis? Why have they come to UP to protest ? Are there no kissans in up , bihar or west bengal ? Where from are they getting huge money to roam over india without doing any work? They are not any way farmers.
It seems the 3rd Party other than the farmers or common man (tax payers) are going to make the most profit.  Thank you for this video sir. 
I urge govts to withdraw APMC CESS  which farmer need to pay..
No farmers, no food
i guess they will leaves their job as protest , to farm laws repeal.
Give the farmers right
this is resistance against neo liberalism .farmers of india leading  in agriculture.
Had the farm laws are made to help the farmers, there is no need to Repeal the same at this point, but for Political gains.
I am a Pakistani. I love your show. I hope people support your great show.. You are a very intelligent and trusted person to give us facts about the news. You make many things in current affairs very interesting. Love to India and please everyone remember their are no devils in India or Pakistan. Peace is our future. Together we will live in peace and happiness. Enjoy our great culture and food and travel. All terriosts are bad for us all. Keep up your good show. Punjabi people love peace.. Our sikh brothers and sisters need to be understood. Not rail roaded. Sikhs are very brave people. With kind hearts. And honest and loyal Indian citizens. They should not be called traitors. Let's live in peace and understanding.. Reform is needed but with consent. Lot's of love to you all.
Modi government should accept the demands of the farmers give them there wrights every one is United against injustice..modi has no wife or kids he doesn't understand the problems of farmers and there family's
Only punjab farmers!
 When Modi turned two, India held its first general elections in 1952.
Abhijit lyer --- I feel like anti hindu speeches & some of missing realastic hystory of Hinduism in India. And showing sympathetic speech about hindus. Im agreed that there is misleading in hystory becouse of i think Congress but currently  not done because of bjp stonge leadership.
Now Kissan is on the lowest level of poverty and in dying stage . Legal MSP is the essential Right of Farmers . If not done Farmers getting low money and Consumers paying high money to Wealthy stockist will be the biggest looser . That is going to be India's Historical Disaster
PM Modi would cowed down to anything.He repealed farm laws.A frightened PM fearing break up of the Union from 3 cornersHe may even put back article 370 to restore Kashmiri autonom.
Nice video on farm bill 2020.. I have seen many video but couldn't  understand when I have seen ur video , I have understood every process and new term about farm bill 2020.. Thanku Sir
During Meetings, Centre ensured MSPs, they will make ammendments for that.. They have Also given that they will allow Civil Courts in these bills.. But the farmers protestors didn't wanted that also.. They only wanted to take 3 bills bcoz they are middleman and not the farmers
Govt is ready to give assurance about MSP  in written format but not willing to mention in particular law...that's hypocrisy...how can be this explained? Your video is more tilted toward "Problems of APMC laws" rather than "what potential threat can be generated by private players if they allow to procure agril product below MSP ?".... When govt can change previous APMC acts, and can build new laws to make cold storage and can make another provisions for quick and efficient transportation of agricultural products then why to give such grand way to private market players to control economy? Why cooperative structure (very well established and proven best in Maharashtra and Gujarat in case of Sugarcane industry n Milk production respectively) or Farmers produce organization FPO is not given more attention than giving more control to few capitalist family?
You make us crying dear   !!  Seeing is believing    after 1984  sikhs was portrayed  as separatist  or khalistanis  bcz of the media wasn't  showing  the real pictures  !now this generation  has seen what kind of peoples are these 3% who always stood for INJUSTICES  whether its on them or someone's  else  this is a teachings of our gurus
Farmers Struggle will bring new era of Democracy
Only 6% farmers sell at MSP . Please tell this fact also .whole MSP system is flawed . Total subsidy to farmers cost 3,60,000 cr in 2019 that more than indian defense budget now let that sink in & MSP is only for 23 notified crops not all r covered .
Adani Agent Modi will bring back Adani Farm law after elections. Continue protest until Agent's defeat.
I completely object ur analysis,  u may even think hoisting Pakistan flag beside India flag is also correct because they are just 0.01%
This unruly mob collection in the name of farmers must be crushed by arresting 30-40 kisan netas and putting them behind bar.
More than 750 farmers died in order to open their eyes.
Two heavyweights of Punjab and Maharashtra were ruined with these bills.
If we consume organic then the seller prefer to buy crop from organic farmer. Then farmers grow organic food. Soil gets its fertiliy.
PM MODI IS A INCOMPUTANT PMIME MINISTERS , INDIA EVER RECIVED , AFTER OUR INDIPENDANCE.
The new laws do have the potential to improve the financial  condition of farmers( IMF Chief economist Gita Gopinath had too said this ), but has it's own loopholes which can be misused against the farmers. 
Iam a hindu but I believe more in humanity than in religion or any party... Idont care whether its BJP OR CONGRESS - All i want is peace for my indian brothers and sisters..
Tikait ji yeah tho bol do yaar Vote for BJP only...
BJP people top to bottom ready tell lies haryana BJP CM is also not exceptional
I support farm laws. Anti-farm law protests are itself anti-farmer and anti-national. Period.
Even if these 3 bills still becomes a reality, think of middlemen who would ensure small farmers that they would transport their yield and sell it at higher prices in far off locations. As small farmers wouldn't have the time and transport capability to drive at least 100 km. Think of taxes levied on state borders on farmers who are transporting their yield in different states. Now all the highways are going to be flooded with tractors and cause a lot of traffic. Get on ground reality and then make decisions.
Jai ho farmers 
This will help the Government Propoganda of doubling the farmers income by 2022
AAP MLA's & members are posting a lot of videos on this channel about BJP&INC's corruption but the problem is we don't have many followers on this platform. To increase the awareness level we must have to focus on increasing the subscribers of this channel. If we can comment on this channel, why can't we comment & request on other channels to subscribe AAP YT channel? If you agree with me then the main question that arises is how & where we can request others to subscribe to this channel. We can request to subscribe to this channel in different languages by sharing the link. We can target every news channel, political party channel, vlogs, etc. through an emotional & morally correct caption. This way we can help this party to grow across pan India. 
70 farmers lost their lives till now, only intention of our current government is to make their corporate friends rich and common people suffer . Due unorganised lockdown on  22 March 2020 onwards is the major disaster for the citizens of India. Modi already sold most government company to his friends. But modi forgot farming is not a business for farmers it's a religion not for only farmers for all them who eat food today. 
Why the farmers vote for bjp? Farmers will continue their protest
No one can stop kisan specially punjabi jatt don't forget if there is no punjabi sikh in army there is no india
WHICH PARTIES SUPPORT TO FARMERS TRANSPARENTLY ,IN FUTURE MY SUPPORT TO THOSE PARTIES ONLY- JAI SRI RAM
Never seen these protests in any of the MSM in India  not even in Social Media.
The government should fullfill the all needs and aspirations of farmers of our country.......and then farmers will decide it should implement or not
These are not farmers they are bloody goons. Who gave the right to rights to beat someone to death . I think police should do much more .
Saw the full video he  said farmers are feeding water and food, see videos today farmers beating the crap of police
Why to have elections when we can frame laws or repeal from roads...dissolve all parliament and let some brokers and opposition decide what to do
Finally our Legend Farmers Won 
Don't blame farmers.. please don't scold farmers... If we agree this farmers bill ,we won't get food for all..farmers who lose their rights...
One nation one election is wrong...he is right power of democracy is being crushed .. tomorrow BJP will come up with one nation one party same as Russia and China..
This is why i hate politics..it's really dirty I just feel pity for the farmers taking so much hardships..if the govt listen to them this would nevr happen.
I agree with Rakesh Tikait saheb
more power to you. respect from pakistani punjab
Modi ji all your good efforts are being detailed by this gunda Tikat
I don't have enough economic and farming acumen to definitively have an opinion on these bills, but from this video its apparent neither does Mr shekhar.
In my opinion the laws should have been withdrawn months ago because one can easily see that lakhs of people in guises of farmers have surrounded Delhi and they were entrenched so much that they could have surrounded Delhi for not only months but years together. 
Feel proud on farmers, Respect  
Being a teacher I wanted to know about farm bills in detail...thanks for giving detail information in such a simple way...thank you sir for making your videos available for common ppl..
Will the farmers get MSP outside the APMC i.e. in the private markets as well ?
He is TOTALLY MISLEADING. It is NOT the small farmers, but mostly the MIDDLEMEN who are protesting.
bill passed now they are trying to capture farmers attention for upcoming Elections if they really oppose then why Akali Dal still with BJP.
Speaking reality, not sure Indian Army can do it what Americans left incompleted. one more thing is though India capture the Afghanistan it will bring us only the unwanted enemity with Taliban and we may get hit by all three Taliban, Pakistan and China simultaneously and not sure India can manage all these three if they join together.
Mam aap farmers ke old bill or acts jo unka exploitation karte h uspe bhi videos bnaiye
1. Did from now onward any system created any approach for a poor farmer to let it grown crop be sold directly to mall or supermarket chain
Farmers are everything.....please listen them......
It's just majboori not beacuse Farmers were protesting. Modi called them "Andholan jeevi" BJP politicians called them "Khalistani"
Where is our some farmers to whom Delhi police kidnapped
MSP is main Demand of all Kisans ,Kisan Ekta Zindabad,SKM is a great Organization of Kisans
Rakesh tiketh ase chair nhi miegi neta banne k liye
I think farmers deserve highest salary. But this is devasting to know that they suffer the most.
The irony fact, that there are draught places in India where water is big commodity for farmers but govt can't give them, but when farmers are protesting they have huge tankers. May all farmers be blessed in this country. Kisaan hai, toh hum hai!
And everyone knows what happens in court  when bjp is in power and if farmer loses their land can they win against big corporate no way
Support farmers and app party
On 25th September, Bharat baand in support of our Farmers
Khalistan zindabad,,,we are with farmers
Bjp  Its election time  so sacrifices for vote bank  ! 
Being a farmer daughter, we are not terrorists they are treating us brutally ,it seems like we are coming from a different country , we have different nation ,we have no democracy for ourselves . Being these things apart we are not gonna stop , we don't want these bills and this time too we will win 
6. If the other states offer the same MSP to their own farmers, why is subsidized wheat/rice a problem?
*Koi Yeh Na Soche Ki India Ko Hi Problem Hogi Taliban Se Pakistan Mein Sabse Bure Din Bhi Aa Sakte Hain,So We Pray For Both The Countries Protection *
I liked your channel but from today i am going to unsubscribe this channel because i am daughter of farmer.....i followed you because of sushant singh you were right about this.....please collected more information about farmers of punjab....this bills are death warrant for farmers
Good news for kishan.bjp going down.
Farmers needs the assurance from goverment. Modi government is in favour of private players. 
please read the laws they are good for farmers in india
Thank you so much sir nahin now I have a very clear idea on farmers bill thank you
BJP should re-think about farm bill ,farmers will not bend at any cost . Farmers and soldiers cannot be forced to bend and they are the pillars of our country .
Dhruv brother you are unaware of true facts. Initially all farmer union leaders decided to perform tractor parade on ring road but later due to unkown reasons they changed their decision on midnight of 25th january to march on route given by delhi police. This created confusion and anger among all protestors. Therefore people decided to march on initial route against the permission of delhi police. From this you can understand that deep sidhu and lakha sidhana weren't responsible for any action but the union leaders are truly responsible. Coming towards the red fort topic, is it an offense to raise farmer's flag and nishan sahib on empty pole where there was no tricolor at all? Is it legal in our constitution for RSS to raise their flag on red fort? Rules must be same for everyone. Moreover if you say that red fort is highly prestigious and respected site of india then is it okay for our PM to sell this public property to dalmia bharat group for span of 5 years in exchange of money? Mr Rathee, you can't prove farmers guilty and justify others without stating true facts. Now when you decide to make video on something , please be aware of each and every fact and must provide the every side of story.
Planned routes were not good, those were outside capital. And Indian Flag is waiving at highest position. Moreover that Flag is not Khalistani Flag, that is Nishan Sahib. And Modi Govt sold Red Fort to private company Dalmia but no one questions.
The bills made for people welfare., but if farmers not satisfy, then why government  implement it forcefully 
I was big supporter of bjp but from now I will never vote bjp
Excellent SKM & Tikait supportive move to resolve Kisan Andolan Agendas in Right Direction.... Zindabad
don't  you  understand  ,,,what  the  farmers  new  law  says
ex farmer minister of ncp and present congress chief minister of punjab also 
tikait & others don't go to farmers committing suicide in Maharashtra, Is it because not getting any fund for going there & is congress ruled state???????????
Also huge thing is not able to sue companies for not paying the farmers. All liability is written out of the bill. This is what killed sugarcane and other farming practices in punjab. Only rice and wheat now since they have msp and farmers dont get exploited by the companies that have prime minister in there pocket.
Cunning move taken by BJP with the upcoming UP elections  in mind. Dangerous party for all the working class people. We should teach them a lesson in the elections like southern states TN and Kerala
All the farmers will stop protesting if govt announce minimum price of buying produce from farmers. 
Jo v hota h achhe ke liye hota hai..you guys are fighting not only for farmers but for india
An hour back i switched on to TV news channel where Z News showing some Mandir Features, an other channel showing Imran Khan and Pakistan, and few more were showing Indian Army weapons and machinery. As if everything is perfect, this Sunday is going perfect according to TV point of view. Now it seems pretty much clear how the channels and shows are plotted according to a type of ideology and to convert your perception.
Please go through this article by Ramesh Inder Singh Mandher IAS. Former Chief Secretary Punjab Govt. to understang the whole issue related to farmer's protests. May also like to share with your friends and groups
Being a politician if he is supporting the farmers than what is the problem with this shameless anchor
Brilliant Presentation. Needs to be shown on TV and Media all over Country. Buy from local Farmers Directly. No need to let ANYONE exploit us anyways. Cheers!!!
700 innocent farmer died #justice
Salute for the farmers.
hats off to scoopwhoop...you did an extremely amazing job by showing the actual ground reality. This is how actual protest is going on.  Amidst "godi" media  barking khalistani, terrorist and all bullshit, your content is what makes me  relieved that true journalism is still there. Our farmers are very well educated and know how to take a stand against wrong. I am overwhelmed by seeing their unity. More power to them! Jai Jawaan Jai Kisan!
The only victory many obsolete parties will get to celebrate is, as they're calling it, Kisan diwas.
People should watch dr vikas divakirti sir to know about farm bill . How can people understand about a bill in just 15 minutes ?
We support Farmers. Farmers feed us food. Farmers now protest for every Indian and Indian's future. Protect our Farmers from Sanghis.
Farmers are not allowed to this farmer meet, whats the point then?
Great salute to farmers 
Superb reporting Arfa ji stand with farmers
owners of agricultural land in Punjab who have not set foot in India for
The farmers are just asking for certain assurances.
This govt. Is like TANASAH , we r children of farmers  can't tolerate ,  stop Modi - 19
The Farm laws are repealed so why will they will not continue the protest thanks.
Congratulation to all real farmers
Dear Sir,  Tikait Saab's detailed explanations in this interview is simply very fantastic, Sir. Hats off to you, Sir. Dear Sir,  the Ads appearing in your videos, also, simply very supportive and also superb,  Sir. Salaams. 
But these laws were already introduced in abroad and proved to be disastrous. These laws also states that no tax needed to be paid for private sector, clearly indicates that it should increase privatisation. If Privatisation is introduced farmers are prone to be fooled by corporate companies whose agenda is only profits. As we know the literacy rate of farmers is comparatively low, they will not be able to understand the company policy and conditions before signing any agreement. In order to protect our farmers I think government should be involved and help farmers through the process.
Lastly MSP: You the reader needs to understand that it should be the minimum base price that the farmer should get not the maximum. And even if you don't like MSP atleast ask your MLA that why products bought under MSP prices ,the savings aren't passed on to you. Maybe we need a MSP proce on each product instead Of MRP to show how much the traders are making on these goods. 
By remaining silent, modi protected india from getting blacklisted.
Giving example of land acquisition bill depicts the poor research behind this topic. BJP had an alternate bill where states were given the power and most of the NDA states implemented it and you can check how much national highways ,airports ,SEZS, industry has been developed in BJP vs non BJP states .
Punjab saved Indian Democracy once again.
Thank you for putting this out there and bringing awareness to this issue. The Indian farming community needs this and everyone's support now more than ever.
Amul has monopoly in milk market.... Did it hurt farmers economic situation or it improved farmers situation? 
Two of my cousins are farmers by choice and are supportive of this law, but the unfortunate situation is:
God Bless All the Farmer for all their hearts desires to be fulfilled by the Power of the Holy Spirit.
This protest will change alot of things . Good journalism will get alot more attention. Godi media will be discriminated on big scale . Punjabi peoples love and courage will be world popular.
This is the Best lecture on Farm bills.Very well explained sir.Thank U Dristi.
It is not because of the elections that the government took back the laws but to save the country from Anti Indian parties
ha ha ha... Modi's Politics...FARMERS LAWS HAD TO BE DEPLYED IN THE NEXT TERM, AFTER 2024. MUSLIMS LAWS WAS ENOUGH FOR THIS TERM.
Ehhhh... Rest okay but you kind of missed the part where along with delaying the government is also offering to amend certain portions of the law according to their demands. They have organized 12 rounds of talks with the farmers but the farmers want a complete repeal. Another thing, the background on the need for these laws is kind of scanty and maybe a little too conveniently presented. Hope you research more on it and present another episode. Such partial evaluations build a very ill informed and strong narrative which kind of sucks
Can farmers stop the work and how can we eat ?
This is a big win for the farmers, after almost a year of protest and 700 deaths, the government was forced to scrap the farm laws.
Petrol price na open market ge bittaga petrol price decrease aguthe antha helthiddralla sir... But a rithi aglilla.... Maybe government evaga hige helthide farmers olledu aguthe... Antha.... ?
Crocodile shedding tears before election ? Crores of rupees spent on agriculture ? You made 5x more the amount spent by increasing Petrol/Diesel/Gas price. Jab Pichwada(Election) pe padhti hai, ache achon ke nikal padhti hai. Ye punjabiyo ne bjp ko aur andhbhakts ko achi tarha se samjha diya.  Wake up India.. BJP is not here to make sab ka saath sab ka vikas. BJP is here to divide and rule.
Shame on bjp .they making cry to those who  r full tear in eye , india is ntg without  farmer ,it happening under our prime Minister  modi its really shame .even  though  I m only  15 year I can understand  this but  it's really shame
6. Misguided or not, kindly explain how the service bound/employed middle classes and small manufacturing businesses matter here? How will they gain or lose through these new laws? Or are they of no importance because they don't fit anywhere? Neither too rich, nor too poor, neither living on streets, nor agricultural land owners, neither jawan nor kisaan, but important enough as a voter due to sheer number, to have pro and anti govt propoganda targeted at them. Does the farmer give food free to them? Will the farmer not want MSP to be increased for himself, even if at the cost of retail price being increased for middle class consumers?
The protest began since many days demanding for revoking the farm laws which is seen as curse more than boon by protesting farmers. Many lakhs of farmers came together with their tractors as symbol of farmers and marched toward the capital. The intention of the protesters was to show that the revoking of farm laws is not the demand of few but of the majority who represented farmers of India.
But farmers are not getting the MSP  outside APMC for rice and wheat.
Very informative.. the laws are beneficial to the party that has the best legal team and which is more sneaky..which sadly the farmers are not.. they don't have the time or the legal capability to fight legal battles for years incase of an issue.. and yes they will increase the price of everything directly for the common Indian.. time based fixed inflation..
Every citizen should awake and support the Kisan andolan !!
In body blood is essential, in nation like India farmers are essential
INDIAN FARMERS MUST PROTEST FOR PUNISHMENT AND COMPENSATIONS ON THIS PREPLAN ATTACK.
Support from PAKISTAN
PEOPLE OF HARYANA REQUESTED KHATTAR SAAB KO TAKE CARE OF THESE FARMERS ELSE THEY WERE THREATING TO TAKE ON THE FARMERS THEMSELVES.
in India,about 60% are farmers, that is a 700-800 million people, in US, the number is about 2 million, 350-400 times difference. but US can provide enough grain to world market to compete with India's grain, with the same price, if we use $2000 a year (average income in India) assume India farmers can make that much by selling their products,  American farmers, let say not 350-400 times difference, but only 100 times difference, American farmers can earn $200,000  a year.  US farmers got lots of benefit from government, such as gasoline price, when US gas was $1.50 per gallon (4 liters),  price for farmers was $0.25 per gallon, that is 18 rupee per gallon or 4.25 rupee per liter. Can Indian farmers get that price for gasoline?? Gasoline in India now is 102 rupee per liter.
Thanks for supporting farmers.
Must have dealt khalistanis like Indra gandhi! And only Punjabis are only farmers in india?
This issue should not be about politics and should be  about the welfare of the farmers
majority media, executive, corporates, propagation all against farmer, still they fought for 2 years and they won
Support you Modiji on your every decision. Great PM of our country. Proud of you. Small farmers will now understand the benifits of these 3 laws.
This incident surely changed our perception of farmers as helpless and ignorant lot.
So you discussed about farmers with out farmers in those meetings to create laws. Its shows how one sided decisions and ruling is going in India.
Farmers protest nhi h ye ab anti BJP propanganda chla rakha h.. enke leaders k pass koi meaningful talk nhi h.. aur political harktein karni b hain to peacefully krlo kyun faltu m jagh jagh road block Krna h enko..
Why was mainly Punjab and Sikhs were offended by the farm reforms ?
0:52 Really? Due to some farmers, and BJP government took a step back, we aren't fools, you have lost your credibility, Mr Prime Minister, RSS sanghi.
Kuch logon ko aadat hai bheed dekhkar chalne ki.....ye farmer nai hai doston.....the real thing behind this showdown is to encourage anti social elements and innocent misguided irrational peole of this country ......the common indian doesn't understand the real conspiracy coz of the complexity of the issue .....unhe bas bheed dikha do aur wo aankh band karke chal dete hain
farmers protests is a slap against NDA.
70% farmers supported the reforms but sadly they are completely consumed in their occupation. Only the rich factions could afford to protest for an year, block highways, and not have to worry about their farms.
Narendra Modi has delivered final blow to the Sikh farmers by incorporating laws which will ultimately convert Sikh land owners into landless bonded labor.   
Governments in the centre and the state of UP ,should rise above petty politics and allow the law  to give justice to  farmers and Capital punishment to murderers and lynchers.
Today India lose a war against some bhadbe     now I know how hard to reform India but I believe in Modi not today but some day no one can stop agriculture reforms
Farmers only decides selling price....
Helpless PM  .PM delay justice. Farmers  victory. PM like a school  kid exam fear  PM election fear result ahead counts
These r not farmers ,these r naxalis
So u expect our farmer to be poor... yeh tumhe dekha nahi ja raha hai..
4 Supporters: People across world who support taliban and shariah system supply money through hawala transactions to taliban.
Sir you are totally wrong. Do you think you are better then Modiji,? No no no, you can give your opinion but not your conclusion 
Rakesh Tikait is impressive.
That's why election is so much important in India
So farmers eventually turned out to be khalistani on republic day now we can say some news was true on tv news
Not only punjab and haryana but all farmers
It is time now for them open their eyes and accept that these BJP leaders are gundas  and India will become gundaraj. We all should come together to stop this.
I thinks BJP goes toward end when all opposition parties are not in favor of farm Bill's
Bjp has dug its own grave. Coming elections will tell BJP how people feel about its governance.
Over 140 farmers martyred in just 2 months and government didn't uttered a word.
He is like uddhav thakre and born to defame goodwill of father by their support to wrong people.... He never speak on Punjab Contract farming since last 20 years, No agri loan waiver by congress in Rajasthan , Chattishgarh as per their manifesto...  He is not focused on small farmers issues and advocates interests of big farmers
wow, hats off to the punjab farmers .........GOD BLESS THEM
Jab Kisan Mare ja rahe  the tab modi ji isliye chup the Kyunki use Samay Chunav nahin tha
Looks like arnab is crying. Not sure whether to talk supportive or against the farm law. Till today he was favorable for the law. Today started crying...
I dont like bad khattar nd haryana  police is also very bad nd shamless guys in police, they dont care about  farmers , now election are near so plz give ur vote to best nd kind heart person, who save our country
Uttar Pradesh bachao and Modi hatao immediately and permanently.
Modi just pushed farmers back in the colonial era.....
Very good interview. But he has evaded the reply. He is a confused person. He is misguiding the innocent farmers. He will not succeed.
The saddest part of all is that they do not even know what they are protesting. Please read the bill. Please talk to the government.  Please do not listen to middle man, please do not listen to those who want to devide india .
MSP means Minimum selling price or Minimum support Price, pl clear it mam
 2 second thing police is alowed to carry tera gas water cannon and lathis nd on other side farmers are not alowed to take tractors and the tractors u show were not modified 
It was pure political compulsion. Had the opposition also supported the bills, the farmers would have benefited, rather they took it as an opportunity to corner the government.
BJP is doing big drama these days. Begs votes in the name Taliban and Pakistan but jaishankar made a meeting with Taliban last month. BJP thought they will make lot of money by investing in Afghanistan from its lithium reserves. But now 3 billion Indian money is put into dustbin....!!!!
Modi , shah Eyes are on punjab....as capt amerendar singh resings... but something is happening behind 
U criticize him where it's due, but at least let him carry out some reforms. The Agricultural sector needs a makeover, instead of letting grains rot in the Government warehouses, let there be a free and open market where the farmers can sell their produce and we, the consumers, can benefit
Why only punjab farmers are unsatisfied with the farm laws. I am from Uttar Pradesh and here I can see no farmer support this protest.
Modi needs to change his actions and laws for panjab and Panjabi farmers.  He must not do what the british did to panjab.  He has been elected to look after his people.  That means panjabis as well as gujrati.
Modhi did not back out he took stratagic step back.. the distructive elements left over from nehru gandhi time and congress and communists terrorists  have worked for this step back let us be patient and c how modiji takes srep forward. And ends these elemrnts.
How this media is so sure that they are kisan....media trial chalu....yeh kaise journalist
If farming was so lucrative in India under old rules, then why did these farmers move to overseas countries?
Not weak, those who go back two steps, whether it is a lion, Swatantraveer or Modiji, now you also join hands, don't force them to jump far..
I just don't get it that why are some people in India are opposing the Farmers ( who in this case are right ) and not the government. Why are people like Kangana is calling these Farmers, who are precious and backbone of India, terrorist ?
Now the poor farmers will suffer further kudos to them because the poor farmers never came to the streets to protest against the middle man and rich farmers if they favoured the farm law rip all the poor farmers.
Be strong modi ji.. we r with u
Customer ko bhi fayeda hoga usko   bhi  option milega we can buy directly from farmers  now
1)Imagine if the Congress actually supported the bills when the ordinance was brought in the parliament. would there be a ruckus? no. Did the Congress actually state these reforms in their manifesto? Yes 
The thing is the market system which was present before was not capable enough to do proper justice to farmers, as you guys have stated too. Even the present opposition has also mentioned that farming laws in India needs changes in a way that it gives more benefits to the farmers. 
"The dream of Indian farmer is to be born as a European cow" - zhavandia sab
Rakesh tikait ji aap feature ke prime minister ho, 2024 mein aap apni party banao please,  love from Hyderabad,
Showing this video to everyone who is supporting the bill.. thank you 
CAPTAIN BHI MODI KA DALLA HAI SIR.  I SALUTE U FOR UR COURAGE AND HONESTY. SUPPORT FROM A SMALL CITY IN WEST BENGAL
Salute to farmers unity
goodness me what a research on data!!!  kudos Ravish ji and NDTV  that's why i only watch n follow Ravish ji ... he's the spine of journalism in the era of spineless media 
It seems the farmer leaders are fighting Modi rather than the farm laws.
This won't be displayed on GODI Media channel. If she was arrested the this would've been on the headlines.
No one has ever given credits to gst, demonisation , the work done on borders are of the Indian Army not BJP
This is first time ABP news have continuously try to question in favor of BJP. Very sad. Why any one should clear his point of view before election. Government will start income tax raids on farmers house.
It's really a tregedy that people did not understand . India doesn't need reform , let us mantain status quo , hope that from now onwards no farmer will commit suicide and if ever a farmer commits suicide then let's these leaders ie , priyanka gandhi , Akhilesh Yadav , kejirwal etc come forward to take the responsibility , India has decided to remain in the last century in farming sector
Long live the farmers!
I wonder if the farmers have considered making a national union so they can all agree on minimum prices that theyll sell to markets, its possible that companies could try and buy crops from other countries but I reckon theyd eventually cave due to transportation costs
Mr Modi How can you unequivocally decide to repeal these bills without parliaments voting? Isnt India a parliamentary democracy and not a dictatorship? And by the way who is Tapasya? Is it another name for Anjana Om Modi?
Just farmers of 3 states were protesting and I womder they are so poor that they could fund protests for one year... They are essentially intermediaries and treaders who could not see they commission going away... There are lots of small farmers benefited from this but no no no. .. why do we focus on positive till negative news can help to earn TRP. Indian problems are uniquely indian and western countries can't do much except spreading their version and possibly defame other countries.. remember, they were reforms and leaders of so called protests were supporting it initially until they saw political opportunity.
You passed these bill without discussion. You repealed these bill without discussion. How can people understand what your real intention is? Parliament is the biggest means of communication.
Where is the place of the temple, how will someone build that hospital, if you are a farmer, then only make a hospital in your field.
Farmers income should go up Salaries earned make more money Farmers protest support from canada Trump Modi are going home
Look at these fools. If they cared so much for the farmers theh would have done something. Just got an opportunity to blabber about Modi.
Sir g, 3 Bills cancel on paper dedo. Tab kisaan jaynge ghar. Kya pta ye bhi JUMMLA he ho . By the way Votes matters.
People of Haryana and Punjab, ye bill sirf kisano ko kamzoor nahi karega balki in rajeyo ki arthvayevstha ko khokhla kardega. Agar kisan ke pas kharach karne ko paisa nahi hoga to shahar main vayapaar kaise hoga. Please I request everyone whether businessman, student, private employee to protest this bill as at the end of the day it will impact everyone.
Eventually these Farmers will get along with BJP, it's just a trailer whole film is different
When farmer unions asked this to govt then they said that the laws are formulated under concurrent entry 33 of constitution. 
Good political move before 2022 elections in punjab, U.P, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh (Major states of farmers protests against these 3bills). Reduction of oil prices also can make little impact.
Farmers will always remain poor and Middle Man will be in Profit.
I feel very sorry for Prime Minister. He wanted to bring progress and prosperity to the farmers community. But these middlemen and arhtiyas gangs from Punjab and Western UP made his efforts go waste. The farmers from other parts of the country will never forgive Rakesh Tikait and Khalistani elements who stopped farmers from what they wanted.
Farm bills are not at all good for farmers ! On such a platform you should have better knowledge
So called farmers have great planning go infront of BJP leaders cars stop them , do stone pelting.. break the cars .. 
I support kishan... Lekin jo so called kishan ne kia usko support nehi karta. It is unfortunate to see 26 jan event by the aggressive jali kishan the are not actual bharat ki kishan.
Finally i found the Best explanation for these Farm Bills problems. 
Hi Manisha... I like your show and almost all views mentioned in it I second. However the views expressed on Veer Das is not I support. If his views where on Indian soil then it would have been excused but on foreign soil you should not have made these comments. Have you seen any foreign comedian coming in Other country and making such remarks about their country!!! Newslaundry should have opposed such comments.
2. Most protestors are farmers from states that have produce bought at MSP.
I am sure..now the real farmers protest starts.waiting for approval
Police started blocking routes, firing tear gas and lathi charge? 2 months the farmers have been ignored, time is up Modi! We are not afraid.
Breaking Bharat forces in action. Do you need any more evidence? Time to unite and support BJP even more.
1)Why can't farmers sell their produce to private players in the first place??
For Corporates Adani And Ambani This Is Happening The Two Capitalists Want To Capture 700 Billions Dollars Retail Farm Market By Contract Farming
Wait until taliban attacks Pakistan claiming Duran line to be a part of pashtunistan.
If msp is minimum price should be given to a farmer according to govt. , then think about those who have to sell their crops below MSP.
Actually current government has passed three laws on farming in India...
The leader which keeps farmers of India happy will rule the country.
Time will teach the importance of AGRI ACTS in near future to farmers. 
dartey delhi police and modi bjp govt of india sansamsam
Roads  are blocked  by  police  not by  farmers,  it is  a peaceful  protest  
Farmers victory
I will support peasant and farmer 
The mainstream media is not showing the Opposition at all.. So many people never come to know about such incidents.. Jai ho Modiji..
Ever since this bjp is in power I have lost respect for India.... we are no different than these other war zone countries
Proud to be a Sikh and farmers and punjabi so nice song virji
Our farmer brothers are very inspiring.
Open challenge to have a live public debate between BJP and  Farmers. No lawyers needed.  Does BJP have the guts?
This is sad. Most of the remarks said this.  But did any single body seen supporting these laws? We were only seeing only Takait n Gang and Pappu gang. After repellment of laws, only protesting farmers are being hailed. Not a single interview of farmers who were supporting these laws being shown. So, ultimately Govt had no other way.
Well Done SDM... Actually they are not Farmer ...Maintain Peace by Break heads  F*ck the politics
Clarify one thing. Are they farmers or not.
Its agents whom are ruining the income of farmers
Rakesh tikait is a brave  leader.
Govt can't leave the future of our farmers in the hands of private players.We must welcome private players to the market for better competition but giving free hand to them may lead to monopoly and at end of the day small farmers will suffer the most
This is how people have successfully managed to show something which is a benefit for the farmer as something detrimental to their growth. If I sell my produce outside for a price of 15/- a kilogram, and msp is 3/- why the hell do I need msp and all. When I go into a free market obviously I'll have many entities which want to buy my produce and I won't even pay tax. Please don't spread propaganda. Jai jawan jai kisan
win for the farmers 
It is APMC registered middlemen who are scared. Please do not call these millionaire middlemen "Farmers"
 BKU (Bhartiya Kisan Union) ye ek Congress Supporters/Wing Union h jo protest kar rahi hai. Aur iss BKU ne hi March 2019 me tweet krke ye Law naa lane ke liye GOI ko criticise kiya tha.
Why no one is looking into the root question here, why farmers from across India wanted to do a tractor parade in Delhi peacefully for the first time only on 72nd republic day? This could have been avoided by repeal of three farm law.
If gov. Think that this law is against farmer now (before UP election) then A case should be logged against gov. For  killing innocent farmer ( those who are in right path).
Bjp supporters should protest to bring back the bills 
Not sure what these people are eating ... .  Food Grown by farmers or something else from else where........
its time for the real farmers  who supported the bill and come in support in large numbers, let the people see how many were against it(middlemen) and how many were in support.
Delhi police is second worst after yogi police..they will pay the price on right time!!
 80% farmers own only less than 2 hectres /5 acre land.
Where was he when all these farmers were killed?
Well done sir you tried to do something good for Farmer's if they don't understand that's not your fault 
saw it on another channel, where one speaker asked - if farmers were to get MSP guarantee for all their produces, which would be x% above their investments, - then why would a golgappa and bhelpuri vendor not ask the same? they should also get msp guarantee and govt should buy their golgappas !!
#standwithfarmerschallenge
today i have  seen yr vdo  Prsticides,seeds if supplied of  bad quality the govt shoud make very harsh law ,These persons are looting the farmers .The govt made good seeds and pesticied available to farmers.
Oh my god. Farmers are right
Hi SG sir , can you do this specific episode in hindi , so i can share it with farmers in my group!
Man, some Indian's gonna get so butthurt seeing this video both pro farmer and pro government..
It is the failure of the government - who made our farmers sit in the outskirts of Delhi in the freezing cold for two months-  making 3 bills to capture farmer's lands - is it not too much dictatorship on these annadadads ????
Nothing changes the fact that farm laws by the govt. are good for farmers. Protestors and their supporters are fighting for a wrong cause.
Try to live with farmers,  ,Don't live with new law, the new law become a hitter of farmers back born
It's just Punjab and Haryana farmers which are unhappy
Thanks buddy, great explanation. At end what you have mentioned abt cutting margin by corporates had already happened, where farmers had agreement with Reliance fresh, easy day like stores and as the produce quantity flooded the market they starting making excuse that potatoes size shouldn't be that large, radishes shouldn't be that long. So, all in all they asked farmers that potatoes size shouldn't be larger than some standered ring size. Here comes the margin cutting in scenr. So, where will farmers go in such scenario. Some helpless farmers has end up throwing their produce on roads.
If farmers are not happy then why bring it now. Anyhow they are the ones who are going to struggle In farms. Nobody else. They know what needs to be done
2 Money laundering: Money through extortion and black money generated by Taliban supproting people in other countries is supplied to Taliban through money laundering and exploitation of loopholes in integrity of financial system of country. For example, Pakistan is placed under grey list by FATF because its financial system doesn't curb money laundering activities used for terrorist financing 
Wow!!! Congratulations to everyone!!! Not only farmers. Democracy wins. Best wishes from your neighbours. 
Save farmers please show latest news of farmers   #SikhGenocide  is happening   bjp goons are killing farmers save farmers save future
3) After shifting all farmers from the Gazipur service roads to the elevated expressway, request local's help to open the police barricades & road closures at the service roads.
Now every one knows that these so called kisan are backed by khalistani, the way they lynched 5 men was horrifying, why every where there is panga with only these type of kisan whether it was republic day, or in Haryana and Punjab, now in up, if someone has common sense they will definitely tell this is staged kisan  andolan.
1. Farm laws repealed
In delhi, there were around 1 Million Farmers.
Finally India today trying to shed godi media tag
Govt should have implemented in some states then withdrawn the law. Those farmers who would gain by these laws , would have come on road against these middlemen n fake farmers.
Age of old farmer is more than 70.
I wish Indian media was stating facts like Vox instead of the being the hypocritic bought out companies they are.
Legalising MSP will make govt to buy 23 no of commodities without any adherence to quality and quantity.  This will require Rs 17 lakh crore with increase of 5 - 8% every year to account for inflation & increased production.  India has tax & non tax revenue of Rs 22 lakh crore. Govt has to take loan of 8 lakh crore to meet budget deficit.  Agriculture sector contributes just 14 - 15 % of GDP with much lower net exports and need a subsidy of US 90 billion dollars or Rs 6.5  lakh crore every year.
Is it last reform or bill passed in history of india ??
Farmers are farmer not terrorist
Modi government has started mapping land by drones... Now the government should start imposing income tax on the super rich farmers..
Sir for your knowledge, wheat and paddy are the only two commodities in Punjab where farmers get desired MSP. Maize and cotton are being procured at much lower prices by privates. I don't see any direct benefits to farmers from these 3 acts. If Gov. really wants to promote farmers and diverge them from staple crop the only way is to insure legal right for MSP in produces so that i am ready to indulge in other produces. Moreover, majority of small farmers don't have such conveniences to adopt to other produces. Hope u r aware about procurement price of onions n potatoes n at wt rates it reaches to consumers. 
Ravish kumar is happy with the new improved taliban.he can go to afganistan and report true picture from there
Dear Mr. Gupta - I am not able to understand that if the new farm laws are good for farmers, then why are there so many protests and why do the protests seem like they are run by opposition parties, what vested interests do they have and why are they protesting knowing that the laws are good for the farmers. Please do a cut the clutter on this topic.
Sir next election in UP and punjab should be fought on serious issues i can say you have the capability to win it
All for the farm laws. All I hear are 'maybes', 'mights', 'ifs' and 'coulds'. These farmers in Punjab and Haryana are spoilt and do not know the plight of farmers in other states of our country.
Democracy is in "Danger"...Full support to Farmers 
Help the farmers...
We are farmar and we support farmer protest with our 
2. Why the whole video talks of fears - Mandis may close, corporates will try to get them closed, farmers will try to sell outside Mandis to avoid tax (cost of maintaining Mandis). What will stop same crop farmers from using the Mandi or forming their own groups and unions to sell together? There are already such unions. 
Power of FARMERS 
Free Punjab and haryana  America supports 
Agriculture refugees... gives me goosebumps every time I see a beggar who used to be a farmer...
Next time when I hear the news about a farmer dying due to lower wages and income from those 3 states I won't be sad , as they chose their own fate .
What I have never heard or read about these farms laws is how many farmers were opposing and how many supported it? There was no proper statistics and mostly saw centrist or leftist channels promoting agitation. If these laws were so popular then why there were no support rallies or cry now from farmers who were in favor of these laws? Also if more farmers were supporting it then Modi just gave them big slap on their face!
Jai Kissan, bastards raised hands against farmers who were trying to stop ruling party leaders. Is police BJP assets.
we are with the farmers who are feeding more than 100 crores citizens and exporting food grains to many countries.
Take this opportunity to thank team DB for the consistent covering and commenting on the entire journey of the farmers' struggle.
Why don't they just add MSP in the clause so wherever crops are traded farmers will yield X amount.  Farmers are happy and India can still progress with open market and new avenue of trades like lawmakers claim.  Unless all this is just a facade to align with major corporations!
We stand with modi ji u r n true inspiration for all of us....mera Bharat mahan 
Very good explanation by Shri Sanjeev Kumar Chaddha MD-NAFED. about MSP and other related farmer's issues. Thanks for it.
All UP people are requested pls do support and vote only BJP if u want to safe
 Our Farmer is Real Hero's....
Modi lose farmers win
Haryana and punjab are to of the biggest agricultural states but people in there states have been taking up loans and sending their kids abroad so that they dont get into this vicious circle where a farmers has more to suffer than anyother in the society. If agriculture would have been so good in out country people would have not been sending their kids outside. 
Young kisan that died yesterday on tractor was covered with tricolor
And government is ready to amend the laws also... For whatever the dispute farmers have abt the law , but opposition and farmer leaders  are instigating farmers to take the whole laws back....infact supreme court have said to put stay on law for a year ....BUT farmers just wants to remove the whole law...
Primister should explain the nation how bill was passed in distrubed atmosphere of Rajyashabha by deputy speaker over night without proper debate on it. Vedio in this regard available in social media?
First act on Yogendra yadav,  Rahul Gandhi and other congress leaders, and  so called leaders in the garb of Kissan unions who instigated this violence.  I would blame the home ministry too which has repeatedly failed and needs a change of leadership.  Someone  like Rajnath Singh ji  or yogiji is required who can act tough.  This could have been prevented. The police were at the recieving end and the way the hooligans went berserk with the tractor on the cops and media is highly condemnable. Too many incidents have taken place in recent times. These incidents are done to  portray our country and Modiji in bad light. Sad these hooligans disrespected our Nations heritage sight and the Flag.
Oh bed luck indian farmers one going time why not understand blade full bjp or rss not saprot rubbish political boycott bjp next government
People should use their common sense, understand what are the laws,how it will impact us n farmers,it's very simple logic these laws will only benefit corporate,Farmers are fighting bravely let's support them.#SupportFarmers,our govt is pathetic,almost 80 people lost their lives in this protest,why modi ji is not speaking on this,shame on the govt.
Reapeal black laws we are with farmers
Punjab is not just 1 state its a very important and sensitive  border state since BJP lost another very sensitive border state West Bengal which was very essential for internal security of the nation the BJP was not ready to loose another. thats my view on this subject matter. coz having a nationalist government in all border states is very essential for internal security of the nation. This is the major problem in a modern democratic system that the fate of the nation lies in the hands of voters among which more than 90% of them have less or no information or understanding about the security necessities of the nation they just vote on their personal petty needs and demands.
Great job students  please use social media to spread farmers voice to the world
Okay that's a balanced view sorry I pre judged .. I agree with ur conclusion.. also if govt really wants to take care of small marginal farmers release/ gather data of farmers who committed suicide..n protect and promote them through easy credit, insurance, technology etc.. thanks for the video
What??u r chinese don't know what happened really , just believing what CHINESE(NOT EVEN INDIAN)media tell and u know government made laws for country's welfare and growth ... And these  farmers showed their real face yesterday ........
This Indian lone wolf attack. Good luck BJP
As before farmers win congrats guys and shivas
Rest 2 laws were never in d favour of farmers..  That's it.
We are farmers 
Forget members ,how many ministers completely gone through the three agriculture bills and understood them . Have they realised the consequences likely to crop up.Had they discussed on BJP parliamentary members meeting
We support kisan from Punjab from Nagpur Maharashtra
Lord Arise and defend these farmers . Let Justice prevail !
So called farmers bringing glory to nation.
Mr. Gupta mentioned that the Bill was friendlier to Farmers. I agree politically Modi Govt. may have lost (time will tell), but the actual losers are the Farmers and people of India as we all saw anti-India elements storming Red Fort to place the Khalistan flag. Modi government should have started serious of dialogs with the Farmers and so called leaders, to implement an amicable Farmers Bill.
poor farmers... what a struggle to earn a living with decency and hard work... Modi could have repealed this law a year ago!
Its disappointing for me as a farmer. 
BJP gain upper hand in next meeting with farmer
Congratulations to all the farmers that have contributed to the protest and made the Government bend to their knees.
Keep it up... brave farmers 
Che Guevara's pic says all about education and intellect leval of Punjab and our farmers 
By repealing these laws , bjp karayakartas and candidates will get entry into villagers during Punjab 2022 elections' campaign.
Thousands of farmers commit suicide but nothing happens. Monsanto sold insect resistance seeds to Indian farmers at a premium price, but insects developed resistance to the seeds and destroyed crops. Thousands of farmers committed suicide since they took loans to buy those seeds. The families of farmers who lost their lives still seeking justice. I live in America and I feel bad for the farmers since these big corporations buy local politicians for no-action.  I am a research scholar and I was working on a project on why those insects developed resistance and that's how I was able to find out about the damage it caused to farmers.
Modi-Shah won't not commit mistakes like late Vajpayee ji. That's why he got re-elected in 2019 unlike the NDA in 2010. Statesmanship is not required all the time. It is more important to get Yogi re-elected in 2022 and also help Amarinder Singh to keep the Congress and AAP out of power in Punjab.
BJP fail to run Parliament.. Modi and shah resign
Modi scard about 2022 up election 
Its every star but the media is focusing it on punjab
i stand with the farmers!
Farmers celebrating republic day
Now godi media supporting kisan protest..
7. Why did the Farmers cornered the helpless police and beat them?
No it will hit farmer leaders and congress and also who funded this protest..
It was the farmers' honesty and integrity versus the government's lies and dishonesty.
Modi and Monsanto are spawned from the same devil . Down with both wish our farmers fought Monsanto the way these brave Sikhs have maybe a strawberry would taste like a strawberry instead of just look like one #iremember buy organic.
Her voice and manner is great   godi media should learn from her how to present news
Everrrryone in whole country depends on the food only no food no life .as they are accepting these three rules each n everyone will be in trouble this is not for farmers bt for us n I think whole india except fiew or whole world is with them so modi  don't  do the things blindly n make the country fool .we the people made u so be fair n accept correct things .
Our great farmers..don't you dare to bother them..
It's legit..so coherent..Uttar Pradesh 2020 election nearing, and he just wanna become an contender milking this protest..he got massive support whatsoever from the clan supports him.. secondly he is challenging govt being totally wrong ..ittne saal se issne khud kisano ki khoon chusa hain..
1- Still do not see a massive reason for farmers to protest, if they don't want to get into legal hassle don't get into contract farming, Continue as you are doing now.
An ultimate and clear explanation with best fit example help us to understand easily this farmers bill and as always your video/case study are so worthy that we always like to invest our time from basy schedule for it, even the video duration is 30 min...
*WHEN YOU TRANSFER CASH INTO FARMERS BACK ACCOUNTS , THERE IS HIGH PROBABILITY THAT THEY WOULD SPEND IT ON BUYING LIQUOR* 
Godi Media & Patrakar tried maximum to discredit, but in vain.
Every farmer should watch this video 
3. They DIDN'T TAKE OFF THE INDIAN FLAG OUT AND PLACED THERE FLAG, ( miss information that is being published in the media) RATHER THEY PLACED THEIR RELIGIOUS FLAG BELOW IT TO SHOW THERE RESPECT....
I will support farmers 
I am a farmer...and with this again middle man will not give MSP ..and againain more margins for middlemen  and farmer will be left with nothing.  So hypocrite. Is this tikait or we should say dacoit.
This policy is part of the WEF reset. The goal is to remove ownership of land from the farmers by forcing prices down for the crop. Well done to them for their hard resilient attitude.
3. Farmers' unions can help the farmers negotiate with companies. If the laws can include better support for farmers' unions, maybe that should be done.
Dear AIM, pls suggest what Modi should have done to so called Kishan Agitation. Are you saying govt should do something like "100 Flower Campaign" or straight forward send tanks to demolish road block shed all around Delhi? You may call me bhakt but I would like to remind you statement of Ram Jathmalani about pappu. So don't call one pappu out side and another inside. Jai Hind Vandematram.
Thank you so much for awaring people , some indians even call us farmers ' terrorist' ,this is worst. We just wants our rights.
Newslaundry team have bravely shared the insights of our nation's farmers issues. 
Without MSP farming will become unviable and most of the produce are imported from the international market in cheaper price. This will make us dependent on foreign countries and in a war situation we get destroyed. MSP is very important for food security..
Due to five state selections 3kisan Bills to be withdrawn. Thanks to social media & unity of kisan. Good decision of Tikayatji to wait till the Parliament approved. Jai kisan Jai  jawan & Jai Bhim.
New Farmer's Laws : Hey you can do this too or you can keep doing what you were already doing.
Every bill is good but in india there is no one to solve this issue. That's the problem.
Farmers are great you can not Stop them modi
Great job done by scoop woop, sir please make special episode on bagad billa what's aap chat leaked.. Kisaan ekta zinda baad.. We love  all farmer's...
Even Mahatma Gandhi was beaten up by the British during his protests.Battle speech before beating up the "farmers" is regrettable.
Farmers should not be swerved by the fake & swallow promises of the govt.Those farmers lost their lives in due course of farmers 's agitation, their relatives must be duly compensated!
Big thanks you, lots of farmers dies while protest, big relief to farmers and govt has saved many farmers live and given great happiness for their struggle. And hope such laws wil never be implemented in  future, due to which our people die.
My opion is that AGRICULTRE , BASIC EDUCATION and MEDICINE should be untouched by corporates so that the public gets these at least price and farmers get minimum support price.
 Farmers don't need degree for it.
We educated well meaning young Indians with a sentiment of giving back to our communities, must take it upon ourselves to spread awareness and help our farmers improve their agricultural practices as well as incomes, through appropriate leveraging use of new technology and connectivity.
We Love Our Farmers agar woh nhi to hm nhi
Too many masterstrokewadis in the comments sections. They have inputs about why Modi takes such decisions, which even Modi doesn't has! They are such a fool that they can't even criticise their beloved leader! And all this, when nobody's asking them not to vote for BJP!
Farmers are being called a terrorist, khalistani, and whatnot by these top-notch media houses.
And second more important fact to notice is India's ever falling global hunger index rank..if these laws will be implemented a major portion of indias society will fall in poverty and hunger striken due to increased prices of food and no subsidized crops
U r the only a voice that stands for farmer from the starting of this protest ..
Nothing is gonna happen. Majority of people in India support farming reforms. If these reforms are implemented then the 2 decade stagnant agriculture sector will once again grow.
Its a test of time for these 3 bills whether it will wrong the opposition or it will turn out to be another type of demonetisation. I really wish these reforms overcome all myths and help farmers.
That means it is clear that knowingly Tikait invited the Nihang Sikh to use them as weapon against Govt. So that they can wash their hands from any violence putting the blame on other head. Very smart Tikait. ONLY politicians an do this cunning plan, not farmers
Modi shame on you, hope you get the pain you are giving to the farmers.
What about the farmers who lost their lives? Those who work for goons are?
We rushed to Justice only when we are victims. Its not just thing of Farmers , it includes all common people no matters which religion , cast they belongs
Rest in peace to all the farmers we lost 
The fact is that the Farm Laws promotes inequality. Then how can you say that they are good for farmers? 
Short answer: Capitalists became Feudalists and farmers protest becoming their peasants
Modi bowing to Farmers protest against Law  which was claimed to be very help ful to  farmers.  Good precedent to Modi haters lobby and  to celebrate .Heavy Insult to genuine farmers who were appreciating the law.
Sekhar, I am sorry for you, that these farm laws have been repealed.....I knew you always supported these laws....sympathies...
Bikaao media ....ye banda BJP wala he.....Modi G and Amit Shah ke sath rahta hai....it is clear that it is a plan of BJP to destroy kisan andolan
Do farmers want to languish in their poverty to enrich the middlemen?  They should come out and protest the withdrawal of these three farm laws .
UN has already told our government to let the farmers do if it is peaceful protest.
I have only one question why farmers won't discuss on the reform amendment rather recall of the laws, I'm surprised someone doesn't wants the solution and so it shall go on as a political agenda.
Farmers should not sell to any private player, go to apmc ...why going to private player
A major point being missed out is that we need to move our farmers away from wheat and rice.
Support farmers and stand with Farmers
2. New system will not regulated by government who will decide farmers are exploited or not.
Minimum Support Price MSP is a misrepresentation. It's the maximum the farmers can expect to get. Most end up getting only about half of it.
India must start producing more barley and more beer. Beer price in India could be reduced thereby becoming a beer super power.
Ajit sir , as long as we are alive, we will always remember the way your true journalism and bravery helped our farmers succeed. It is remarkable how one journalist can make so much difference. Salute to you
I am a young professional with background of an average punjabi farmer family ( typifying 90 % of the farmers in Punjab) which somehow managed to give it's kids some education and awareness. 
Government made this law to modernise the current agriculture situation but our farmers r too much attached to the old laws and styles and this is not a problem for only the farmers but all india we don't want change ...ffff
I  am in support with farmers 
Meanwhile the Guardian and BBC are so busy covering stories of India.. India gifted 3.2 doses of vaccines...Yes farmers protest is of higher priority but when did Western Media look at priorities over facts
Good to see how two states Punjab and Haryana are united to fight back Modi plan to ruin farmers of this country.
I am sure none of the farmers except a few know as to why they are agitating, APMC s are controlled by politicians, this is the reason why Punjab government is supporting the agitation. And gullible farmers are being manipulated by politicians who are blackmailing the central government. How sad.
Display in background is right this is situation in UP both religion and farmers cards are played , media job is to show the reality.
Indian Govt should interfere in this case..we should encourage the Afghan Govt and Taliban to sit and have discuss about a democratic elections..if either of the party wins having 7:3 (i.e 70% of the people)majority they will form the GOVT ...if the ratio is 6:4 or 5:5 they should form a mutual GOVT finding the solution for all the issue...and India should never fight any military war against Afganistan.
Support farmers 
If we see Sonu Sood he has never met any such activities like jnu, CAA now farmer protest but when country need he was came whithout any special gesture.
Rakesh Tikait ji squeezed lemon on the wound
america stap us in the back and handed over the gov to pakistan isi india must us the resistance son of our national hero in panjsher
We all are with u farmers, but it's not a right time to protest.
Hello people of India be alert who doesn't fall BJP rule you all also have to face same problem not only Muslims.
If this is so good then why farmers of Bihar n Maharashtra suffering.
Sir, I understood the point that the government can't procure all the food produce from all the farmers across the country but if govt makes a law by which procurement of agricultural produce below MSP by any private party would not be accepted then the storage issue can be sorted out. By doing it inflation will certainly happen but by this, the lowest strata of the economy will get benefit in terms of money. This will be the biggest tool for poverty alleviation. The ruling government should also consider this point.
I'm a son of a farmer from punjab and farmers are protesting in almost every city in punjab and haryana and no media is covering this.
Do research world no 1 APMC system in Punjab and Haryana
Now farm bills are up to states matter. Both Congress, local party ruled states and BJP ruled states will modify the bill and implement as per their needs, time and context. Ultimate victory has to be for producer. Its a bill demanded to ruling government irrespective of its party. Till then Agriculture reforms will keep on coming with re-packaging.
Here Government want to make a law for Farmer which was rejected by the farmer.
Last few  thing mr modi ji is right but will he fulfill his words hope he does
We stand by our farmers who are the source of our food without their hardwork we cannot even have a single meal
This law is now repealed on the cost of nearly 18 crore farmers who are not living in these three states.where it could bring more prosperity to these 18 crore farmers.
One should try to understand...that BJP is trying to save Kagana and gearing up for UP election..
 Khalistani saying BJP murdabad who got them justice for 1984 massacre.
This is only a partial information what you have provided with your expert ,I wish to know how much wheat or rice is being produced annually in India and the farmers who lend their land for these products, what do they charge annually & why they are producing these two products only. If government has come out with one market one nation ,there is a big purpose behind it , which you must learn before showing your intelligence. Even your expert has no knowledge of actual problem which hit's not our earning only but also hampers the progress of country. All governments tried in their periods to bring these law's but we're not in majority to do it. I further add government is not averse to Mandi's & has further earmarked huge funds to modernise these Mandi's & to increase in number where ever it's needed .Now  All other bullshits that corporates will dominate in pricing or will take the land of small farmers, in that regard it's impertinent to mention , contact will be of crop & leasing out land, that's a separate act for that purpose so fear at all of losing land. Now main problem of Government is of buffer crops of both items of wheat & rice produced in India which unmanageable by government & it's agencies that's why I asked to tell me how much of both have been produced in gone year of 2020. To your surprise it was 10,718 lakhs quintials of wheat & 11,417 lakhs quintals of rice , what's the storage capacity required to be for keeping such huge quantity of both. People & opposition parties even told many lies to public about the storage that was got constructed by FCI from Adani Group in late 1990s & 2000to 2010. Even All these storage capacity are negligible in face of what is being produced of both these crops . It's for farmers to produce & sell both commodities but huge difficult for government to carry such stocks for number years where as it's shelf life is few months only & may be extended to a year or so with pesticides & fumigation . Production of wheat is nearly 400% more of what India needs annually & production of rice is more than 200% of need of India & government wishes to change the crop mix only & that will have to be done for the benefits of people of India. We only important adible oil's & further more it can be changed to cash crops which Punjab & Haryana have left in past about 30 year's.If you have any talent now suggest remedy of it rather than misguiding the people without much knowledge of true problem.
No words virasat sandhu veere to describe how beautiful this song.is proud to be a farmers child,a Punjabi,a Sardar.              keep rising and shining virasat veere .
Government should think about it in favor of farmers as they are our food God. 
I do not agree it's protest for the political reasons. Law worded very cleverly, it is how government will implement them. That is why farmers are protesting.
Salute to all my farmers and everyone who showed faith in farmers
The ppl of Punjab had created serious security threat for the country..hence the Govt had to repeal the law
Democracy works both ways, citizens shouldn't bully their way either. It happened with Jaat protests and their unfair demands, it happened with farmer protests too. Go ask the daily commuters of Delhi NCR who're being harassed in the name of peaceful protests and now that the laws are being repealed, politically ambitious Takait is making unfair demands (much like Jaat protests) and will continue to harass daily commuters. Death of democracy indeed
This farmers protest will bring down the modi government, The government should stop showing favouritism to Adani and Ambani. This will be BJP'S Waterloo. Mr.Modi is very much required to be in the center as we have two hostile neighbours, China and Pakistan, only Modi can Stop them. So please solve this Farmers protests ASAP , drop all the EGO and find a solution with these so called Farmers. If they don't farm then there will be a shortage of Food.
Huh... So you remember when Modi was praised as fighting for the people of India, like Trump? Lol
As an Australian farmer and also an Australian, it was only 35 years ago that we were classed as a developing economy. Then the government had the idea to float the dollar and open up the markets, the moment that the set price on heads of sheep was removed the price shuttered then nose dived, the same thing happened with cattle and with wine grapes. We wanted to establish a wine industry, they gave wine growers something like 10 years of a price guarantee as well as subsidies to get vineyards established but the moment the government set minimum price was pulled prices plummeted, not because the wineries couldn't afford it but because they seen the opportunity to make more money on their end and essentially shafting the wine grape growers by paying almost 1/5 of the price. Worst hit was probably the wool industry, practically overnight prices per bale dropped and all of a sudden when factoring futures farmers ended up owing money on their stock
When there are issues regarding economy then rural consumption have come to the rescue of our economy. Whether Govt were aware of this fact when Farmer Bills ordinance were introduced ?
You are a great enemy of the Indian farmers Mr tikait
8:07 and that specific issue here is the Punjabi Farmers agree they want to be showered with freebies and be spoonfed subsidies for growing crops that are ALWAYS bought at a loss by the government using the Taxpayer's money 
humble request to farmers...to stop protest...
b) Indian government (BJP) and farmers
This type of same farm  policy is followed by china , Vietnam and Thailand and they are exporting more .. if they are doing it's good if india is doing then it's bad ??
Aree goid media yrr modi se puchu ke west bengal me hue thi kya social distancing ??
Ppl should explan farmers ...which is good for farmers...
Only one agenda for bjp that is communal politics and anyone speaking against it is labeled congress leftist etc etc supporter. Cant blame them . They cant see beyond political factions becoz they are suffering from mental myopia which is weak far sight vision ... there are Indians here , not all are running political agenda when they stand against the dictatorship that is controlling and destroying the nation in every way possible
Frustrated political leaders,  got shocked, when they heard the Prime Minister's decision. They came to know that they have finally lost the battle. Feeling very much proud of you PRIME MINISTER JAGATPITA NARENDRA MODIJI. Looteronka khel khatam ho gaya.
They are not farmers
If old law so good why panjabi krishan bhai commit suicide? Punjab has the highest suicide rate in all over India why? What is the politics?
Talibans are people of Afghanistan just like others..they have conquered whole afghanistan because of local support otherwise it's impossible for taliban or any group to take control without bloodshed....
If they are real farmers beating is wrong.
I support farmers!
Can you make a video on 'Justice Loya' to show that media do care for Indian democracy?
Ya to sdm ko barkhast kro nahi to jinhone apne khoye hain netao se hisab jrur lege fir sir sabke footege rona matt haryana election aane do
2. The Govt has fixed quota for buying crops at MSP, most of which gets scooped up by big wealthy farmers who have a underhanded deal with the mandi brokers.
The farmers want the following things from the govt.:
Wht happened to intellectuals, why they are not saying death of farmers will benefit one party.
Now BJP has lost patience this is not a good news basically in haryana
Okay so basically I support modi and i dont need to give you a reason , cuz its just politics yk
There is no problem in new bills but the main problem lies in their implementation ...the governments have been making these tyoes of reforms from ages there is nothing new in these reforms... but the practical implementation of these reforms never took place... nearly 85% farmers didn't get their MSP price because of corruption and loop holes in government policies...now these reforms looks very good on paper....but how benefitted they will be to the farmers only time will tell..
Mr. Rathee , can you explain why those bills were not in favour of all the indian farmers not a particular segment of society.  Opposing a party is not bad but opposing the decision which could bring prosperity to farmers is irony.
If indeed you read all comments - please make one correction. the taxes in APMC mandis is not paid by the farmer. it is paid by the buyer.
It seems that today is the best day of our life . Victory of farmers and Parkash Utsav of Sri Guru Nanak Dev Ji. But still I won't vote for BJP for experienced us _Achhe Din_
Then why pannun claims that he is funding for the protest  Rathee either you are lying or you are not informed property or you have been given some agenda  why are spreading lies to instigate farmers against the government what are you up to?
Thanks for covering the indian farmers.
Government destroying both farmers and soldiers 
Wow! Our BJP government pass 15 Bills in 2 days and all the opposition was absent  and it is totally undemocratic 
I have no words to express my respect n gratitude for farmers and also to schoopwoop for showing us the reality.Being an agri student from punjab i can understand their demand, Agriculture is backbone of economy n the only field that has shown positive growth during these times.They are farmers not terrorist..dont torture them like that :(.
National average is Rs10,000 but state average income in Punjab is Rs18000 I'm pretty sure. Also remember many small land owner farmers will not be able to sustain a family of 3 or more no matter what. No where in world MSP exists. Kids of farmers need to study and engage in other income sources if land is small. We already get subsidized seeds, fertilizers, electricity and often loan waivers.
So this bill will not add value in farmers pocket as we learnt rather increase income of corporate (which is okay if both party are in WIN WIN situation), 
Sarkar Raj dialogue (for u.p election)
Repealing of farm laws is not a solution to this problem. Farmers will continue to suffer. Many reforms in farm bills are very much required in our country. It should be done in a decentralised way according to the need of a particular state. 
These bills are for corporate not farmers
Very good farmers 
sad .......loss of farmers and victory of "dalaal"
We don't want this kind of shameful farmer leader
If still anyone supporting govt and these laws and opposing farmers, then u guys should definately check the prices of crops that are already selling outside apmc mandis... #WeUnitedForFarmers
Aj jo innocent farmers hai unka Jo agenda tha...bht Jada dilute krdia gya....local political leaders and other hooligans destroying their motive and converting it to their motive.... Sad that we saw such an incident on 26th January.
Being a farmer's son today my subscription to your channel is paid  off today Bro
I don't understand that point why farmers sell it to the middle man when MSP is higher than the market rate. I understand that only a few people get to sell through MSP because of the storage issue but I don't understand the other reason why they take those products to the market when the MSP is higher than the market rate.I assume that farmers don't have a clear idea of the rates that is prevailing?
the man who puts the farmers orange flag on the pole has now become a legend...
Is Modi going to enact national security law against these farmer protests as China ccp did to Hongkong protests?
The government's surrender to a small group of corrupt middlemen has set the template that would now be used for every progressive reforms that India needed and I personally felt very sad, the way our  Prime Minister Narendra Modi apologised even for such revolutionary  reforms in the field of farming and heartfelt condolences for such real farmers who are really in need for such laws..
The country is with our farmers! Prosperous farmers will make prosperous India. Money in the hands of Adani Ambani will only leave the country because they shop abroad! Our farmers will buy Indian and boost our economy!
Farm laws may be good for farmers , according to u , but still in real life there is no guarantee. All I know that all past reforms of Modi government have failed miserably.
Godi media trying to protect Bjp
this lecture was splendid, sir you cleared all doubts our,and i fully respect of farmers and you.
Second law contract farming , suppose they contracted k we have to grow potatoes for 5 year contract , and if the stock get exceeds they will buy it ( agar unhone khaa k humey aalo chahiye aur 5 saal contract krliya aur agar kal ko wo khe k hmaare paas bhaaut aalo ho gye hai humey aur nhi chahiye fr kya krenge itne aaloa ka ? ) ....... and one more thing agar contract torhte hai wo tou farmer cant go to court , they can just go to SDM and as we know how corrupted we are , SDM greeb kisaano ki sunega ya high corporates ki
You have explained bang on. I also liked how you kept the farmer speculation cannot be underestimated. I would just add one more spectrum which is missed no farmer is happy selling on MSP it is nothing but bare minimum the govt. discounts the final price kept by survey committees before declaring in MSP.
imagine a foreign media outlet giving us more information about an indian issue than our own media
I am also a farmer and my son's will also be farming here. We had been deprived of our right due to few Agents and Middle Men and when now Govt has taken steps to curb that and help us. You western media guys are spreading lies and hate among us and dividing. Watch there in your land for next Farmer Protest and it has begun now in Germany. Beware. We are coming to you.
They all are rich farmers as poor farmers donot have enough money and time for these kind of protest
Stop seeing agriculture and farming as some kind of divine work, start seeing a them as an economic activity. Don't lure farmers by giving freebies, every job has its own plus and minus
Bringing down our tricolor flag in republic day is not acceptable whether he may be farmer or nothing else now whole india will understand who they are what they are trying to do what they did now their slogans was nt related to farmer protest
I am frightened for all the law abiding citizens and for those who do not support Modi shah Bjp because they have criminals heading meetings for the nation
i think bjp ministers have learned something from salman khan but as its india no action will be taken for these criminals everything is sold in this country police plays important role in covering up these crimes lets see how judiciary handle these cases now
Kisan deshdrohi aur media deshpremi wa re wa dirty politics
Farmers are the backbone of country not BJP. 
Farmers are right bcz privatization always be expensive than govt
Loss : Now, the farmer will sell that rest 60 quintal to any private businessman & they take just 40 to 45% below than msp the same product... So, at that place farmers occur a huge loss..
Madam Arfa, you are the best journalist India has ever seen and heard. Bjp using divide and rule policy of British and selling India to corporates like East India company.
Anti-citizen anti-indian reports are made to show suffering farmers in bad light. Groups might have inducted into to create timely unrest else too much of force might had put on them so few want to overcome it. Show only that few seconds of clip and tell a whole dirty story to the nation.
If I'm not mistaken, it led to large-scale famines in India because food didn't end up where it was most needed but rather where it could fetch the highest price (because of large-scale traders)
More power to farmers 
I have read about the Bill (all three of them) and I see that the bills only give the farmers the right trade with private corporations directly without the middlemen (Mandi). Now this, in no ways, means that farmers will not get MSP. They can still sell to Mandis at MSP price. So it's all their choice.
Good job ....they are not farmers goons
It's true choudhary rakesh tikait ji real life lions of jat kissans lands heros its true ji salute jai jat jai kissans it's true I m prouds of urs true truth thoughts ji thx OK ji 
Bad decision for farmers. The new laws were beneficial, and only tweaking based on farmers' concerns was required, not repeal.
Europe and US forces indian government to stop giving subsides to this farmer to have a fair compition .. Why didnt you think of indian farmers then ..
The farmers who are protesting for the 3 laws we are not going to support farmers we are going to support the 3 laws
Rakesh Tikait is an Honest & Solid Leader ..Farmers should stay united and get MSP Law and all other issues resolved
I am supporting farmer March keep it up I am  17 age
soon common people will also do same . these fake farmers are gundas
This is the protest started by the farmers of India. The reason for this protest is the govt declared a law to the agriculture section.   Normally our farmers sell their products through APMC market. APMC market is a market there is a minimum selling price is given to farmers from elderly.  So that the farmers can sell their products through APMC market and will get minimum selling price or more than that. The buyer have pay tax for the products they bought. The main aim of the APMC market is getting minimum selling price to farmers. Every farmers starts there production by taking loans from someone. They are very poor peoples. Many were suicides because of the price for there product getting is very low. The new law of our uneducated and worst prime minister of indian history honarable prime minister Mr. Modiji and their party is that they are giving permission to corparates companies to buy the products from farmers and sell to buyers. Normally it is not a problem. But the thing is the buyer didn't want pay tax for buying from corparates. In APMC they nave to pay taxes. And the corparates didn't maintain the minimum selling price for farmers. So people will go to corparates because there is no tax payment. And APMC market will fall down and the farmers didn't get minimum price .so the suicidal attempt of the farmers will not stops and that will go on. APMC market is also a govt property. The Modi govt is supporting only the corparates. Because they are the main funders of the Modi's political party(bjp) .so he has to work accornding to the corparates. The democracy equality and every thing is gone away. By an idian citizen
Punjab ex cm captain has advised our PM...after Up  and Punjab  elections farm laws will be back
Wait a minute car windshield and back part is already damaged before hitting people. how is it possible? If car wind shield is damaged then driver not able to see people. It means car already damaged by farmers. Can anyone notice that?
The government took one year and more than 600 poor farmers life to repeal the controversial farm's law.
What about 3 billon dollors spent by indian govt in afganistan
"Food grains should be cheaper" that's the main problem. No matter what bill you make, farmers will get less money. Capitalists and these mandi goons are no different.
I think we need to see from goverment perspective too, like why they are making this law which obviously spark the farmer protest
Views Shows that how much we are concerned about farmers
I think lalllantop bhi godi media banne ke ready h
we support #Farmers..
Kissan Ekta ZINDABAD ZINDABAD. World Leaders should get together and support the farmers of India
do India only have farmers in Punjab? why farmers from other states are not protesting? 
Ok so we are not going to talk about the fact how media absolutely annihilated the farmers after this protest.
Kisan will always get loss in future because a bill can make him strong
Those who are now saying that the laws were reformist and would benefit the farmers, never said so previously. Now that they have been taken back they are saying it was good but the Government did not get all the stakeholders on Board. Would   any opposition parties ever have agreed to the laws even  with  modifications?
I support farmers they have every right to protest and democracy is joke in india...the national media is sponsored by government ambani adnani are private players whom govt favours and MODI IS THE CLOWN WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS ...mess
Sir I watched your video since long time but you tell me if farmer of mp will sell his grown in rajasthan so who gives his transprting cost
2 things- 1) Deceiving Title. He didnt say Sorry for the farm bills but only for the fact that he wasnt able to make stubborn people understand.
Msp benefits only punjab and haryana farmers. 94% of farmers who mostly depend on rain have no guarantee but punjab and haryana where water is abundant have a guaranteed 50% profit due to msp which leads to over production of wheat and rice while we keep importing pulses and many expensive grains. Treat all farmers equally and show more care on the vulnerable farmers who in lakhs commit suicide
No godi media will. Show this!!!
As a literature student I would like to add that the fears of our farmers are part of the traditional folklore/folk-belief. If you look at folklore from any agricultural communities you find atleast one villain who is Seth/Zamindar/Sahukar extorting the poor farmer/peasant/laborer. This had amplified during the colonial era with horrific famines and almost 200% tax. So when nationalist movement invited farmers to join protest, it gained nationalist color as farmers from across the country came together. This narrative was recalled during Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan era and during various CPI movements in Bengal and Kerala. So it was only natural that when farmers were told that they will directly deal with buisnessmen, they panicked. Its almost the Krishna-Kans dichotomy.
modi governments very very good decision, Now farmer's have to concentrate on organic farming 
"the recent agriculture reforms would benefit both consumers and farmers in the coming years, and expects wastage in the sector to drop from here on. He said agriculture can become one of the largest value-added exports of India."
i support gov they came up with very good bill
The most disorganized Program I  ever  saw , both The Anchors are continuously asking questions The Farmers Leader which is highly Rude on the part of both Anchors they are sitting on both sides of The Farmers Leader which is highly Bad Manners the poor Farmers Leader has to turn his face Right and Left to answer their questions  . To hell with this Show Zero decency on the behalf of both Anchors. Bye
Yogendra Yadav top farmer and middle man  of the year 2021 without owning a farm and getting  money from China
NDTV - Farmers are hero and victims. - True
Is it not allowed for a farmer to progress in his life with his hard work? Even after progressing in his life if he/she remains in the farming sector he/she is a real hero....
Farmers want under middle man control 
Funny....25 to 28 years ago I studied in my social text books about middlemen, MSP and warehouses not being available for farmers. Just around when Dhruv was born.  My friends and relatives are farmers.  And in 2021 the same people who did not do much for the farmers since indpndmce are giving gyan in such videos.  Pappus are very ignorant about what happened in this country since independence, on the ground across states, and who the culprits are. People here hardly know about farming and the challenges across the country.
We support our farmers....Godi media go to hell
Farmers carry seeds and fertilizer . Farmers don't carry Swords, Iron rods, Stones . Only rioters and hooligans carry Swords, 
1)The Farm Bills hampers with the monopoly of APMC (agricultural produce market committee) mandis,  For many established middlemen  this came as a sudden shock .
I totally understood what Modi said, from today onwards i will totally not buy anything from rich Kisan ( one state ), and buy from poor Kisan's of every state of India.
The problem with India is that we got democracy before we got enlightenment. Unless India develops into a market economy we will continue to remain poor, thats a fact. Reforms are not pleseant or easy, however, good things rarely are. If the farmers win and get their way - all they would be doing is kicking the can down the road. If we dont reform now, we will be forced to accept the reforms later on. Agricultural productivity in Punjab/Haryana has been lagging behind other states where reforms were brought in. Furthermore, No country/ state can be rich when 50% of the population works in agriculture (a low value added sector). India needs to incentivize/ subsidize business and corporations so that people can find employment in other sectors (advanced countries have over 95 percent of population working in non agricultural sectors). Our people immigrate to western countries that have a capitalist system, and yet when they look at India somehow they want it to remain socialist.
Rock on Farmers ..
When it comes to the farmers, there is no support, except the paltry alm of Rs. 6000 or 8000 per year. 
Its not about the aspirations of the farmers rather it is about the interests of their exploiters and political manipulators....the goverment is not wrong but it needs to communicate with farmers, convince them and redress their genuine grievances, if any!!
1st sushant then farmer law
lol if india army intervenes the taliban would be wiped out of this world in one day
If the police is real the son of farmer. He should remove the uniform and join the protest.
And still people think farmers.are right. 
The sudden change now during the pandemic without first consulting the farmers has led to a serious lack of faith.
Farm Law Cancelled By Modi BJP Government. 
As per CrPC, one can direct to break farmers head?
Buyers shall be passed through a proper channel before they could actually buy the crop from farmer, as a non legitimised buyer can commit frauds with farmers by not paying them money. As of today the licensed buyers have to deposit bank guarantee in APMCs, so the payment of farmer is secured.
Thanks a ton for this! The indian media never showed us this in such high detail!
Although I don't support AIMIM... But the question he has raised is genuine one.... Why media and people of our country don't understand that India is middle man between taliban and USA and they were in every meeting almost held in doha between taliban and USA.... You can check it in internet recently Indian delegation met taliban in doha... Can we deny it
We win..... farmers win
Sir I would recommend to make this episode in Hindi also so that farmers also can understand and can come out of any narrative trap.
then who will get ressponsbilty death of farmer.?and what's the compensations?????????
Govt. must look for this matter, as they can provide and have many flexible rules for the corporate one, then why can't it for the farmers one. 
Now you know who will be happy... certain sections who feels threaten by bjp.... Who are at 'heads of social medias,news channels, bollywood bosses and who have friends with political dynasties.." it's a shame that certain families are ruling and heading all political parties.. n they are deciding fate of billions of people... Same families are ruling generations after generation's... Do u actually call it democracy?? India need only one party, without any Dynasty..just like China... Politicians should be selected on the basis of their performance.... There should be no religion,cast.... But that will sadly not happen...
How can a police personal ordered to his team to Crack the head of the farmers and due to which one farmer died it was notorious activity done by Haryana police with the support of CM haryana and back support of M/s Modi & Shah. It is shameful for our democratic country.
These three farm reforms were hope for us but due to bullies of certain section of farmers we will again be rotten in old system of agriculture.
If rich farmers aren't happy with new policies but poor farmers that means Modi's policies are good 
From what I saw, this is just any other bill where some would agree and some would disagree and the problems could've been solved by proper discussions(which have been happening). There was no need to go COMPLETELY  PRO- GOVT OR ANTI GOVERNMENT AS THESE MEDIA HOUSES HAVE DONE
Plz make a Vedio on current farmers protest   again
farmers were crushed to death, BJP workers were beaten to death matter closed.
Farm laws are not cruel but they are good for farmers
4. No Mechanism for price fixation: It is crucial to recognize price formation (not fixation) takes place due to interaction of demand and supply in the market. Wider the market, greater is the competition and lesser is the market margins of intermediaries and farmer is assured of greater share of consumer income.  Allowing buyers outside APMC mandis in market promotes competition and halts exploitation. At present, while consumers are paying higher price, farmers are still receiving lower price due to inefficiencies and imperfections. Thus, setting markets right is crucial through the new laws. UMP (Unified Market Platform in Karnataka), E-NAM, resulted in increase of prices by 38%. 
everyone talking about protests no one is talking about laws currently we have a soviet inspired system where we can sell our produce mostly in mandis or to traders roaming around buying perishable products for cheap rates which often leads to not getting enough or stable profit if we can sell it outside mandi to food processors the income will become much more stable the commission cuts by middle men and tax applied on mandis can also be realized thus ensuring more income there is acute shortage of storage facilities in India because of restrictions on storing in the new laws these restrictions will be removed to bring investment in developing storage facilities to store them in times of bumper harvests Also contract farming ensures fixed earning before the contract so one can decide India was made a socialist republic in 1975 and by the help of movies and propaganda companies are made to look like looters thus ensuring that there can be know public investment These changes are large change being tried to introduced by previous gov since 1990 but because farmers form 50% of working population in India no one had the courage to do so .And the fear psychosis is being multiplied through hatred for businessmen to keep capitalism at bay but how much you try the only way to lift people out of poverty is capitalism after the country becomes rich you can collect taxes from richest to facilitate for poor but by discouraging free trade you are ensuring poverty forever
This is what happens when you put uncivilized people in charge of the nation. They have never learnt to follow the rules. Modi cares about BJP first, then about the country. He needs those funds through those electoral bonds to fight the elections.This bill is what the corporates get in exchange for those juicy bonds.
Farm law could have save farming in India. Without it farming will never become an industry.
Today the farmers lost and the spineless opposition won, Modi government wanted to help the farmers but the opposition fooled the uneducated farmer and now the foolish farmer are celebrating , on their own death, that is India fit to be slaves,
Jay Jawan, Jay Kisan, The cat is out of box! Advice to fool BJP  politicians like Khattar and Mishra from Lakhimpur You can fool all the people some of the time and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time. Give MSP to farmers, Jay Hind, Bharat Mata Ki Jay, Jay Shree Ram...
what vandalising the bus it was used to block the route wtf do you mean by that godi media channel?
Indian farmers not equal to farmers from Punjab Haryana. There are 26 more states with considerable farmer population.
If there is contract farming, the farmer can charge the transportation cost added to the overall cost that they want to sell his produce , this way the farmers don't have to bear the transportation cost  . 
Farmer:  I don't want 10,000/ month from Modi .
WOW, farmers are mad about how the laws are passed, and not by what kind of laws are passed. Dont unnesecarily point out things just to be relevant, I watch you channel, cause I thought you guys are centralists, but your coverage on this issue changes my opinion, by every passing day
When farmers get angry, it means things are really going not well
Ghante ke tumare law and orders....i support our farmers
Relief. That means it was wrong. What about Khalistanis which media like yours leveled
There can't be any complacency on the canceling of farm laws which were not there.Responsible policy makers must bestow sincere efforts to protect the farmers from natural disasters practically avoiding slogans
That's shameful modiji didn't expected from you .
This is only video through which I am able to understand the intricacies behind the three farm bills. Any one can now see why there is so much turmoil over this .An amicable and unbiased solution is needed without delay. Thank you so much Priya Ma'm, I wish you Godspeed...
Somehow Congress is able to influence Western media much more than BJP is able to. Westerners should know that by passing this law farmers have been given an 'option' to sell to private parties directly instead of going through the mandi. They can still sell to the mandi at MSP if they want to. All the protests are being done by Congress sponsored goons and not actual farmers
I believe that and also my country people believe that India government ( narinder modi ) is very very wealth less 
I'm proud of my farmers
Rakesh is a Old Jackle or a Old a Fox have u ever seen about research in agriculture field  he is talking have anybody seen him working in a Field  does he talk about Bhumata and  doesonly in 2/3 states and only in some pockets are farmers in Bharat only sugar,wheat are the only crops in India also about power does only farmer use electricity what are the businesses of Rakesh and his family has he paid Income Tax legitimately
Stand with farmers 
What is solution ? India is too diverse and too big to be run on centralized policies. Centralized policies will not have same effect in all parts of India that is why even proponent of centralized policies kept Agriculture as state subject. Decentralization of power and policies, and mandatory and accountable Agricultural Ministry in each state can solve most problems related to sustainability of agriculture. But if Govt wants to continue current policies of favoring donor class of big corporations, then they should start putting money away for building massive prisons and concentration camps to crush and exploit huge population of poor Indians to join club of such economic conglomerates in the world. I doubt that even Modi( who is the cruelest leader after Aurengzeb in history of India) has the guts to repeat trail of tears.
We support farmers.
2. Just becoz there is a personal relation between farmer and agent who helps them financially when situation demands, why they need to demand for repeal. This applicable only to Punjab and haryana. There are farmers in other parts of india
Though China isnt happy with the aggression and expansionist policy of India, we still support grass-root Indians to fight for their rights. Jai Hind 
Look at their faces. They are not genuine farmers. It's all about politic and not farm laws .
USA can easily decide to take part in a conflict. But what USA finds very difficult is to continue the conflict for long period. Thats because USA government is designed to work for short-term four years only. If victory isnt achieved in short-term, USA generally pulls out of the conflict.
Shame on you old man. Why you did not sit with farmers or support them when they were agitating if the law was harmful to poor framers? Now you want to please whom?
AND THANKS TO MODI GOVERNMENT FOR BRINGING BACK UNITY IN DIVERSITY OF RELIGION AND CASTE        INDIA  IS ONE
Moreover the farmer union leader had talks with the Delhi police regarding this on the night of 25 and still if Delhi police says it didn't have any information then I feel it's stupid on our intelligence side that they couldn't arrest him before this day and everything could have been avoided.
Sir.. ground reality of present protest is..the MSP is not included in New policy... farmers want it should be added in writing not verbal ..on TV channels... Govt has refused to purchase MAKEE at MSP rate of 1600 per quintal..fixed by govt..says... farmers r free to cell elsewhere....tpt cost will boost... further pvt. agencies are not ready pay more than 600 per quintal for Makee against MSP of 1600/- Farmers say..either govt purchase MAKEE at MSP or order pvt. agencies to purchase at MSP.
This is sad, it means Farmers won't be coming into tax bracket in future, amount of pressure on national budget gonna be huge, this left turn is not good for country in future.
No words virasat sandhu veere to describe how beautiful this song. is proud to be a farmers child,a Punjabi,a Sardar.              keep rising and shining virasat veere .
Farmers had some doubts regarding farm bills and BJP government held talks with farm unions like akali dal etc. And BJP government ensured that farmers will be protected against corporates. 
Can someone explain what's happening  with farmers in India?
All you need to know is that agriculture accounts for a mere 17% of India's GDP while swallowing up 65% of its labor force. That's how bad things are and how desperately they need to change. These farmers are terrified of change and using every means to appeal to our sympathies in their struggle. Sorry, but sometimes, the best remedy for a problem is radical change.
Farmers- criminals and terrorists.
Dear  farmers , check the ground water of the land before cultivating anything .
The three acts that the Farmers are protesting and why is it important that the journalist in India should help the viewers understand what it interprets for the farmers and the govt. Why are the farmers protesting, what is the governments vested interest.1. The Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation) Act, 2020. 2. Farmers( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price assurance and farm services act, 2020. 3.Essential Commodities ( Amendment)  Act, 2020. If you guys need help watch this video 
For rejecting black law , why get long periods  ? Mean  while you know very it's not good,  then also took long period, many farmers sacrificed their life for this movement  what about that, can Gov't bring their life return  ????? If you are good leader use your wisdom in order
U r ryt bro  keep it up    today. Democracy is going low and the media of India  very bad even media is  solded  it is not suspect otherwise   reality
We hope and pray that Taliban takes over pakistan too. Inshallah.
Mind your language abp news rakesh ji not jat leader he farmers leader.
At Least we are now aware of farmers problems
RIP 800 farmers who lost their lives for these laws.
People are being misled not the farmers.
IS NOT ACCEPTABLE MODIJI
Please turn farmers towards crops diversification
Why the govt testing the patience of farmers for more than 60 days?  Are they not Indians?  Why the govt is so adamant?  What prevents them to repeal the farm laws?  Ego?
So... reading between the lines ..now that RIL has acquired Future retail group and has consolidated or rather monopolized retail sector now... this Bill's are like a return gift from the sarkar as a token of loyalty.
Well I am against the use of force against farmers,but blocking highways, roads, rails is not peacefull protest, police should take actions against those who are blocking these things.
God bless the farmers who are helpless
World is now watching the farmers protest.  Thanks every individual for supporting them. We need your support.  Do share with each others.
Govt must take strong action against so called farmers to free highways
Great step for Farmers. Unfortunate says SC panel member.
Because of the  event on 26th of Jan and the edited videos of the godi media , minds of common people is  diverted to the idea that this is a Khalistani protest, and due to this farmers demand is suppressed.
Be united farmers ,without you there is no food...center isn't realising,they are heartless...
Do you think the latest statement of son of Damodarddas could be Another Jumla regarding REPEAL OF FARM LAW !!!
Selective imposition of Income Tax on Non Farmers including Handicapped Non 
Farmers are not protesting for no reason they know wt is it with farmers laws so only they protested for this long and had wt they want 
BJP WALON KARARA JABAB MILEGA..AB KOI BHI BILL PASS NHI HONE DENGE OPPOSITION WALE CHAHE NRC HO YA CAA..
Good... I think the class of farmers who keep
Well explained but i think if the Punjab and Haryana farmers have a good middlemen system their unions can still stay united and not let the middlemen system run out of business. why not allow the rest of the country where the middlemen system is not efficient, test the benefits of open market. 
So Sooo sad. Wish the farmers had seen and understood what was at stake for them. Probably first leader of any country to admit he was wrong (alyhough he was not wrong). Hats off to the leader of the free world,  Mr. Modi.
Shame on indian media.
1 bro i agree with ur point but when farmers were protesting from last 2 months they did not listen to us meetings were non resultable cnn u imagine 2 months it this cold more than 80 farmers died
We should also support our farmers.
I will not talk about anything regarding this topic however the quote 'No one is more patient than farmers' really hits differently.
Interesting days, looks like BJP wants to secure UP and help Capt gain Punjab.
Who says farmers don't trust the laws? there is difference between a few unions and farmers.
HINDU-MUSLIM-SIKH AND ISSAI ALIKE MUST VOTE, SUPPORT AND ELECT INDIAN NATIONAL CONGRESS UNDER MRS. PRIYANKA GANDHI VADRA. MRS. PRIYANKA GANDHI VADRA WILL STAKE CLAIM FOR CHIEF MINISTERSHIP OF UTTAR PRADESH AFTER 2022 ASSEMBLY POLLS.
the law is came for only real farmers dear,not for like u people,,,,,his product he have to sale in high price for his welfare,not for ur welfare,also in india have lot of buisness peoples so there shold be a competion,so farmer can choose the costomer,   the all farmers are misunderstant by the polititions.this mandies policy cause all year lot of lose for farmers.
Farmers are hardworking. WHY CANNOT THEY SETUP AGENCY AND SELL THEIR PRODUCT DIRECTLY CONSUMERS. BYPASSED THE MIDDLEMAN THEY ARE THE ONES MAKING ALL THE WEALTH. SOME INTELLECTURES NEED TO COME OUT TO CHAMPION PROGRESS AND HELP HIS COUNTRYMEN.
Title should be punjab farmer protest
This new action of his will destroy small farmers entirely. 
Very impressive show of order and discipline by farmers.
West media : great democracy india ! great human right sample !
Cuz these bills not only affect the farmers
 This bill his going to hurt mandis who take money and bribes from farmers. Coz of this they are being manipulated. 
One of wrong step by govt because of some farmer agitation
Wish Punjab was next to Tamilnadu to hug these brothers and most of us could have stood next to your shoulders in protest against the tyranny of the ruling merchant class oligarchy from Western India(If you know what I mean).
I supported the farmers protest.
Farm Laws Repeal....a bheek from modi sarkar ?? 
What's tickling farmers backside. After doing so much wrong they have new demands.
If farmers are no happy then there must be some problem with the bills, this govt can't keep even the farmers happy, they are giving us the basic food, it's necessity and more than any other commodity, do hell with govt bills and policies
Wire should also ask  general public abt " what are farmers protesting abt with regard to law ???...dont just ask random opinions of people, but 1st clarify whether public is well informed abt the subject or not
Finally farmers reminded the dictator that he is a mere chowkidar and made him enact a pretentious well wisher act. Now it is high time for everyone to unite and replace the chowkidar.
tax the farmers , on their income (like we regular folks) !!! everyone needs to pay taxes on their income.. they are completely exempted ... why!!!
The explanation is  beautiful overall but the reality is harsher than this beautiful explanation. The loop holes that have been pointed out in this video or are actually there in the farm acts are dangerous indeed. The acts appear to be a cake walk while reading and listening to explanations but while analysing the whole act, it appears to be a masterstoke with disastrous loop holes. I would suggest the viewers to refer other sources as well along with this amazing video. Govt. should not withdraw this act but should amend it largely. And in any case, hoarding is not justifiable, it just shows potrays govt on the side of big corporates rather than the poor consumer and farmers. The suggestions given by Vikas Sir are  also must needed amendments in the whole act but still there are many more loop holes and even more dangerous possible harm in this act that could be happened to farmers so those drawbacks also need to be addressed and amended by the govt.
Love and Support to Formers from #Pakistan 
We stand with Farmers
Thanks so much for Nice Zee News Jay Hind Jai bharat Jay Modi ji ki JAY Shri ram JAY BJP Ki JAY Hind Jay Bharat Jay
If the middleman was serving the purpose, then why were farmers unhappy and committing suicide?
Pm modi is a great leader in India
All conditions of farmers r genuine...
Now India has 2 threats, Pakistan and Afghanistan... - - = + 
Who is stoping farmers to sell where ever they want .....insted on coming on tv every now and then ...come out and answer the questions farmers have ....please be responsible for your action .
The government should respect the demands of the farmers. We don't know what is wrong with them. We don't like the government decision on this issue.
Just like india media what really  happens and what they show on tv
If we listen to his all videos, he speaks very diplomatically,  and supports non modi many times, tries to brainwash people too. For example in his recent video on security lapse of PM , he also informed about crores of rs spent daily on PMs security,
Journalists be using words like : 'Godi media' , 'Whatsapp University ' and still be calling himself a Journalist like duh...
They are not farmers bunch of middle agents and hypocrts. Real farmers was busy in farming.
If the real motive of the farm law is to benefit the farmers dn modi dint lost  Farmers did.. 
8:15 - 9:55 crux. things that pissed farmers off - the way the laws were brought in , no consultation with farmers before reforms, "inhe bhramit kiya ja raha hai", assuming farmers don't understand the law. Okay. 
This farmers stir is an example of how the stir/ agitation should not be done  and also it show that without any backing of any political party, the stir is just a big ZERO.
I am so happy the farmers wontheir long and difficult struggle paid off. This is an inspiration for all of us no doubt
Farmers dying pm modi is responsible for farmers dying in FARMERS PROTESTS.
I think it was preplanned by BJP to allow there Supporter (Goons) who tied Turban to look like Sikh Community people and with the Help of Police 
I'm from India nd one thing that I want to ensure is that this time Modi's government will go down for sure as all the Indians are with farmers
We appreciate fight for this farm bill 
This video brought tears in my eyes. I stand wirh farmers.
No farmer no food
This T.V chalen is very good news published but some T.V chalen work for S.P Party ka but BJP government very good and nice work for poor people in India and sob ka sat sob ka bikash kor rahi hai and all people of india vote for BJP because BJP government very good government
Bhaji thank you very much for supporting us.......people who still think that WE are wrong....must understand that NO FARMERS, NO FOOD 
Why similar bills have not bought fortune in Up and Bihar farmers? They should have been richest farmers if you think this bill is 'good for farmers'
So sad to see our farmers has to come on the road to protest instead they should get a big reward, with out them the world doesn't exist, they do there hard work to provide the whole world...long live farmers shame on u government of India
We support farmers  
Why all the political parties make their stand clear first. You yourself also make your stand clear on each issue you always have anti modi anti BJP  stand. That is your clear stand.
Shame on you police,,how you treating the Farmers who grow food for you
Sad to see so much terrorist act on our farmer.. big business people r sponsoring these terrorist attacks.. they n their families must be punished
With heavy hearted  after the announcement of repeal of farm law's i must say ISS DESH KA KUCH NAHI HO SAKTA.
Instead of repealing the laws, state govt. should have been given the freedom to decide on implementation. It's very unfortunate that just to win elections, the decisions and anouncements are made.
Shame on the Government... How dare they treat our Farmers like this... What the hell is wrong with the Government... Let the Farmers protest
"The farmers do not want to cause any violence, they are here for peace."
3. THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT ON PRICE ASSURANCE AND FARM SERVICES ACT, 2020
Again these goons sikh farmers killed an innocent person in day light, all culprit must jail
I have to say first and foremost my faith and relationship with Jesus always comes before any political ideology I have. I try not to bring up political topics or current events, as I have surmised that we have discrepantly conflicting views. As a Christian I try my best to form my opinions based off the Bible. With that being said, the current turmoil In Afghanistan is so hellacious I had to share with you all, what is actually going on. The Biden administration decided to withdraw the United States Armed forces out of Afghanistan. The taliban has taken over the country. What they are trying to do and will successfully unless our government sends troops back, is impose sharia law. It is an Islamic set of laws that consist of horrible atrocities such as, Theft punishable by amputation of the hands (Quran 5:38). Criticizing or denying any part of the Quran is punishable by death. Criticizing Muhammad or denying that he is a prophet is punishable by death. Criticizing or denying Allah is punishable by death. A Muslim who becomes a non-Muslim is punishable by death. A non-Muslim who leads a Muslim away from Islam is punishable by death. A non-Muslim man who marries a Muslim woman is punishable by death. A woman or girl who has been raped cannot testify in court against her rapist(s). Testimonies of 4 male witnesses are required to prove rape of a female (Quran 24:13). A woman or girl who alleges rape without producing 4 male witnesses is guilty of adultery. A woman or girl found guilty of adultery is punishable by death. A male convicted of rape can have his conviction dismissed by marrying his victim. Muslim men have sexual rights to any woman/girl not wearing the Hijab. A woman can have 1 husband, who can have up to 4 wives. A man can marry an infant girl and consummate the marriage when she is 9 years old. A man can beat his wife for insubordination (see Quran 4:34) A man can unilaterally divorce his wife; a wife needs her husband's consent to divorce. A divorced wife loses custody of all children over 6 years of age or when they exceed it. A woman's testimony in court, allowed in property cases, carries  the weight of a man's. A female heir inherits half of what a male heir inherits. A woman cannot speak alone to a man who is not her husband or relative. Muslims should engage in Taqiyya and lie to non-Muslims to advance Islam. 
I am fighting with my family cause they are brainwashed by godi media. I was successful to change their view by showing scoopwhoop video. So proud of you samdhish and team. I request you if you could cover the situation on 25th and 26th of jan so we get real news. Thank you. Jai kisan. Jai hind. Wish i could help our kisans in someway.
Lallantop should make news in English too so whole world should know what modi gov is doing in India
who has nothing to do in farms last 10 months but they lots of work on roads .  fake farmers.
Sir ji aapke liye vo itne important hote to aap 1 saal baad wapas na lete , next year UP aur Punjab me elections hai tabhi aapne ye law vapas liye hai
Sir its not 26th March,,, it is 26 January,, its our Country REPUBLIC DAY,, being in such a BIGGEST POST how can you, forgets the Day, Likewise MODI,, SHAH ,,, RSS GODSE gungs use too,,,,,, don't make our grateful Country in SHAME,, jai Hind..Jai, Jawan,, JAI KISAN.
Farmers from Punjab should remember that they are getting free taxpayers money in the name of MSP. 
This guy is always against Modi. He knows the exact reason for the withdrawal of the farm laws. But it doesnt suit his commitment to the break India brigade.
Literally I m in tears after watching this my father is also a farmer I can feel the every bit of this vedio India is no longer a democratic countries big industrialist are running the whole country all these laws are made considerably there profits . Government has purchased media . End of the day the farmer and the labour class is going to suffer they claim farmers as terrorists those Famers who feed there stomach by working the days n nights In 1 of the freezing cold nights this is heartbreaking prey for them wmk
Kanoon kisne bnaye BJP ne tou farmers BJP against honge na Congress ja AAP k khilaf thorda
Modi next election i bet ur not going win ba bye makeup man
I will support farmers 
These violent  farmers are not protesters.
farmer has to pay 8.5 percent fees( 3% to market yard improvement, 3% to
What stops the farmer from selling the produce outside of APMCs today?
Regression is marketed as Reform by Shekhar Gupta. Numbers are manipulated to show that farm laws are beneficial to Farmers
#GodiMediaStopSpreadingRumours 
Sad day sad day... I cant imagine the Modi Governement bogged down to few idiots and self centered people.... This shows how difficult it is in India to bring reforms. Sad day long live Idiots
Rihanna for farmers, nothing can be more hilarious and sad as people actually took her seriously.
Farmers should not forget the death of 700+ farmers and murder of few by BJP minister.
19:45 Again, how good it will be that govt asks farmers.. that this year we should go for these oils because that's what is required in the country. Help them with good seeds and then procure that at MSP? They can suggest them to bring down 30-40%(they can decide based on stats) of wheat/paddy production down and instead go for oils?
Plenty Farmers do, not much except receive their due at the end of each cropping season. 
These farmers protests are taking ugly turn now. Farmers should not participate in dirty politics by reaching to states having upcoming elections. Punjab's Farmers were earlier in Bengal and now they are in UP for upcoming elections. Those farmers not giving any statement about the incident are acting more like a political party.  Such heinous crimes of killings and doing politics over it is not going to benefit in long run to anyone, be it for farmer or for normal citizen.
For complete and unbiased understanding of this farmer's issue, watch the video in the link below..its bit long because to explain things properly one has to go in details..its by one of the most reputed teacher for civil services examination.. its for understanding purposes.. not by any news media..so no propaganda here
#WeStandWithFarmers
The current trend of deregulating markets, in particular allowing wholesale buyers of commodities like rice and sorghum to avoid minimum prices (MSP) as prescribed by law, will make the already dire predicament of farmers much worse. These farmers that protest have no choice but to protest against the unsound and harmful neoliberal policies pushing for deregulation. At this point they have little to nothing to lose. History shows revolution is like gravity: when the conditions are right all it takes is the slightest push to take off. Sadly most governments at that point are incapable of seeing the problem since they created it. India like the US could be on the cusp of revolution. Thought 2020 was bad? 2021 will be a lot hotter.
Grt.. I will pray that yogi becomes Indias next PM.. Ameen.., I fully support bjp.. plz vote bjp. 
Agar koi celebrity's ya rich insan mar jata to sab uska dukh bante 1 2 mahine tak or social media pr video news viral hote ab humare desh ke kisan or javano ki mout hui h to sach or jhut m fase hue h 
No farmers No food No life
I know that you are apposite of the farmers but I want to tell you something if you're are see my comment so reply me ..why farmers are protesting??  If 90% farmers are apposite of this new farming bills so why government doing that if farmers saying that they've problem with this law so government should withdraw the the law.you also understand that.Farmers are not crazy who have been protesting in the cold for almost 2 months Everyone has the right to live their life. additionally,,People select the government,, not government If the farmers want these laws to be repealed then what is the problem?? Goverment should appriciate them So that the farmers can return to their homes and they can sleep peacefully in their homes This law has already failed .for example, farmers in bihar they're stuck in this law and they're are come to punjab every year for work ... I hope you can understand 
There are some loopholes but this new bill is a progressive step for Indian Farmers but they need to be educated about this correctly as opponents are misleading them as they always do.
2. Also the farmers in India are majority are small scale, and larger farmers are comparatively less
Kisan Ekta Jindabad  modi kteeed and hater's murdabad  All farmers and supporters are be brave and strong .
If government had done it 12 month ago, 500 more farmers would be alive 
Jai Kisan! , love from Malaysia. Wishes to all Hindu farmers.
That is our main demand from gov atleast insure MSP is rightfully reaching to farmers. In our case we only have sureity for Wheat n paddy.FYI the 2Rs Scheme is prevalent in Punjab too but all these are out of topic for farmers.
what will happen to opposition now?, earlier they had farmers bill now what? whats their edge now?
It is very true that a minuscule section of farmers have taken part in the recent kisan andolan, whereas a thumping majority of ruling party is in parliament. Yes, a small section of Indian society had participated in the freedom struggle also. British also said  Indian people do not want freedom. They like to be ruled by whomsoever it may be. May be ! Here is no detailed discussion about three agricultural Laws and their immediate and future repurcussions, what are farmers' demands, what Hon'le PM has said in his statement only and in what circumstances. Still the debate should continue as it has national (and international ?) repurcussions.
BJP outbound...all know modi speech as mere talks...first 15lacs jhol now this...
In Telangana rythu bhandhu pathakam there  1 acre = 4000 rs .if u have more then infinity * 4000 and if the farmers are in USA r in others country r in others states working u will get money in u r  bank. if u work r u don't u will get money.this scheme is very good for large acre of farmers.there are sum farmers they don't have lands they work under labour in farmers r daily labours. Telangana is covered with huge taxes  around 50,000crores.no education and no jobs.only scheme cheap liquor, ect
Tikait Zindbad.Andol Zindabad. My best respect for Tikait Jee.
I support farmers......
Great decision by farmers
I am also stand with your point view regarding essential commodities.farmer has not enough space to hold or store commodities in their house.that means this act definitely invite blackmarketing.it will lead higher prices of essential commodities.
Thanks India today plzz support and show more about farmer protest without Bollywood we live . But without farmer we don't eating food
There are still some misguided one keep saying these farmers are not well informed about these new laws.
After all this how these people rally behind  them eg. So many people have come to se the noise airport  opening of election gimmick
This bill is not good for  farmer .it is only beneficial for middle man ,big farmers not for small farmers. Those who are in the favour of this law my request to them  to please watch, search the information of the bill then you will understand it is benefit for farmer or not. We support farmers 
Because growth typically means increasing efficiency , so by that justification a farmer in 2020 should have better modern technology than the one in 1972 and the corn yield he produces today should ideally be higher and per kilo the price can either be same or less because now he has more yield. Also , with newer technology he should be diversifying his crops because ideally a lot of farm work is automated by machines and he has more time .
5) In the existing APMC system, it is mandatory for farmers to go through a trader (via Mandis) so as to sell their produce to consumers and companies and they receive  MSP (Minimum Selling Prices) for their produce. It was this very system that has influenced the riseto a cartel led by traders and uncompetitive markets due to which the farmers are paid lower prices than MSP set by govt for their produces. So, in a way these farm bills will destroy the monopoly of govt run markets.(ie APMC)
Why farmers of states other than Punjab, Hariyana, western UP were not agitating against these new laws?
court, police, power is to dominate hindu, but for rakesh tikait everything is possible in Riad
The Opposition party does not care for farmers.
Middlemen are funding this opposition. They must be paying out the politicians to save their monopolies. Imagine someone in Orrisa purchasing and getting product shipped from Punjab. Open trade is good for everyone, including the farmer. Someone should educate the middlemen that this will open up their client base to the entire country.
Farmer brothers and sisters,
Print shekar Gupta is anti modi and we should reject the Print because all his staff are tutoring for Congress
India is too emotional of a country to progress. East Asia was willing to knuckle down and absorb pain for advancement. Indians feel entitled to everything. These farmers believe government must guarantee them a livelihood. Its a terrible message to show that protest will lead to results. Violent Protest must be crushed. Incentives matter. Yet India only rewards bad behaviour. Mughals can knock down temples while Hindus cannot attain it back through democratic process. But CAA gets stopped by protest. 
2nd bill is for everybody not only for farmers, middlemen are the final beneficiary of this bill, because farmers don't have that much storage facilities but the middlemen have.
Govt. can't and shouldn't buy all farmers produce as they don't have money for that nor they require it. Infact govt. should completely stop procurement of agri produce and stop distorting market mechanism. What is demanded in market, farmers should produce that. You can't simply produce something and expect govt to buy all. Currently Indian farmers are oblivious to market demand. If contract farming comes, they can fix selling price with purchasers before cultivation.
It just hurts seeing Indians fighting  against each other , and at that time when we shall show our maximum support to our nation
 patha nahee log sub desh drohi he !  Black money earth  to sky   cam back from world bank  and spent to people of the nation? And people says we didnt got  desh drohi , demonetization brought GDP 5 trillion still people says no deshdrohi! Farmers bill will bring goodness to farmers now  Allah bachaye  aise achey din se farm koo my thoo job kartha hune khane ke liye chawaal katha hune rooz megdonal ka nahe sakthaa !
The government's main approach is to cut off the various 'Middle-Men' links that exists in the country because the supplies are reguated at least twice before reaching the City or town markets.The different tiers of middle men create their own profit which indeed exploits the original prices  which is earned by the farmers,if the laws will cut out these men then most probably farmers can earn better prices but the implementation sparkled protests because many of these farmers who are out here protesting are themselves part of local trade links or have not clearly understood the government's plan.Also I personally think it's because the Congress political party has funded Punjab farmers(as Punjab is a congress State and the party have influence there) to simply defame BJP central Government and as you can see the protesters are all Punjabis and not even a single person can be seen who is not Punjabi.
The approach towards farmers is shocking
Mitron...  Jumla Feku Modi bowed down to Khalistanis. Farmers laws to be repealed.. Sabka Saath, Sabka vikas.. All bakwas.. Only Vinaaash..  
The farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab and Haryana there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers. In Punjab and Haryana, the farmers are not only from jatt caste or sikhs, there are also pundits, Brahmins , and dogar farmers in Punjab. Farmers feed the nation, big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Abany, Adnany . These big companies are controlling Modi. These bills are designed to make each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmers will have no option to sell to another buyer due to logistics and resources , and the big companies have the logistics and they will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and export to other countries. This will cause food shortage in India,because big companies will be able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the business tycoons, and big companies. The GST is hurting the small shops, small factories, and Modi needs to be removed from his throne
But what about us??? We farmers of up don't want these laws to repeal.....
Government repeal the 3 Anti Farmers law as soon as possible.
USA too didn't designate Taliban as Terrorists.
The BJP does not treat the people as human beings. India needs a revolution.
Reduce petrol diesel prices, repeal farm laws etc just before elections. People should realise this and vote according
3:15 - No-one should loose their rights - She nailed it... I support my lovely farmers.
West Bengal mourns the loss of TATA and Punjab and it's farmer's will realize in the future - by then it will be too late.
9.99% of Jio is owned by Facebook. Find an alternative to Facebook and Whatsapp too. This will also hurt their bottom line. Corporations think with their wallets. 50% of the Indian population is in some way attached to farming and if a significant number of people stop using Facebook/Whatsapp, this will get noticed. Also, Facebook is currently being sued by the US government for antitrust issues. The last thing they want is additional negative publicity.
NAYA INKALAB ACHUKA HA BHARAT ME,MODI  AUR GODI JITNI JALDI HO KHISAK LO WARNA RAASTE CHOWRAHE PE BJP WALON KO AUR GODI MEDIA KOREA PHANSI DE DE GI JANTA
Only punjabi celebrate not Indian's as we don't use drug's and by the way DW Punjab do most of global warming in India hope you support that to
Tareq creates Pakistanio phobia on India 
They r not farmers ,they r middle man...I don't no why media has not shown When rape happened at protest ,Why don't you show that how they beat those who oppose them...26 violence and red fort , damaging public properties ,blocking national highway... 
Farmers are god 
There are very good points made by you , but is it possible to get someone like P Sainath who has been covering agriculture sector for decades to explain perspectives of farmers .
Farmers need Swaminathan  Report recommendations legalised so that they can get a fair price for their produce. Nothing else!!!!
Good good go ahead otherwise farmers in india will die so go forward and seal parliament teach the nethajis what is the real condition of farming in India
Great farmers of great India 
Media : farm law passed, a masterstroke form Modi...
Haryana govt no less than Taliban. This SDM should be suspended
We demand press conference of PM Mr. Modi on Lakhimpur Kheri incident.
atleast punjab govt have solved employment issues in their state, and for haryana unemployed too
Media: How can farmers have pizza. Who is funding them? 
 bjp ka best plan by up election
Long live the farmers!!
farmers had attacked the convoy with stones, and that one of his cars overturned as a result, crushing two farmers. Angry farmers then attacked and killed his driver and three BJP workers travelling in the convoy
*First he did for farmer's but now for the Country try to understand it in depth*
BJP is the next rulling party and governments till my death BJP only rules the India
Support Farmers !
I'm a Hindu and I don't support bjp
The battle may be temporarily lost, but the war is  not.My  vote always will go to BJP and MODIJI
More then 1000 farmers died during protest . Current ruling party lost  some states election coz of this protest so they are taking back this laws
Farmers feed us not like modi ji, ambaani and adaani who want to attain top positions to fulfill their worldy desires. Modi govt is suppressing their voice if farmers are saying they don't want this law then why government have passed it. Today they need our support. Jai Jawaan Jai Kissan
I am proud of son of farmer
This news is good news for farmers because long journey end... 
Sikh Community, unbeatable Till Date. Feeling Proud to be a farmer's son.
Acc. To Indian government, this law is necessary for farmers whereas farmers themselves don't want this law. Anyway, this isn't first time that government is doing something senseless. Their beloved cows which shouldn't be killed (I agree too) are dying on road accidents and by eating plastic, atleast should have done something to help those cows.
#4 If the small former does not want to sell to private , he can sell to APMC Mandi at MSP Price  and MSP is only applicable for the small time farmers not the rich farmers
The majority of the farmers seemed fine with the bills. 
Caution: For their own benefits real farmers should come on roads to oppose pseudo-Farmer agitation due to which if by chance the bill has to be canceled, all the farmers will be thrown back to the dark ages again.
An elected Govt. repealing few laws under the pressure of undemocratic protest (blocking a national highway, "capturing" Lalquila with tractors cannot be democratic), in response opinion of an actress seems to be a very big deal..LOL... Same as Amir Khan saying "This country is becoming unsafe to live"..Or is it same?? Did I miss something?
Not sure about deep sidhu. But the guy you talked about lakha sidhana is a social activist in punjab who opposes the RSS ideology to defame the sikh history or tu manipulate it into the hands of BJP for their hindu rashtra narrative. Secondly, lakha has been going to villages after villages to aware the people and asking them
4. why should the farmers hands be tied to sell their crops in the mandi and why do they have no freedom to sell it wherever they want in your beloved APMC ? yu and your "comrades" know why .. 
Jai Hind. It is the time to take strict action on tikaith.He is mingle with opposition party and with khalistani.
Finally just say so many thanks to the group who make this glourious video for indians not only for farmers.
Finally, hope for farmers again. Farmers fought well, many lives were lost. Good luck to our farmers. Victory for farmers.
Farmers r protesting, for more than a year; WITHOUT BREAK  
bro .. election are coming in UP jab bengal mai election the to suddenly petrol price 12 rs se gir gaye  LPG ke prices kam ho gaye kaise ? election khatam hone ke bad phir prices badha diye gaye . election jivi . modi ji
Victory of Socialism for Rich Farmers.
This is the achievement of farmer protest. NDTV is very happy to get masala contents.
Modiji takes every decision in favour of country
Bro ur video makes sense but  only 1  group of farmers did the violence  so we can't defame the whole protest and the leading group of farmers protest has also said that what happened on  republic day was not good and another thing Delhi police is equally responsible for what happened and provoking the farmers
India i am Scared because #Talibans Are coming 
These laws are taken back not because Government care for farmers....this is because upcoming elections in UP, Punjab, Uttarakhand etc....
Thank you dhurv for sporting us,  ~ farmer daughter
Litigation. ..SDM will mediate between farmer and purchaser. I being a purchaser will stop payment of Rs.10k. SDM will mediate at Rs8K. I will accept because I have taken goods worth 10k and after mediation gave 8k. Farmer will be at loss. If mediation stays at 10k then where will be the interest for 3 months. Sir...pls think in these lines only because I am the dishonest purchaser.
What else can farmers do government should give option not just make bill.
Nice job what you are doing. One question though, government has given a proposal that they are ready to make all these adjustments but farmers are saying they do not want it now, they want total repeal. I think the issue has gone beyond this now, farmers are not ready to accept even the ammemdements ..not sure why? The discussions in the public or media domain should be that now. What are farmer's apprehension is an old story now ...you guys are lagging behind a bit in your reporting.
Winning elections is the only motivation for Modi. How many farmers died in this silent agitation. A clear example that this government lacks wisdom. When the farmers were absolutely unconvinced with the farm bill, where was the tearing hurry to have it promulgated? A victory that is absolutely total for farmers. Bravo my Sikh brothers. You proved yet again that nothing unfair can be bulldozed into you. Salute your courage, resilience and fortitude brothers!
Middlemen Won! Farmers lost  China pak sponsored protest won
4)The bills ensure that the farmer can enter into contract with a party and will gets  agreed price for his crops, so that farmers could survive beyond govt support by farming  commercially lucrative crops.
Fixing MSP Makes the farmer to grow mono culture farming of grains which is not only bad of balance but also dangerous to environment.
India Supports you Punjab Farmers. Farm laws to benifit Reliance & Ambani ??
The IT cell sanghis are trying hard to mislead people about the agitation of farmers. They portrayed the farmers from Punjab as Khalistan terrorists on social media. 
If the government has followed a practice for 60 years and it knows that theres an extra or oversupply of these grains then it has to be the government which has to handhold the farmer to change the crop pattern (like incentive being given by Haryana government) away from what the government asked the farmer to begin with initially in 1960s to overcome the food shortages. Rightfully the successive governments should have begun this around the time the oversupply began. Like earlier Pu jab had lot of Maze, oil seeds etc down but they changed the crop pattern to wheat & rice as the government wanted this to be done. With the water table receding, oversupply of some crops vis a vis an under supply of other crops we are now importing , therefore the successive governments should have by now begun to incentivise the farmer to the crops which are in short supply with an assured MSP and their procurement. In few years the farmers would develop confidence and an equilibrium would be reached in crop diversification.
We all indians support our farmers
Perfectly said, he got scared of losing votes in the coming Elections of Punjab and U. P. in 2022. That's the reason why he said like this.
This man always tells lia and this not New for us. I am the farmer and I know what is right and wrong so don't tell such things.  
I support Taliban .Now go for pakistan and win there also .
Did you notice recently there was a news on bringing BSF to Punjab borders? On that decision, Congress, Navjot Sidhu and his team vehemently opposed. Right in the middle of all this, Amrinder Singh resigned and he then met Amit Shah to describe the situation shaping up due to increase in infiltration and this will get only worse post his resignation. Navjot went one step further and started to recommend and then begin to order the new CM Channi to remove authorities from key positions from within Punjab police and that set infiltration at rampant speed. Navjot knew Channi wouldnt oppose, Amrinder would certainly have. Navjot somehow managed to get this far with his plan. If let go with his plans, he would have empowered PFJ with the help of China and Pakistan to then take full control of farmers agitation and cause severe damage to the nation and people of Punjab, Haryana and Western UP. 
Dont speed if you dont know about farmers
Now despite being pro modi, i cannot understand the need to bring these bills.
Big shame for Haryana police..Haryana police of which many employees come from kisan family..and they are breaking head of their brothers relative's
Jai kisan, corporate favour bill wapas lo
I have been searching for the right Explanation, Thank you, Sir, for a beautiful Lecture regarding the issues of the Farmer's bill.
Mr Reddy who blocked roads first and provoked farmers by abusing them? Now in front of farmers government and you can't stand, so you are showing vage situation to create confusions.
There is a lot's of discussion is happened and his intention is, he wants to blame BJP  and indirectly supporting Congress.. Nothing else
Farmers are neglected in an agricultural dependent country. Authorities are ignonarat.
High time BJP should get lost.Full support Congress.Fight back Congress.Only Congress knows how to run the government. 
People are scared but think if msp as a concept is not removed altogether, and allowed to remain, while giving farmers unlimited, unending choice between apmc and industrialists (it should not be like "ok but you said you'll go with reliance, so you cant come back to apmc because your deal didnt work out") there shouldn't be a problem at all.
GOD BLESS YHE. STUDENTS WHO SUPPORT THE FARMERS 
 When Modi was just six months old, India had hosted the first Asian Games in New Delhi and Jawaharlal Nehru introduced India's first five-year plan.
There was and is no agreed route for revolution. March on Rajpath Occupy Parliament. Parliament site is a lease given by farmers. Take it back. 
Why don't you do DNA of BJP or Modi
Farmers unity zindabad
ZeeNews aleays try its best to clean the image of BJP
It's loss for farmers only
Working against the interest of majority of 100 cr HINDUS is very unfortunate never thought BJP will take back farm laws.
Honestly, I do support Indian farm workers due to the issue in which they are facing is similar to what happened in Mexico in 1994 in when the corrupt president of the PRI got elected, he proposed privatization in which his administration cut down on subsidies on small farm workers, collected up small plots of land and sold them to private corporations, and help corporations take control of farmland. This types of policies were disastrous in Mexico due to food prices rose dramatically, inflation became extremely high, the farm worker produced and was struggling a lot more. And a lot more Mexican farm workers fled to the US. I hope Indian Farm workers get these types of laws removed due to privatization is bad and important sectors like farming should be kept by the people not by corporations.
Just a Mashup of clips from news channels... Very vague explanation of the laws.. No analysis or anything.. Seems to favor  farmers entirely
Hi bisbo, I am from Telangana, our cm announced that 4000 to all farmers including one with 1000 acres but not giving that to land lease farmers and giving to land owners during Nizam period, there were many zamindars but people and naxsalites taken Thier land and started farming this scheme is to legalize the land of zamindars and give it back to them and to smash the old records of farmers who taken the land from zamindars he is computirizing them
Trump supporters:the media has a left wing bias!
The fact that most of them are not farmers but rather landlords
Shame on BJP. Calling farmers terrorists and the person killing farmer is their MP. Time to overthrow BJP
Sir, the best scenario is more govt.mandies closer to the farmers & guaranteed MSP  & a guaranteed procurement of atleast the 23 farm produce which is already there on paper. This not only is reassuring to the farmers but at the same it generates more employment opportunity due to more mandies. The govt.can use part of the produce to distribute to PDS (ration shops) to meet the govt's social obligation which also the govt.can use it as assured vote bank of the poor. The balance of farm produce procured & stored may be sold to Pvt.players  at higher rates for them to add value & sell at good profits. This will be a win-win for all stake holders.
Congratulations to Indian farmers specially our east Punjabi bros. Love from west Punjab
Request with everyone pls support these farmers. I m from Patna Bihar
Respect farmers if you eat food daily you fools
Time will come if this government remian then farmers have to sell their crops to private company. Last some years farmers amount is pending and for any one if he not get his amount on time then how come he survive.
Finally justice for farmers
#I stand with farmers protest
Oh no ..This action is so barbaric guys, Its very painful to watch..I am sure Blind Bhakts must be clapping and celebrating, busy in sharing fake/doctored videos everywhere. I feel so bad for Upians, logon ki etni durgati vanha..It seems past is repeating again" East Indian Company Rule there ..We UP people demands from supreme court for "Immediate President Rule" till upcoming election..
The hard working farmer is being penalized by the BJP government by passing anti-farmer laws. And this newscaster has got literally NO idea as to why these honest farmers are protesting.
So it was a war between British owned King and Farmer. And today again its a Queen Owned Shudra and Farmer. 
In Australia deregulation of the dairy industry has had many small farmers drop out. The big supermarkets have taken advantage. It is more expensive to buy 1 Litre of water, than 1 Litre of milk. India Farmers look after them as they supply your food!
Only punjab and hariyana ke wajah se other garib states ke kishano ka kiya hoga..ye chahe..congress ho ya khalistani ya Chinese..sab ke pichhe ..oppositions ke hat he... yesab topiwalo se..beware...
Modi se Bara India me actor koi nhi Hai 2021 Hai award modi ko Dena chahye or award jooti ho I mean shoes or hona gold ka chaye akhhir pm modi jo hain
Zee news and Sudhir chaudhry zindabad, we are fan and your supporter from Himachal
Mark my words this media will jump from godi to fauladi media in a blink, even bjp will be face the same situation of opposition likenow.....
my father is a farmer...and i understand this well..
Thanks BBC News for not forgetting the farmers like any other news organization. 
Shame police is throwing stones. This is too much. I support farmers but not farmer unions
Am amazed by Shekhar Guptas  "Chutzpah"....in his own show Cut The Clutter, he was bent on steeling Modi govts resolve in pushing the Farm laws, terming it as Mr. Modis Thatcher moment !!.....and now when things are unravelling he sits on the side why farm laws are a lost cause....Time Mr Gupta did some soul searching!!
Your wording "few lives lost" is humiliating to the farmers.Around 900 farmers lost their lives and for you it is "few lives". What sort of reporting is this?
Full support Strong support from Indian Muslims to our sikh brothers and farmers from all over India 
If there is so much surplus of wheat and rice, why can't the government reduce the MSP of these during the yearly revision cycle? That will automatically motivate the farmers to switch to other produce right?
government should be in between farmer and corporate 
THANK YOU VICE ..so important for the world to care for india farmers!! the bread basket...and of course almost nothing in america media..their to busy keeping us in fear of each other and covid lies!!! corporate corruption!!!
Those were not farmers protesting they were the middle man between farmers and customers protesting. They misguided farmers now farmers will know how they missed such an opportunity of national development. We are with modiji forever.
This is history against political king farmers tk drastic steps all farmers ad citizens  should follow MP farmers footsteps Ma Bharati 
Save the farmers, and save the world!
Bahot bakarchodi ho Gaya Sabko saza do jo involved hai or ye jo nakli farmer bane hue hai road block Kar rahe hai inko bhe hatao action lo
Repealing the Farm Act. Is a master strock of Modiji. Chit bhi mera Pat bhi mera .
BJP should do these things before passing any bill 
Only Congress ruled states protesting? Is it really a farmers problem or Congress misguiding these people?
By this withdrawal, the middlemen will get greatly benefited to the detriment of small and marginal farmers!  Pity the farmers of Punjab & Haryana!!
TN farmers - first time?!
Farm laws - farmers can sell their produce outside APMC if he likes.This law not talk about MSP
I am so proud of my motherland PUNJAB ! More than that I am proud of every farmer and every single person who is contributing to this REVOLUTION...
1) Companies can lure the farmers for contract farming resulting in excessive use of pesticides and promoting mono-cropping which is bad for the ecosystem (as well as fertility of soil)
Before rejoicing or dissing the volte-face Farm Bill repeal we could do no worse than not examining who or what might reap the maximum benefit from all these creative hullabaloos.
I am support always farmer
 9. In 2021 January govt gave an option to protesting farmers union that it will hold the laws till 2 years until 
Besides he is not apologising for the pain and suffering he has caused to the farmers. He is apologising because he could not convince a section of farmers.
Talibani Tikeit & his grocery agents should be held guilty for violence, on the name of poor Farmers.
with new bill, Indian government will not be responsible for farmers products, and all pushed into market , however, India's farming is very low efficiency, India has 25% more arable land than China, but the total yield is only less than 1/2 of China's, the low efficiency means high cost, India's grain has not much profit space to compete in world market, Ambanis, can simply import from world market,  and sell to India, and at the same time, they can use it to set the price for the grain or other agriculture products to form monopoly too, India farmers and ordinary people will suffer , only Ambanis got huge benefit.
ye kisaan akele nahin hain...."WO BHI HAIN JO IN FARM BILLS KA SUPPORT KARTIEN HAIN"....These Laws are good for the farming.....Reforms are needed...
Manohar lal Khatter sleeping & not doing anything for farmers . Please PM Modiji remove immediately Manohar lal Khatter from CM.
See farmers were not happy with these laws govt. repealed them, farmers shud be happy now, the outcome will it be fair unfair all will know soon
Keep repeating the same that BJP is a banana party and India is a banana republic
More power to the pro-democracy farmers
I am guessing but i think the government should protect its farmers from capitalism. Food is non negotiable. So many factors affect farming so losing this sector of the economy is death to the whole country. Stand strong or food prices will escalate beyond peoples income. Even in Europe we subsidise farmers food is life, how can the government be so stupid. Oh i know GMO's. follow the money people.
So now its final that a few sections of farmers will enjoy their benefit more like they were middle man who used to exploit small farmers, they'll continue to do so.
Yes give 42lakh subsidy to farmers like in USA and bring the new law,if you really want to follow foreign countries follow everything not just a part of what they do
idiotic expression by expert,why farmers of other states are committing suicide
Shameless protests costing national economy,tractors must be used only in farm lands not in posh roads,need strong,disciplined judiciary.
They are indians they are not from Pakistan remember that modi ji these crappy dirty politics of yours will not work these time..
people who beat up the people who feed them .... why should farmers feed such a population .... absolutely shameful ....
This People are not Farmers but Khalasthani founded People..
Arfa the excelled journalist. God bless you. Thanks for true reporting. Now no need of main  or bikaow godi media. Social media has filled void place.
Galat faisal MOdi OK  thanks to rebuild of India bagair RSS
Rakesh Tikait answered well.
In case of industry in some cases the government gives land to industry but a farmer can not purchase a land beyond land celing (12.5 acres in UP) even from his own money
Govt says the agitation is by rich farmers. With agricultural land ceiling laws in all  States, I do not see how there are rich farmers. Will somebody explain why MSP about which the Govt. is willing to give a written assurance,  cannot be given a  statutory sanction.
I support farmers 
Well, to shorten the case, the laws of mandi will remain intact. The new laws are for something outside the mandis. If farmers are skilled enough to produce quality food, then instead of minimum selling price(MSP), they can sell it to corporates or restaurants through contracts like those done in commodity markets. And the new laws are putting these corporates and restaurants or any other bidder to pay the farmers and obey the contract. So these laws are just another option, and that doesn't banish the mandis option.
Dont aspect any thing positive from BJP and modiji.
Not  a  asli farmers  only  congres
Amazing di... finally ,today I came to know about real and genuine aspects of farm bills.
Good work by police to end this endless drama for farmer protest
Sometimes I wish India was not a democracy. These so called farmers should be punished with cruelty.
700 people of farmers death 
The farmers need to understand the laws and policies of the govt. and The Government has to be patient.....
Farmers wins 4th time, 2 times under British rule
Worst PM in Indian history Modi so worst things happen in the country...
Indian govt state plus central govt have a combined outstanding debt of 2.7 Trillion dollars. Food grain prices are decided globally and also depends upon demand and supply. Godowns in India have been overflowing with wheat & rice. No space is left to keep foodgrains. India has over supply of wheat and rice which pushes the prices down.
Media: Following the protests of farmers, India fell into chaos.
I stand with farmers....hamare farmers ishliye central government pe vishwas nahi kar rahe kyuki hamare PM Modi bhut hi jhut bolte h
Govt should let states to decide whoever wants these laws to implement it... Southern states of India are much more educated and people has a progressive mindset in that part of India..let Punjab and Haryana don't implement the laws.
But China in your country farmers won't be allowed
Same thing done in Kashmir we call them terrorism we feel the pain of farmers kisan zindabad
FOOD IS LIFE,FROM A SIMPLE SEED,THE HEALING BEGINS FOR INDIA,YOUR LUCKY TO HAVE MODI,NOW,TREAT HIM GOOD,AND YOU'LL HAVE MODI FOR A LONG LIFE,IAMIAM-IAMJOHN
Sdm ordering crush the heads of farmers , how is this legal ? He should be put behind bars immediately
Do the producers of this video know about the three laws? Do they know about the history of agriculture? Do they know that many economists have come in support of the laws ? Do they know that some farmer unions are happy with the new laws? Do they know that the symbol of Indian Democracy was attacked? Do they understand the gravity of the situation, imagine a capital of a nation has been blocked by road on all sides. Do they know about the effect of the protest on the economy of the border communities.
You are saying that more than 340 cops are injured I also condemn that and i am also agree that the violence is bad but what about the lives of those 70+ farmers who lost their lives during protest who is responsible for that?
I feel ashamed that people in order to support a party defend the brutal killing of farmers...Today,a video has surfaced where it can be clearly seen that the TWO cars were too fast and farmers had no time to react..They r depressed and now if this happen then riots will take place out of anger..
The main question is that why is Bihari farmer still the poorest in India even though they under new laws since 2006 and these are the same laws as passed by BJP last year?
I guess not, because the farm bill is only a  choice provided to the farmer to either sell to the APMC or any private player.  (Preamble of the bill) . Here the farmer is made KING n not the blood sucking middlemen.
Rakesh tiket urf terrisrst comedy achi kar Leta hai 
I always stand with farmers...Hatss off to all supporters...and remaining Bhagwaan unko sadbudhi de....
I always stand with Farmers 
There is no sense of msp( minimum support price) unless there is a mqs(minimum quality standard)
Well sc should know this protest will die down after Punjab and up election 
I am with farmers 
*NOT ONLY FARMER PROTEST WE NEED STOP  EVM MACHINE  & REDUCE PETROL PRICE*
Huge Blunder of PM Modi.. I think he will transform the farming sector, but unfortunately he disappointed as always.
I think 156 comments will not support farmers 
Violence was wrong, but before licking RSS boot, do you remember the Tamil farmer protest?? Did they got solution??
Regarding farmers can go any state for selling their product as per new bill but most of farmers cant afford to go same state different cities then how they can go to other cities ?
Hooligans not Farmers protesting in the most non violent way possible. Our National Flag was desecrated. Totally unacceptable to indulge in arson, rioting and waging war against the Nation.
Farmers are real heros
One chapter of History is now completed for future students.... Btw congratulations to those farmers who fought for their respective issues against the GOI.
Great work ma'am. An impartial perspective is highly needed for a better conceptualisation of any topic . The Indian media including news channels, certain YouTube channels and social sites must learn to document facts unbiasedly  from you.
Yes we are open for reforms. But without consulting and forcefully levying laws on us wont work. We are the citizens and Modi is our servant . Its his duty ( that he chosen himself) to listen to his masters (citizens of india) and do accordingly.
God bless u..for gr8 cooperation to farmers..n also thankful for respect of punjabi's relationship
so there were many many loopholes in farm bill &  farmers are well educated than Prime minister.
There is no difference between Modi govt and talibans
APMC penetration is more in  Punjab and Haryana, thus more govt procurement. Impact of Abolition of APMC's monopoly in bihar is not comparable to punjab  and haryana because of different  administrative capacities of these state. Further  Fertilizer subsidy, water subsidy and assured price for last 50 years. (Assuring both cost and benefit) and expecting gain in efficiency, it is not farming but rent-seeking. The impact of these policy have been grave on  sustainability of water table and impact on air pollution. Further it has distorted market supply from demand and available resources at hand. These benefits comes out of the pockets of hard earning individuals of this nation. Further we have many times higher production of rice and wheat than what we eat as a nation. Why ? It is not the fear of Adani or Ambani but simple market forces of demand and supply and farmers of  other states getting at par with farmers of punjab.(just compare the per capita of punjab with other agricultural dependent  state ).
That guy literally smacked a person on his head with the stick. These people are farmers?? My foot. I just cant believe didnt he feel anything while doing it and Rakesh tiket and other political leaders happily ignore this. Shame on all of them. They should rot in hell.
Bjp's father's brother 's sister in laws sons sisters grandfather's brother name is zee news
MSP is not for private players/ buyers( so no question of re-cartelization )  .... It is minimum price  for which Government buys (invariably  at 150 % of input cost ...for selected commodity )  from farmers  please correct yourself sir
Dont say farmers...i know ...who all are there. The real farmers are working.
Big farmers are also partners in mandi (APMC)
Rakesh tikait is more intelligent than the anchor . He destroys the Godi media agenda.
India has already 2 enemies will it afford a third at a time when gdp is going negative 23 modi fails every where miserably be in internal or external issue.
1. July 2020: Tikait welcome the bills
Please fight for Amaravathi AP capital farmers as well AP farmers support you , no one supporting AP farmers, they are protesting for 345 days. No one responded. Please , help them and help each other to fight against this evils.
So what if goverment do as the farmers demanded....does it give worse outcome to  india than having this protestors filled the street?
What about farmers from MP, Maharashtra, UP, Rajasthan? They go in the dust bin, I guess.
Hey Indians, Happy Republic Day. Bharat mera mahaan. New India of Modi. Isse acha China hay.
1. The three farm bills are already in place and working fine as of now 
well done  Tikait you are changing the political discourse of India
So in short the new bill was giving more freedom but farmers didnt like it . Hmm the irony .
This cleared everything about Farm Bills! Much grateful to you for this.
The rogues in farmer's guise are giving excuse for the violence they committed ..and their crude argument  is THAT they waited for two months for the Govt to give in to their demands since the Govt did not relented they RIGHTFULLY indulged in Violence and shown disrespect to the Indian tricolour because they ran out of patience   Now here is my COUNTER ARGUMENT ,first the farm law was passed  following all the legal processes of law in the parliament ....if law   passed by parliament cannot be implemented than where is the SANCTITY of parliament ...it will set a bad example and raise questions on the   functionality of Parlimentary Democracy and constitution itself ,2nd ,still the Govt. had shown sincerety to resolve the issues  by holding  many rounds of talk with the  so called farmer's leaders  ,so the Govt. did it's best to resolve the issue . 3rd No one has the right to disrespect the national flag ,by bringing down the National Flag and putting something else in its place and that too when the nation is celebrating Republic day ..It is clear now  the anti-nationals disguised as farmers are not interested in any resolution ,their only purpose is to weaken the Nation and the Govt .and push ahead their own anti-national agendas camouflaged as farmer's movement .The Govt. of India should take strong steps against such anti-nationals and Govt.  display  its strong resolve not to give in to blackmailing and pressure tactics of anti- nationals assisted ,abetted  and fueled by inimical forces both inside and outside the country .
You have done a great job of providing a true image of this movement by bringing history of farmers and highlighting the government's authoritarian agenda overall...
This time we watch tractor rally of farmers....the real republic Day rally
Greed of politicians and Business heads create the clash between the security forces and simple people including Farmers.
One year wasted for farm laws.Only  about 8% of Indian farmers attended this agitation.That is only Punjab and Haryana.Maharastra.Karnataka..MP...Kerala...TN...UP...Goa...WB...other states 5% farmers not participated.Is Punjab farmers are only in India.It is nothing but Silly politics.Both sides lost nothing and gain nothing.
Never ever trust Amabni-Adanis sale and support team aka east-India company 2.0 aka BJP-R$S.
Even if the government increase their number of storage facilities (capacity) one question every one must ask is that are we building those storage space for meeting the demand of our mases or just to procure from the farmers so that they stay happy.
Govt itni gadhi hai....they don't realuze ki moment ander se kitna strong hai..baar baar atyachar karke they are making it more strong..last year chup chap oct mei..govt ne peacefully protesting ffarmwrs ki mange man li hoti..easily sab sab settle hota...i say jo log waha baithe hai...aur already itna dard jhel chuke hai..itne dukho ke baad ab ho ge hai fear less...fatoo sarkar...modi sarkar...isko yeh moment le dubega...meri har dua mei farmers ki jeet hai...
I respect farmers more than soldiers.
Calm down my crying Indians. Musliims government in Afghanistan have forgiven every one. No body Will be harmif he is peaceful. Muslims rulers inn India never hurt Hindos neither forced religion on hkndos. Support Muslims not hurt them in India.
what is this shit of zee news, only showing video after incident and claiming farmers are bitting thoughs guys in jeep but in real first jeep act on the farmers who are walking on the road in which four farmers died at the spot and many of them injured. then farmers become offensive and then they started to act on the jeep. THIS IS THE REAL INCIDENT HAPPENED. jeep is of union minister's son. zee news should show real incident. I AM BJP SUPPORTER BUT  now I am upset with bjp.
I m a farmer also we need change
These Black Farm laws are against the CONSUMERS .  Harmful to the farmers as well as consumers .
Hindustan me taliban ke 25 crore supporters hain.. 
Fantastic farmers  
(Jai ram ) these govt only thinks about caste votes...Modi ji planned so well in these farmers bills how to make happy INDIA CRORES BUSSINESS MANS and UNDERGROUND MAFIA who planned this bill
Modi ji come and have debate on it with ravish u will come to know what you did. Always u alone speaks let ravish ji get chance to speak
These farmers should flee the country until learns it's lesson
Pakistanis support the Farmers movement. More power to our Sikh brothers and sisters. The oppression has to end!
do not Blame farmers. Some of them are anti.social elemnts.
Achha kiye apne ye laws retract karliye,  aagar laws galat the to wapas leke apke jit huyi aur agar achhe the to bhi apki hi jit huye, apne kaushish to ki. Let the farmers take their decision of their own  future. Haar jit ka feishla unko khudko karne de
I support farmers, Jai hind
So you said that the Taliban have no access to their foreign currency  right now, so my question is what if China will help them and fund them or Russia? because these countries are ruled by totalitarian regimes and these regimes would want to have an ally like the Taliban I guess. So it is not hard to guess that these countries will do whatever they have to do to have another ally against the West.
Now those farmers should protest who wants to pass these bills.....not only farmers I think everyone who supported these bills should come forward and stop this repealing of bills.
@Finology Legal , What will happen if repeal bill doesn't get majority 
Seems for the moment a good decision from an electrol perspective, but how long the reforms are going to getting stalled like this especially when this is  an issue only related to vested interest of some section of one state or a rich section belonging to one  caste  and rest of the india is not much worried or rather its more of a beneficial law , Let me ask a question why a particular state or caste needs to be  kept silent by   feeding with money that can be spend for greater good for the country ? Especially this will impact only the middleman and so called farmers will be still under their control and their own fate, Other states have shown better results and moved forward. Every law needs to be discussed and gov used an opportunity to bypass the parliament , I believe government did give enough explanation in parliament and most political parties have.this reform as a part of their manifesto no one have guts to implement it  , l can understand if it is related to land reforms  or if it impacts regional, linguistic or cultural aspects or major constitutional amendments except for 370 and 371, of this nation that definitely needs a wider discussion and more careful analysis,Even a law that has wider implications was passed without much deliberation or less discussion ie NEP, So according to Sekhar Sir's logic any law that impacts Punjab or Haryana or Western UP needs to be discussed explicitly discussed in Parliament and rest is fine or can be ignored, Sorry I don't take to this point.May be a bit harsh but it's a fact.
Very good for farmers. Jai Hind Jai Bharat.
These were seperatists the clip if nishad.. there is exclusively mention of "sikhon ko maarne k liye" not "farmers".. 
When the US left the Taliban unstable after the collapse of the USSR and did not keep its promises (as usual), the Taliban launched terrorist attacks against Western countries, and 9/11 was the result of those unsettled promises. After 9/11, America again invaded Afghanistan with its military power and after 20 years of long war America made Afghanistan restless. So what has been achieved in 20 years?
They are not farmers, they are all gundas govt should take action against them. Danda lekker kon pardarshan kerta hai.
I hope we get to see more of Priyanka gandhi from the opposition because rest of the opposition is dead including rahul Gandhi and old congress leaders. Garibo, kisan aur mazdoor maar raha hai aur uski jaan ki kimat ye desh mey kuch nahi hai aysa q?
Nice.. Could have also talked about why the protest were carried out by predominantly Punjabi farmers and not farmers from southern or eastern states .
Government is doing this not to benefit the farmers..... but to pay back corporates who have funded election rallies and MLA/MP purchases... otherwise government has no incentive to meddle in a subject which comes under the state list.....
sorry but i cant stop crying,opposition and wealthy farm leaders will be punished by god but modi will also be punished as he chose party over nation
Govt of india is responsible for tht not farmers
"We are proud vegetarians and yet ran over farmers who grew our vegetables."
We too are farmers, 90% farmers are with govt.
Each State Govt should document successful progressive farmers and these farmers can be used for handholding of rural unemployed youth.
7:28 Farmer pays back money borrowed with interest? Are!! Who takes interest from their own family? Sounds like a business relationship to me. But i understand that the farmers have no other avenue for such loans. BY the way what are the interest rates these "Personal relations" charge the farmers? not mentioned. hmmm. 
Congratulations to all  Kishan Brothers and sisters and  Sriman  Rakesh Tiket ji ko.
They might be farmers But BELONGS to a particular POLITICAL PARTY that also belongs to a CASTE
But why mandi system is only good in punjab and haryana? Government should make more mandis accross the country so that all farmers could get a good price  for their crops
NDTV is showing only one side of story. In Lakhimpuri both parties were were responsible both parties killed each other. But farmers played victim Card
After all the farmers deaths... Curses shall come upon this man.... God speed.
Since for several months the Farmers are struggling like anything.  The Farm Laws which are against the Farmers should be cancelled immediately by the present BJP ruling Government which Farm Laws are raised by the present BJP Government.  Actually the Farmers are not only protesting for their benefits but for the benefits of entire nation.
Sonipat city is also closed bu kisan.please help modiji
I really appreciate the objection raised by the kisaan  leader on the background images. It's high time  all the people start boycotting these media events participation.
1) Jab police farmers ko tractor parade ki ijazat di thi to limitations rakhne chahiye the tractors or logo ki
Great respect to farmers... Who have  done the greatest protest of the decade... Now govt has to listen to them... They must listen... Or they will fall
PM Modi has crossed the age of 70. Now as per provision laid by him regarding age of a leader, he should voluntarily roll back himself and should clear the way ahead for leaders like  CM Yogi Adityanath and  minister Nitin Gadkari. RSS should work in this direction.
And feel proud of our sikh farmers 
The best ever bills to strengthen and safeguard the interests of the farmers.
My support day to day increase to Ravish kumar
This is the reality of Modi Yogi double engine govt. Two vehicles to mow over the innocent.
India has every right to carry out farm reforms. These farmers don't seem to understand that the free market system will help them become more productive and wealthier. The socialist system will not change their current status. Their children will inherit that sad existence under the current system.
Like the dispute between farmers and corporates will not go to court but will be settled by an Administrative officer. This can lead to favoured judgment as the law will not take ita due course
Dear Dhruv, I follow your videos and really appreciate your work. But regarding the farm bills, I think you didn't get your points right. I think you should delve deep into free market economy and why or why not it's good for farmers and consumers.  
If the Farmer protest fails, this will be the last protest we are witnessing
The truth on the ground is that people like this law and the Government after looking at the acceptance level they are not trying too hard to resolve this issue. The reason behind that is that these so called farmers are only asking for repeal and once a decision is made and if it is good for the Nation then Modi is not going to repeal it no matter how much this escalates.
3 BJP activists and 1 driver were beaten to death by so called farmers
No body uttered a word, when families of BJP were killed in west bengal post election violence!
Look at this man, he is really good actor of India from gujrat, that's why people of india gave him pm position, but the Oscar   awards always goes to other countries actors. I'm so much affended by this yar..., This Oscar awards showing so much partiality towords indian actors,  Look at our honourable prime minister's Narendra Modi ji, he is such an good natural actor.
These farmers are justified
Ravish  ji  is  a  great  man  of  India.
India is no more secular country....one day Kashmir will be separated along with khalistan and mizoram as separated countries 
I personally think the new farmer laws will be very beneficial for our country however peace needs to maintained and our citizens need to be protected
Whoever win the election it doesn't matter but i am happy for all those farmers martaryed farmers who win there fight against such a mighty and arrogant leaders 
Huge step back for India.. Always support free market..
*I RESPECT AND SALUTE INDIAN FARMERS PARTICULARLY WHO FAUGHT LIKE ROCK SOLID*
Sooo recpect full MODI Ji
My father was a farmer and my whole family  still depend on Agriculture. I request All Indians to support farmers .Jai jawan jai kisan.
Congratulations on victory of Kisan Andolan
Vested interests of farm mafia will make whole farmers community suffer from poverty for decades to come. This is defeat of silent majority. Be silent and see your rights and benefits go down the drain one by one due to organized few.
I support the farmers of Punjab India from the Pakistan Punjab side... respect and support farmers
This really changed my vision even i thought ki yeh sab andolan se khud ka hi nuksaan hota hai and powerful people never back down but hats off to the farmers such a great will power
Government  have to  make  rules  no one  andolan  stop  high wayor railway, they have  rights  but not like  that please  Modiji  make  kanun
Whatever happened on the 26th was preplanned by BJP and RSS goons. The guy who posted a video of raising the flag at Laal Kille, Deep Sidhu, has deep connections with BJP. His pictures are viral on social media where he is sitting with the PM and Amit Shah in a conference room. Sunny Deol has regarded him as his younger brother. If he is Khalistani, has anyone questioned PM Modi and Amit Shah to clarify their connections with Khalistani people? 
We stand with Indian farmers
Finally really feeling happy for our farmers. After every hardship there is relief.
Mandi system is benefitting Punjab farmers since very long.
i have one doubt, during the contract farming price will be decided before signing the contract or once the crops are harvested then after knowing the msp at that time?
Comment to all my Farmer Protestors :: , I can understand. One thing i want to point out you is " just tell me  are there farmers only in Punjab, Haryana and UP and they shall make loss with this Bill? Why not the Farmers of  rest  of  India protect it? What is the Politics  behind this sponsored Farmer Protection, Indians alongwith me want to know. If you justified this then sure I shall become Devotee of Tikayat ji.
Who is saying Punjab, UP elections are coming 
I am Saheb Das (from West Bengal), the son of a farmer. Our family is dependent on farming. We got the badge of unemployment long ago due to the wealth of the present government. Last winter's cultivated paddy could not be sold yet due to the low market price. It is becoming difficult to run the family every day.
They have prevented the farmers from realising real price and income for their crops..
My future PM is Yogi Ji. I will only vote for Yogi Ji. Jai Hind.
Now the last law says, a farmer can sell his crop anywhere in India. How can a farmer afford to travel and sell his crop with all the travelling expanes, gas and so, when there are farmers who own less than 2-3 acres. 
The food I have today. And the tears from the farmers made me cry...  Those who eat food support our farmers.or else all will suffer including b. Jp. And. R. Ss.
Forget about losing the battle!! Modi and Shah haven't even begun to play their game. And I'm saying this when I'm a congress supporter. I know what they can do!!
There isnt much in they way of an arguement for why these laws where brought into existence in the first place. Dont really expect VOX to be objective when their is a left wing narrative to peddle. If the farmers get better price they should be allowed, but they shouldnt expect the taxpayers to fund their inefficienct methods. The govt is no better, but an unregulated market is necessary to bring in much needed capital. As to your arguement on bihar, simpluly deregulating the the market is not enough, there isnt much in the way of capital to go into bihar wherw the political setup is significantly more dysfunctional for any sane investor to get involved in. The arguement vox peddles is the same reason why India remained where she was for 40+ years. Vox is a product of post 2008 US, their fundamentally ideology is distrust towards market regulated or otherwise, nothing they've said so far has shown otherwise. Considering how  era defining these farm laws are and the effect it will have in India , a bit more objectivity and analysis of the arguements behind the govts rationale wpupd have been appreciated even if that's too much of an ask.
corporate will  take away  lands of  small farmers
And one more point, the commodity share market will not give the MSP (minimum support price) as markets behave on demand, supply and future predictions. It may give the indicative fair price but that can be lower than the farmers own expense and hard-work.
#StandWithIndianFarmers
As The Print is going by the laws... The farmers are scared of the outcomes of these laws. Because wherever Contract Farming has been put in place (Eg: Bihar), the farmers have been reduced to labourers by the corporates. Also, what about handling the greivanves of farmers in case of dispute, the highest authority they can go to is, SDM, not even Courts.. What about that?
Government compares itself with US and other advanced countries like see we can become like them if we privatise everything but they don't say they can give free education, huge subsidies to farmers to each and every corner of the country... Our government should first priotise education and farmers subsidy and prove their capability.
Gist of all farm bills, the concept of rich and poor state is new for me,
2) Minimum support price concept: It's dynamic one,depends upon the yearly produce and corps may vary from one year to another. It can't be fixed by law. However,in proposed ammendments govt is saying that it won't remove MSP concept
Rakesh tikait is brilliant minded person.
God bless you all farmers, and spotter's aap sab ko dher Sara love you hai,, 
modi media will not show it
Nice video,  I think The Farmer Bills are Very Good for Farmers and our Country
As a Punjabi-Sikh I cried watching this wholesome coverage by Samdish. Thank you SchoopWhoop for this <3 can't thank you enough.. farmers need these types of platforms to express their views  Love from Punjab.
9)Govt should monitor and provide all food safety instructions to farmer as well as consumers.
It feels to bad as a Indian to see these visuals on our republic day.... support to the farmars but the level of distruction the day has seen.....hurts....hope the situation may calm down rapidly....spread brotherhood
BJP gonna pay the price soon
i am here to answer ur questions ,we support farmers
Modi want to make vote bank stronger for U.P election.
Thank you for a very well explained video, although not everything is wrong in the farm bill, but I see the loopholes, but that is prevalent in any kind of process. Cant government and farmers come to the middle way where farmers' interests are also be maintained, and the bill can also be passed?
"Y r only sikh farmers protesting"
This is see whole Indian former's support us 
YOUR GREAT PM MODIJI SIR 
MSP - minimum support price is NOT as this Indian correspondent explains.
Long live the farmers unity.
We support all farmer with tikayait
After removal of these farm laws, every farmer became cororpathi
Prayers for the Victims and their Families ...God Arise Save our Farmers 
Not all farmers only 5 percent people 
Amateur  anchors from TRV9 Bharatvarsh.  Last time Akhilesh slammed this channel anchors for doing biased interview session and this time they have taken another leap in biased questions. Paid media. Hats off to Tikait Saab for answering all questions diligently and efficiently.
Modi is a such a brave leader . Even for elections also we should have bend infront of them like this.
Im a muslim but my first religion is my nationality INDIAN ...AND i always support my india in any favour .....jai hind ..Jai hind
Biden and his bosses in Democrats just cannot afford another debacle like takeover of Taiwan by China after what happened in Afghanistan with Taliban where Biden managed to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. 
I m son of farmer from a village of punjab ..
Two Nobel laureates,  both in Economics, both open about their no-love for PM Modi, have backed this law saying it's a great way ahead for the farmers in india. I neither understand politics, not understand economics, but I believe these Nobel laureates. Still Mr Rathee wants to prove that the law was wrong. Clearly, no one values for education or expertise in this country.
Zee News only BJP ka News he
says .small farmer is going
why you calling Haryana it calls Punjab Haryana Himachal Pradesh and current punjab are one big part of punjab
I am sorry but now I am not going to support the farmers any more. This farmer's issue is now going communal!!!, Jai Hind
He should have passed this bill. India would have benefitted.
Farmers are the real life Ironman
Reasons behind farm laws repealed given by nitish ji are 100% real.
Badle badle mere sarkar nazar aate hain. Godi of the week.
Isko agle election me Ticket chahiye  bjp se bhaiya 
This bills are beneficial for all India.
Woahhh  very nice now I think those so called farmers who decided to stay poor and paying commission to middle man the let them live like that we don't care but all of those real farmers who supported this I am really sad for them
"FEW LIVES LOST " Have you gone mad?? Over 900 farmers are killed and for you these are few lives. Shame on this type of reporting.
Maximum farmers don't know about the bill,only they are misleading by Agents n opposition .in India rumors n mesleading is so easy,becoz we don't hv own sense n capicity.
You shud b shameful sir.. You shud have consulted farmers 600 plus sacrificed their life. If anything needs to done at least take them into confidence abhi ye natakbazi band karo no doubt you have taken great and historic decisions but this was crap literally blot
Worst fellows of india are punjab farmers. Thu.
The new law allows the farmers to be free.
Now blaming modi rally and kumbh for the current crisis in India, 
Ppl must undetstand, he can not fix everything... farmers have to fight this battle a little longer
Vice should make a content on how the Indian television media is working...
How could Modi government want to make more difficulty for the fermers. ? How is it possible  that  government  are not helping the farmers but the business man .
There are so many states are not join to the protests for bills only two states are protesting they have no problems with new law then why and what should be want to do with original Farmers. Jai Hind
Iam sorry but your information is not entirely correct, according to 2020-21 Madhya Pradesh had sold 33% more wheat than Punjab and Haryana. Same with Rice too states like Odisha and chattisgarh had sold more Rice than punjab & Haryana. 70% marginalized farmers from MP benefited from MSP, only 1% (>10 acres) farmers benefited from MSP.
Some group join in farmer's protest and started riots 
MSP is the first right of farmers 
If Owaisi is the B team of BJP then why did they use him in West Bengal election? He could have splitted Mamata's votebank i.e. 30% muslim vote. AIMIM didn't even bothered to contest election in WB. Or TMC too is the B team of BJP?
Wow... simply wow.... This is a quality production video. If this video is translated into local language and telecast in all the regional television, Indian middle class people (most powerful sect in Indian present sociology) will understand what farmers are agitating for. I'm sure most of the people in Indian other than farmers doesn't understand what is going on.... because of the sensational news telecasting approach of low quality Indian channels
Atleast Pakistan isnt abusing minorities as India is doing with Sikhs and Muslims
Arrest the minister for perjury. All those responsible for the crime must be hanged in public immediately after reviewing the evidence. BJP RSS HATAO BHARAT BACHAO!
 whole thing was total fun.. if you carefully read the farmers bill you will find farmers are getting all the benifits.. everybody the APMC, the market Dalals, the political parties in power everybody will be in loss except the farmers.. actually the farmers are misguided..
We support kishan
And this is real democracy. India is a great model of democracy for the world to emulate.The farmers have valid reasons, Modi should compromise.
'No one is more patient than a farmer'. Spot on. 
   For the short time we should assure the farmers that MSP will not be abolished.For the long term, we have replace the present crops with those which we are importing.like Palm oil.
Good decision has been taken by honourable prime minister Mr. Narendra Damodardas Modi Ji.
They are not a farmer
With whome these law were discussed  how come businessmen dealing with agricultural  goods like insurance companies  medicine  companies  tractor companies  dealers in cash or grains  financial  companies  fertilizer  companies  are million or and farmer are poor
India mai shikho per zulm ho raha hai.... only one solution free khalistan.
But at the end I'm truly happy for my farmers.
This is defeat of Corporates n Victory of Farmers ! PROUD OF MY FARMER BROTHERS N SISTERS , I Salute their Valor for their rights
3.   As seen in  the west free markets have a way of pricing out the small farmer and favor big  humongous farms, since large farms are way more productive.  What Human Resource policy supports this tectonic shift in our social structure?   Cooperatives?
Getting frightened of UP election,BJP takes back 3 Farm Laws.Crocodile tears in his eyes.Why now, why not a year back?Ye Public sob janti hai
Sushil kajal, a hindu farmer (not sikh) of 1.5 acres land died... shame on this dictatorial government killing its people
the farmers protested as the govt now refused to buy the non basmati paddy which is purchased by only the govt and when it is sold directly to traders they give a very low price as compared to the price which govt pays for the non basmati paddy. The farmers would have occured a heavy loss due to the law and only after the protest did the govt agree to purchase that paddy
I watch a lot of AIM content there are times I agree with him completely and times when I question him. AIM has always been critical of Modi and wants him to do better that's fair enough but that doesn't mean he is always right. Modi is a seasoned politician and he has learnt from Manmohan and Vajpayee they stuck on and lost the government. Modi stood by demonetisation which affected far more people he has his reasons for withdrawing the farm bills. We need to show trust in the PM we chose.
Now a days , Farmer are protesting  in Germany. You aren't showing.
I am from hariyana state, my father dead 22 year ago, and My mother told me every day don't be a farmer,,,, Nobody listens to the farmers, if you become a farmer, you will never be able to go up, because the government is looting the farmers, does not give good prices for the crops,  so My mother told me every day don't be a farmer,
Shame on farmers. They were waiting to lent out their frustration. They should have remained peaceful.
I am not a modi supporter but these laws were kind of game changers. This is really sad. The farmers of this country will always remain poor.
Save our Farmers and Save Nation 
Big win for our farmer brothers. Tamacha on this arrogant and girgit govt.
Treat the peasant farmer like a king because he feeds your people - Julius Nyerere
On a longterm view this bill will clearly create a scenario resembling USA where most of farmland and farming is done by big companies and most of people have looking for jobs in cities, where many are living as homeless.
I think one solution can be, to make these laws suggestion to states. They can adapt it if they like it. So, if farmers from Punjab, Haryana and west UP do not like it. They can choose to not apply it in their respective states. I think it could've been a possible solution.
Jisse sbko ek clear information mile ...nhi toh bhtt channels political party k oppose or support krte hue explain kr rhe h  bill ko..jisse kafi log mislead horhe
That's why in Russia people are supporting Navalny, Arab Spring happened, Trump' s Qanon is exposed and Trump is out. Please don't advocate Sam, Dam... ( Chankya niti). We need to bring morality in life and politics. At least good hearted people should not support it and ask better from their leaders. Sam, dam...brings selfishness, greed and puts country and humanity behind. Country becomes week overall. We must be responsible politicians and people. We all must reject ( and not " enjoy") sam, dam...niti. 
Misled, does the Govt think these farmers as children, to be misled
I feel very sorry today for our farmer brothers and sisters.
Modi Ji is the Best PM.
Tail piece: In India, where 30%. popular votes gets 350 seats in LS, what is real majority is debatable. Also, reforms are either good or bad. If it is good for the Nation alll arms of democracy, including the all knowing media,have to rally behind it. But unfortunately it is opportunism all around, including the media. Sad
They want khalistan, nothing else because CM Amrinder Singh reject this bill in punjab through legislation. So this bill doesn't effect Punjab farmers but the strange thing is that 99% protesters are from punjab. It's all politics.
#we_stand_with_farmer
Workers and Farmers in the world, unite! Stop exploitation of labour!
Actually max 5-10% of the vocal and aggressive farmers  taken ovher 90 -95% silent un organised poor farmers.
6. The Adthi can also become a private company. They will buy the crop from the farmers.
These are not farmers,but middlemen whose income opportunities which they used to get by sucking farmers hardwork ,they used to buy at low prices and then sell at high,real farmers have no problem as they will now get more MSP
chor and bika hua indian media...you should be ashamed of yourselves
Indian farmer bestlove from China
CPI(m) supported the farmers. Don't tell lei. Be honest
He so true please ,how much knowledge he has so sympanthy about farmers ,He is true Indian diamond unlike other fake politicians who use government money to feel there own pockets
Still call those farmers?.. gundas
PROUD TO BE A PUNJABI AND SON OF FARMER. I SUPPORT FARMERS AND THEIR PROTEST. JAI KISSAN , INQLAB ZINDABAD
Thanks to become voice of farmers 
The farmers has just tested blood. The will up the anti
lol police acting as if they did not beat farmers.
Farmers 'organizations are breaking the trust of the people in the courts of India by raising their voices against the law. The farmers' movement has done great damage to the country.
And this gives advantage fr the opposing parties and anti nationals to mislead them, which happened in artical , caa and now farmbill and will happen more if not sloved
I support you farmers in
No Farmer No Food 
   c. Other than punjab and haryana no other state charge district fees and market cess 
I fully supported the farm laws why mainly two states have problems with these laws
Amit Shah must be resigned immediately..all unrest happening in Delhi since he became HM many innocent people of our Nation and kissan got martyed for his conspiracy so BJP RSS Sangi hatred fasciest Govt must be collapse and save our nation save our constitution save our kissan. 
decision could be made by our super hero's(farmers). In other hand government could represent there work from the insurance 
       Singh is king (No farmers no Food)
Modi should rather ban some Indian organizations like AIMIM , separatists in Kashmir, which are  communal and whose ideologies are bordering with that of Taliban
Congratulations Kumar Shyam, for turning into Godi media from true midia.
3 laws were forced 3 laws were repealed and so many farmars died.
The problem with Modi-Shah duo is that they believe in bulldozing the laws through the parliament. If sufficient discussion had taken place in the parliament and the select committees, the opposition would have been far more muted. CAA is another such example. If the government had referred the CAB to the select committee, shaheen bagh and Delhi riots could have been avoided.
it was not just about the farm laws but also about govt trampling democracy under its foot...salute to brave farmers...and victory to democracy..
This win is not only farmers but a tight slap to Democracy villian like Kangana, Godi media and Andbhakts. Today my respect for Gandhian, Philosophy increased. Salute to our Nation Anndaata
Thank you for supporting farmers  and Indian democracy
He released his party will loose in UP, Punjab, UK later in Haryana & eventually in Country.
All falthu leaders of our Country, responds to Farmers bills, but they don't want Real Farmers Interest , desh ka Falthu leaders
Nobody paid attention, but Modi spoke of Zero Budget Farming. i think he is going to gift a desi cow to small farmers and encourage zero budget organic farming.
*ALL PROFESSIONS ARE EQUALLY IMPORTANT.... Farmers is just another profession. There is no need to put them on a pedestal. Some people quote them as ANNADATA & that without farmers there will be no food. and as such must support them. What if there were no doctors, nurses, frontliners; many would hv died during this pandemic What if there were no jawans, police & security personal; there would be anarchy. What if there were no bankers, money lender...; there would financial system will collapse etc*
Now here what I can see that, both the govt. And the farmers are absolutely ryt on their way. But when it comes to certain interest govt. Has tried to safeguard its own.
This is not a farmers movement. By now this should  be clear to all.This is something  much bigger and more dangerous  for our country ,as I see it
After killing so many farmers...wat victory for farmers...sadness to the state of this country.. fought for one yr and he is replying now.. jole PM..worse than trump
Modi Ji was last hope, I thought he had 56 inch ka seena, but it seems like he is a coward.
Ravish kumar ji you and Rakesh tikait ji are really fighting with these demons
you order or sell products online but only & only farmers cant as per old law why such discrimination
+ MSP of Framers ( Min. Support Price)
We need good old Congress established farming system in which all farmers were millionaires there were no middlemen to eat farmers money, where no farmer ever committed suicide. BJP cannot change the decades old farming system which will make millionaire farmers poor.
There are lots of unanswered questions regarding this protest from farmers..1st of all it was mostly concentrated in Punjab and Haryana region where middlemen were powerful, while  farmers from rest of the country were mostly silent. 
Minimum Support Price (MSP)  is like minimum wage operating in the world for laborers. If business houses deliberately finds that quality of produce is not good and Minimum Support Price is not fixed, farmers will be forced to sell compulsorily at lower price to big business houses. This will often lead to depression and frustration and on the part of small farmers who will be forced to commit suicide and sell their land. Big Business houses will accumulate huge produce of farmers through corruption and will make high profit.
Taliban given India a happy Independence Day present 
I am feeling proud as a farmer son I am working in MNC but I did  full support to this agitation and we taught all Indians how to do protest in a proper way because our patience wins over Egoistic raja agay say sochkay bill banana otherwise this type of govt will face negative consequences jai jawan jai Kissan and we all are brothers up punjab haryana kerala Rajasthan tamilnadu Maharashtra Madhya Pradesh and all other states 
Modi is rejecting the earlier setup installed by earlier govt regimes.
BJP has no face to win next election without any doubt after that stepping back.
This peoples are farmer or  public?.
Absolutely wrong picture showcased here .. the farmer laws are for betterment of farmers, its increasing their scope of market ... 90% of Indian farmers are in favor of the law  and a mere sponsored thousands of them can undo the good law which will uplift the standard of living for farmers of my country . Govt held multiple meetings to address their concerns but they have been brought here with agenda to create confusion and hinder the progressive steps taken by govt. 90% of them donot know what the law states ad why they are there . ..It is very unfortunate situation and some paid biased media do all what they can to misinterpret the laws...
Please make a video on what farmers are doing wrong and why so many people got against farmers after 26 jan ..
Previously many bhakts were saying that the driver was panicked and lost his sense of distinguishing between brakes and accelerator....so it was the problem of the farmers? Would love to know what those gobar consumer would say now after watching this video..
Bahut bura hua, citizens will At lost. Very big loss to agriculture sector and small farmers.
They aren't farmers.Donot broadcast their news.This is the service you do to your country
jio and reliance pertol pump bycott kro. ape akal tikane a jani. #supportfarmers. #boycottjio #boycottreliance. make this trending share on your twitter. Please
Now we need a strong and good farmer bill which is made with proper discussion, research for the benefit of farmers. 
If one nation one election law is implemented, can you really believe that these farm law were withdrawal at any cost. I don't think so.
Being an upsc aspirant I've tried very hard to understand the core issues regarding these laws but your explanation cleared all my confusions . I hope that both government and farmers negotiate with each other and come with best outcomes.Thank's a lot mam.
If they have this much water to waste and use against the protesting farmers  then why not  deliver it to places and farmers where there is no availability of water. Its better then foolishly  wasting on protesting farmers. there are many places in india where no availability of water. simply wasting the water on the protesters  so idiotic. in schools we are taught not to waste water and what is this ??? Wasting water  not a good thing shame on u.everything u eat like pigs is the blood of a hardworking farmers don't forget it,. I learned agriculture is the backbone of India and why r u hurting them with tear and all. In school my teacher teach me not to waste water and agriculture in the India's backbone but what i see here is the total opposite, thank u for teaching me u should waste water and lots thanks
Ye desh ko duba denge.....every thing should happen through parliament... Road blocking is terrorist activity not a Democratic FYI - I am also a farmer and i dont support this aandolan
All the Muslims supporting taliban without realizing that it was taliban only who shot Malala. Then how can taliban be really following Islam... wait just because they want sharia law instead of democracy?
One must notice the camps of pro farmers and against farmers in several news forums. It's cut throat hate levels. I  am growing anxiety related to men in ours society. My father was right that BJP would be catastrophic for our country!
WONDERFUL! MOST INGENIOUS ,THE FARMERS OF INDIA ESPECIALLY PUNJAB WILL TEACH THE URBAN ELITE AND INDIAN TRADERS WHAT REAL ECONOMICS IS.
payment to the farmer has to be settled within one month by the buyer  else farmer czn approach the DM,and  dispute resolutions if anyits the DM who needs to decide it ..its a spl assurance to farmers 
these aren't even farmers here. these are just the middlemen who have eaten the farmers share for the past 70 yrs
Hindu Rashtrawad, Sanatan Dharma , Khalistan and government support are things.
Bohot kam mare aur bhi marne chahiye the nakli farmers 
2 month Ho Gaye abhi tak bill out Nahin Hua kisano per kale kanoon laaker  udyogpatiyon ki Jeb bharna Chahte Hain Mukesh Ambani and other vyapariyo this control only only privates company agriculture agriculture ok
Even though modis moves have been quite controversial,  but this is a peer disrespect to the souls of mahatma Gandhi,  Subhash Chander bose , Sarder patel  , Bhagat Singh , all those who fought for the freedom of India. 
Where is our Prime minister Narendra Modi, he comes only to talk Man-khi-bhat and asking for votes from the people, we citizens of India ashamed of our PM and BJP govt.
Excellent work ..We are with farmers 
3)The law says that the farmers can sell their yield outside APMC without paying taxes. APMC is the place where farmers sell their yield by paying some taxes at the prices at which they earn profit . If they say that they can sell their yield outside APMC , then the doors will be opened for private industrial players. Which will in turn end the APMC. If APMC  ends, then The market will be under the control of private players.
#Support the farmers! #Support the farmers!! Support the farmers!!!
If Farmers will not leaving we also fon not talking food.
Sir.  This is effect of elections in UP and Punjab.
God bless all those fighting for their rights and huge respect this is the land of farmers !!
@gurjots 88  bro listen I'm not pro government or anti government ....I'm an indian and it boils my blood seeing that in the name of farmers protest some of these mischievous elements are messing around and breaking our country....n I will support the government if it does something good in terms of strengthening our national security and also speak against them in issues related to labourer migration, demonitisation...btw I have been pro-farmer earlier...bcoz many of the government bills/policies look good in papers but in reality they don't turn out as expected and creates more issue ...the farmers know what is actually good for them so was supporting farmers...but now the real issue is taken over by dirty politics both Indian and International politics...and mind you i have never mentioned these protestors as farmers in my comment ..i dont believe they are real farmers ....now the focus is shifting to Khalistan movement instead of the real issue related to farmers bill... let's hope at the end the real peaceful farmers win and not these violent protestors staged by who knows..Jai Hind ..Jai Jawan Jai Kisan
Support the Indian farmers 100%
I'm Indian.  I must tell there is nothing wrong about these laws.  For how long do you expect govt to bear losses on subsidisies. These laws would just let private sector to easen some burden on govt. We arent rich country like america, switzerland etc. People in developing countries expect beautiful roads, buildings like developed countries. And at the same time want all socialist benefits. If you really fear private companies will take over your land eventually,  then only when you are going to sell them at high prices.
Its not really anti farmers but anti middleman
Police in support of bjp gundays
The fact is Nobody can save the farmers of India.
U,re farmers bjp murdabaad that,s fine no issue but why khalistaan jindabaad ?? ..
RAHUL GANDHI,MAMTA BENARJE KEJRIWAL,AKHLESH YADAV KO SOCHNA PADEGA KE RAKESH TIKET UNKI JAGAH TO NAHI LE RAHE HE.
I can't who are the cops and who are the farmers. They all look the same
They're not farmers they're black mailing
Any sudden change to the system after 60 years leaving it completely to market forces led by Private players and thinking that automatically farmers would change cropping pattern as the private players would only buy quantity they require and more so with grains already held with the government for next two years would lead the entire crop to be left unsold. Why would the private player buy it at all unless he can resell it at a profit later. So the prices would get depressed. This is exactly the fear of the farmers and rightly so.
Tikait is planning on coming election 
how cruel Indian government become they through stones upon farmers who feed them...shameful act..
Apmc me pahle 6 percent farmers fayda uthate the. 
Support Kejriwal for PM of India
Farmers dont sell your food commodities to town or city people...Let's see what these town or city people will eat.....???
Very poor on actual information, taking info from some farmers and not investigating the truth, please support your news with better investigated facts.
Cutting middleman is good for farmers, leaving them without subsidies is good for the country, they should not be spending money that could be use to invest in some other industry that payoff. Sorry for the farmers but they will have fo change what they are producing and how they are producing  it. Same problem in mexico with subsidized farmers while the rest are working to produce something of value.
Think from today onwards the police eat ladhi not food . They don't respect farmers
4 BJP workers are beaten to death, no ploiticians talking about them. For vote bank they see only farmers who were jaming the road and doing hooliganism.
And monopoly will destroy by privatization it's a basic economics and supply is always controlled by farmers because they are the only producers. And we can't buy anything from any price or without having quality, Due to MSP farmers growing any kind of quality and sell to government on good prices, I think as a produced their duty to supply a quality crop, Indonesian are growing better quality rice than us with the knowledge of our farming techniques and export it to USA, but USA reject our rice because of the poor quality of it.  Farmers are now a days same educated like us, theh have internet connection, access to education from all over the world. 
Very nice analysis of anti national Rakesh Tikait. Thank you. Congratulations.
Actual farmers are working in their fields. These brokers are getting funds from Terrorist group like Kamishan and ISI.
Among thousands of great stories, one that stood out for me is the newspaper wala distributing 25-30 different newspapers and free so farmers are aware. This NDTV video should be shown to every Indian now and for centuries.
Tractor protests, Indians invented new ways
So now say who gave us guns and who support Taliban 
Farmers needs to be told about the impact of over production of wheat and rice. Why should tax payers pay for wasteful production of wheat that nobody consumes?
Respect for all the farmers
Very , very sadfull  time for Indian  farmers
I see A LOT of indian folks in the comment talking about how the local media don't even want to talk about the crisis. Dear lord.
This is what happens when somebody who doesn't know hoots about India & it's farming issues tries to support under the garb of being funny... Trevor expected better research .... No wonder they day agendas drive social media these days...
If democracy ko bachana then farmers ka satth deo sab
I stand with farmers Boycott Ambani Boycott Adani
Some of my fevorite days to watch goodi media , delhi election , west bengal election and now
Excellent video with simple explanation. I don't know what I'm missing, but the benefits of these bills definitely seem to outweigh the risks. The genuine loss will be state revenues by way of mandis. There's the intrinsic reality, then there's politicking. Difficult to tell apart fact from fiction even for us, let alone the farmers. It is quite clear that BJP is really bad at communicating legislation to the public clearly.
The farm laws were already kept in abeyance and stayed by SC. This decision is only to prevent further agitation and disturbances since it has now been portrayed as a Govt vs Sikhs confrontation. I am sure the laws will definitely come back in a new avatar satisfying everyone. Already some states have the facility of direct selling by farmers to the buyers and not going through middlemen.
Congratulations to the farmers
Salute to Farmers warriors who are struggling for survival of 75% population (of our nation,linked with agriculture) from the atrocities of corporated politicians who are trying to giving control of food grains in the hands of some corporaters for profit purposes.
Victory for being a slave, slavery wins while farm law repelling.
Godi media won't show you the truth but the Hindutva fascist propaganda only. Saadi puri hamdardi punjab day kisaan prawaan naal a. Prays from Lahore 
Stupid decision. Farmers should have read the laws because if they did they would have understood these laws would benefit them hugely. They would have made higher incomes throughout the year therefore a reduction if not a complete stop of farmers committing suicide.
Punjab election is near , what about the farmers who lost life in this process
Madam Ji sirf itni si bat hai.....jo be essential commodities hain wo govt ke under hone chaheye because govt price rise kar skain aur huge revenue generate kar sakain.....kion ki essential commodities ko to purchase karna hi hai...eg. sarson ka oil 5 litre ka price hai Rs. 980/-
They are fake farmers.. A true  farmer is still working in his lard and not supporting this gange..
We are supporting farmers,proud to be a farmer
All this could have been avoided if modi government withdrawed the farm bill
After 3 months I finally got a politically unbiased video. It's really impressive that world have underated intelectuals. Problem is you will never be biased and so hurt both the extremeties  of political spectrum, and never get famous. Initially I thought farmers protest was something bad. Your video helped me to understand there cause too.
Koe bhi Farmers ithne mahina thak jamin ko chodthe nahi hai Bhai 
So, bringing a law giving farmer right prices enabling them to enjoy their due share saying that farmers right will be protected after the legal agreement with the other party. 
The farmlaws were made by the khangress in their regime, modi has just enacted them. These laws are already been accepted by most of the indian states
B & D is a brand ambassador of godi media 
Will we India get 3 billion dollars from Afghanistan and USA spent 3 trillion dollars (3,000 billion dollars) in 20 years in Afghanistan.
Kerala doesn't have an APMC, but CPI(M) opposing these farm bills tooth and nail.
GODI MEDIA IS SOLD..SHAME ON THESE CHANNELS..SHAME ON YOU GODI, MODI MEDIA....WE ALL SUPPORT FAMERS PROTEST..
Salute to farmers from the first date...but it will complete after the msp act all over india...jai jawaan jai kisaan...
Common man is with farmers. BJP is letting lakhs die on roads in such cold weather as this is cruilty. Has BJP become east india company???
Farmer Sanjay Singh communication skill nd way of explanation impressive
But msp gives an uneducated small land owners guaranteed price,  msp should also be included in the bill
Instead they for no reason throw tear gas and  they blocked the route that they gave to farmers. And were forced to go there. Farmers didnt know March route so that's why they went to red fort. They were following few people in protest but then they found the people who went there planned it to weaken the protest.
At this scene, Pakistani don't have an answer to why the Afghans are fleeing even though the Taliban is good. They will never understand what TTP is for Pakistan, the same the Taliban is for Afghan.
made Modi Jittery and total Nervous
All farmers will become rich 
Full support to farmers protest from Yamunanagar (United States of Haryana)
Why government is not listening farmers..your video is mostly right but you are little bit biased toward government
Reject modi's govt! Reject modi's govt. May it rott in Hell .
HAME NARENDRA MODIJI PER PURA BHAROSA HAI, WOH JO BHI KARTE HAI WOH DESH HIT MAI HOTA HAI.
Ye Educated leader vs uneducated modi ji
Mam, I would like question you one of this system is do successful why are American farmers still poor. Why there is so much suicide rate over there? Not only that why are produce of the price so high that led to obesity in USA. If this system is it so unsuccessful?
Why our govt is doing this to our farmers
At the last bit rakesh tikait was savage 
Madam  salute to you and your entire team for coverage farmers protest against black "Farm Bill".
"BJP minister Ajay mishra's son killed 4 farmers"
But farmers are skeptical, fearing that the removal of state protections that they already consider insufficient would leave them at the mercy of greedy corporations.
But procurement by FCI is in an open ended basis right? Why is then that only few large farmers benefit from the existing scheme of things.
No one can say anything about this bill unless farmers.... because they know what is good for tham n what is not...
So large farmers for sure will benefit from these amendments but small, marginal and landless farmers might actually loose an expensive but dependable source of credit, which is required even before crop cycle commences.  PM-KISSAN is meagerly enough for input procurement. It is an aid, partly for consumptionand partly for input procurement,  varying from case to case basis.
We all should hope that the taliban don't take over Pakistan because Pakistan has nuclear weapons. And those weapons in the hands of the taliban is global trouble.
India never do the mistake sending the indian force to Afganistan against Taliban. Only thing India is worried that our people in Afghanistan must be in safe & the investments in Afganustan should not be disturbed  by Taliban. Other wise india wouldn't even think about Taliban to fight with them. Further India wants to maintain good relationship with Taliban like how India maintain with other nations. If Taliban gives problem to India then India will react & teach Taliban immediately.
Really an appreciating initiative taken by Pm Modi ji.. only he is the  true well wisher of all the sections of the society.
Need to see one more video like this on the farmer protest
Ask sorry to those soul (farmers)
That's why punjab government is protesting in the name for farmers 
Newslaundry is like a shield which make us protect from toxic journalism of these godi medias news anchors. Thank a lot for making us aware of our surrounding
Farm law is too early first monopoly of farmers in Punjab and near up should be brought down creating farming ecosystem by government in other states who can give tough competition once monopoly comes down laws can be easily implementation
Brother, where everyone leaves thinking, Modi ji starts thinking from there.
Thank you for raising the Farmer's voice on international media. Great work. Please try to do it more times & also another platform's
The state government should stop the tax from farmers, it is good that the farmers can  trade their goods anywhere, I think the middle man traders need to be stop, while the farmers are working so hard to make every penny and the middle man are taking 10% to 20% of their hard working money of farmers earning, we need to look forward to build a digital farming policy, it would be hard for now but it will give a great opportunity in the future
Thanks RSS / BJP / Fanatic Hindu Group or TV Channels When They Say Word Khalistan Or Khalistani They Support & Promote Sikh Nation Worldwide THX, Anyway Chahal Sitting In The Pennell With Turban He Is RSS Agent & Close To Capt. Amarinder Singh From Patiala. He Is Not Living In California Or USA. He is From Patiala, KHALISTAN
I Support Farmers. National Media can learn from SU. All those who disliked this video belong to Godi Media or Andhbhakats.
How sorted are the farmers in their thoughts.....  Hatts off to them
. Mafia is active already. Check out farmers not earn anything since this bill came.
The farming in developed countries is heavily subsidized by the government, the farmers are given huge support, even to the extent that the govt sometimes ask them to stop all farming activities and still pay them.
If you give close attention to the words used, it says it all - *"I made these laws for the farmers and I am taking it back for the nation"*. 
He is dekat of farmer
Sorry, this is not a kishan aandolan. It was the vested interests and oppositions' game plan to harass a democratic govt of Modi, because Modi is not a lootera or chor .Instead, the honest and nationalist PM stops their loot and compel them to spend sleepless nights. Tikayet and company are merely their agent.
Area Khanumji thank you for ground reporting . This agitation is a historic 20 and 20 .. farmers did not demand for anything but unwanted bills imposed on them govt repeal the bills imposed on them that's why this  is historic twenty twenty 
#Standwithfarmers
how badly  BJP treating  poor  farmers  brutality  totaly  un justice  vote   in future  AAP
Monk understands this bill better than farmers
Black day for real farmers
M not supporter of congress or BJP...but if we don't oppose this today...then bjp , congress , everyone will do the same and get away with it....
To Taliban, what they think is that everyone except them are dumb but unfortunately if someone is dumb, then it's them. When their leader told "This is going to be an open book for India " then let me remind you something people India is a country with a history of blood and sweat of thousands of our martyrs........ So keep this open book with yourself.........
I support Farmers!
This sad day for majority farmers. Please do not terminate FBO. And hope bring some good for farmers again.
Already farmers can sell their produce to anyone they want instead of going to mandi. What this bill does is just making sure the buyers are protected from future litigation and remove the stocking limitation of the buyers which will impact the both the end buyers and farmers.
Is  Modiya govt failed India in Afghanistan?
But nice good things for farmers and all indians.
According to the pictures nobody seems to be like farmer's not even the BJP karyakartaas,
Only one state has farmers.
From the very first day farmers  want to solve this matter by discussion but BJP government wants something else and taking about 26th jan they were not farmers who promote violence they were BJP followers who were behind all this and this is trap of government 
Finally farmer wins.
A new history in india during BJP period
Ok modi will ask mafi for kisaan will the opposition will ask mafi for khalistani
Yes it is a direct threat to India because now Pakistan will dig the RAW and NDS connections in Afghanistan to operate in Pakistan and Afghan Taliban will react about it ...
Most shameful day for our country. These can't be called as farmers but rather terrorists.
Maturity is when you realise this is all tactics to win election in UP and punjab... Ekk teer se do nishane 
Didi I need  speech on farmers  protest  for my school  compitition
The farmers bill affects all of India. I dont understand why there are only protesters from Punjab. There are other Indian states that have far more farmers than Punjab however theres no objection from there. wonder why , seems like they maybe incentivized by the the Congress government in Punjab to protest against the central government of India. 
Indian farming industry will be in deep trouble soon, if we are not waking up now. I am sharing my observations, but political parties and scientist should come together to find solutions with possible reforms.  
Farmers protest
Making MSP as law , any procurement either govt or private player , purchase BID should start from MSP for low quality to ensure Farmer gets cost covered, anything better quality let leave to farmer and purchaser to decide on BID 
Best Explanation given on Farm Bills
These ppl we're not real farmers they were planted by government
Really happy to see our Farmer brothers winning over the long struggle to dismiss those laws .....
*Who are filling the pockets of farmers....brokers ?*
Actualy a v small %of farmers opposed it...rest were for or indifferent......to say that farmers at large were against it is wrong........&so it becomes that state was made to retreat by anarchists......thats a scary scenario
Only farmers 
India has surplus wheat and rice. But in dept stores dmart or big bazar we find wheat flour and rice price per kg increasing
Tikait and others should be arrested and jailed (for Aajeewan karawas) in murder of innocent kisans and other  crimes.
look once at non BJP ruled State they come in power by promising to give employemnt and reduce price hike 
Those who r saying that this bill would open different ways for farmers just note that corporations are controlled by businessmen they would buy crops at even lower price than msp and would sell them at much elevated prices to the consumers just to make more profit. And this situation cannot be prevented because corporates are not transperant and no arrangements and measures are made against these situations by the government in these so called bills. So in short this bill is a big fuck you to consumers and producers.
Their unity can atleast see through a couple of years of corporates entering the farming sector in rest of the country. Later they can decide if they don't want corporates they can still remain united and maybe protest then with real life bad examples of this bill instead of protesting in assumption. In that case the entire nation will understand and stand by the protest instead of just 2 states.
I SUPPORT FARMER'S
The farmers are very much justified in their protests.
Religious extremist parties  can't solve the farmers justifiable needs...
Absolutely correct to you Rakesh Tikait ji, Kisan-Mazdoor Eikta Jindabad..!
Simple.... Bhai opposition se farmers ka brainwash kiya aur farmers ko apna wellfare chayiye hi nahi.
First ever andolan where the real farmar lost for some adtiya and fake farmers from Punjab and Haryana...... what next article 370?? CAA??
Not good Yet the farmers will still loose for a fair price who  will be left in the hands of middlemen hoarders and corrupt politicians who will control the price. The rest of the farmers of India were so happy that they got a better price for their crops and accepted the agricultural laws. Leaving only Punjab farmers under pressure from middlemen and foreign funds to protest who were not even paying tax and controlled the price. Shame
Please show the whole video , when that is running over the farmers
The last comment on explaining the new laws to the farmer, what better than making this episode in Hindi & sending them to the farmers mobiles !
Support the farmers!!  Shame on Modi goverment!!
What will be their next agenda  and what will be the impact of this farm law's repealing.
When someone threatens to take your livelihood, why would you care about COVID rules. Most of those farmers are Sikhs, and Sikhs are the most honourable people in the world.
Basically, farmers' concerns are :
That's what peaceful farmers have been peacefully protesting for the last two months.
How I  will choose be a farmer in my future?
HT I recommend you not to use the terrorist word for taliban because in few days from now your govt will also recognise their govt.
All the farmers congratulations and hats off
Every person living in this country is first farmer and then religious,businessman and job
Sir, now let us do some numbers here. Total Rice and Wheat production in India is around 123 mil tonnes and 110 mil tonnes respectively. If the government plans to buy it all at MSP then the total cost comes around 5 lakh cr. Our tax revenue is 11 lakh cr. And that has a part of my income in it Sir. I Sir, am a tax payer unlike any of the rich farmers who never paid any tax (And no political party has guts to even broach that topic). I believe you pay taxes too. Would you kiss goodbye to education, healthcare, defense, sanitation and infrastructure funding to buy wheat and rice at MSP, which is the artificially inflated price of these two commodities? How about my sabziwala who goes street to street selling his farm grown perishable items? He is a farmer too! When was the last time you picked up a fight with govt. for his safety net? For his share of MSP? So sir please do not tell us that this was an all inclusive protest where every farmer from every part of the country was included. And the reason for that is 88% of the farmers in the state of Punjab and Haryana sell their crop at MSP. For the farmers in rest of the country, do your own digging sir and trust me youll be disappointed to know the numbers there.
So poor farmers who don't have to eat are protesting. Really??
You are absolutely correct, and he must pay compensation for the deaths of so many farmers from his own assets and the PM's fund, since he is the prime instigator of these laws
Why repeal? Leave it to the states. Farmers in some states are entrepreneurial like Gujarat. Farmers had the opportunity of contract farming, raise investment and share risk of farming with large companies. All that gone. 
As far as India is concern, if they create problem in J&K with local support. India will cruse them rudly will not bother about One sided Human Rights. 
Very wrong decision.... It's not as if all the farmers of India were protesting only in Punjab and haryana. 
Agar kissan apna pao pe kural marna chahta hein to karne do. Uneducated logo ke sath aise hi hona chahiye. This is called natural selection. Agar kissan ka income zaada ho geya to hamara bhi to cost of living badh jayega na? In fact, mere hisab se agar kissan new farm bill ke rasto mein aake andolon bhi kare to woh bill pass nehi hona chahiye.
Farmers are most important people and major sectors(I would say all sectors) are depending on them and if they are in trouble then I would say government are not working properly and all politicians are begging votes before elections and then they are not working for farmers!
God bless all farmers
One of the biggest problems u missed are about the corporates which ruin the farmers
These 3 laws were the opportunity for small farmer to sell the crops at higher prices
Excellent video. Two points: 1. Contract farming could still be exploitive as the farmer bears the risk of reduced production and yet selling at lower than market price. During surplus production, 'quality' clause is loophole that could be exploited by the buyers to avoid buying all the produce the farmer makes. 2. The lack of legal validity of MSP was supposed to be counterbalanced by a govt buyer, the Food Corporation of India which is assured to be outside Cartals because it is not a private entity. The concept of Govt owned corporation to break monopolies or cartels is used in some countries eg France and is anathema in others eg USA. India belonged to former group with companies like BSNL, FCI, AI etc existing to prevent monopoly and cartelization. The current govt seems  ideologically inclined towards dismantling this model.
Thank you for making this video. I was eagerly waiting for this. As a punjabi i really feel bad about the image that is being shown on the media channels about punjabi people or the farmers . Idk how these news anchors like sudhir chowdary sleep at night . I really hope that govt take back  these laws . 
Half information farmer also killed four people
Do everything possible to get rid of this destructive mindset pm. He is selling everything created by previous governments. Kisan Ekta Zindabad.
We Fully Support Modiji 
Cunningly Indian Government bifurcated Churhda Punjab into three states to dilute the strength of Sikhs. For ultimate subjugation, Indian Army attacked Golden Temple and Akal Takht was heavily damaged and desecrated. 
Thank you Mr Amit your video was very informative. you very well explain all the details about various acts.. I will be highly obliged to you if you can answer a query of mine.. in the first 8 you said that there be a legal bond of trade between the farmer and the and the price set .. so is there any standardized grading protocol for the commodities ?
Purana Farm bill etna acha tha to Kishan suicide ku kr rhe the. 
BJP might be RIGHT , But the Indian Government/Economy was and will always be LEFT. This is our Faith.  I don't know whose curse is this.
I salute Sikh community. As well as farmer also. Its a big slap for godi media.. jai kisaan
We have seen the way they tried to run over police personnel in Delhi  on Independence day. This region was in the thick of Khalistani activism in the 80's Activist attacked the transiting vehicles as they tried to escape in their vehicles. Sikh We have seen they way they tried to run over police personnel in Delhi  on Independence day.migrant farmers own and occupy large tracts of Benami farm lands owned by clearing forest and pastoral lands in the Terai regions fearing government action there has been conflicts over several decades.
It's a hearty welcome that the KISAN sangh is joining the farmers AGITATION....only one thing thsts itching in my mind how come suddenly when the election is coming closer that the sangh realised the farmers demands. 
India is way behind in information warfare....we are loosing information warfare against china and pakistan externally and internally too...we are not able to pass the massage to general public.
4. Exploration of farmers
All those now being called terrorists for opposing*Modi government*of in future people realise what was wrong and bjp losses power these same people will be called freedom fighters
U should know indian import edible/vegetables oil of 68000 crore...if govt. Give rate on vegetables then surely..farmer produce this also...basmati rice export of 40.45 lakh tonee which gives 29000 crore...govt. should need to give msp on all types of crops...then only farmer will produce these other crops..in Punjab and Haryana why farmer sow only wheat and rice because they get good rate only on these twoo...that why..if govt. Rate on others all....then diversification will come in agriculture and farmers will produce all types of crop...and it will balance the demand supply chain and they will get good rate and also export will jncreased on these edible oils
Thankyou farmers for showing us
Almost 90%soilders are from farmers background family, we all  eat food grown from farmers and take protection from their children's(army) so we should support those people's and  it is duty of every Indian  including modiji and amitji ,jai Jawan jai Kishan jai bharatmata.
This is quite opposite to what farmers are protesting. By this it seems reforms are satisfactory
Singhu border. Four state people Punjab,  haryana,  himachal and jammu kashmir are suffering.  2.5 hour transportation etc is being done on shabby road. Neither govt nor kisan leaders are understanding common man problems.  If proper survey is done it will be revealed that millions of people have lost their livelihood
After(harvesting) if farmers got much production .
Love from Bangladesh to Farmers.
Indian media as$ is on . Next location is India.
It was hard to determine that what type of crop will be grown by farmers.
stand up , india farmers , free india !!!
Government should let these farmers free to sell their land, crop to whomever they want.
To give an update on this protest, the government unconditionally repealed all the three new laws. The farmers have declared victory.
Yes there were only some farmers that were objecting to these laws . Huge agriculture states were missing from these protests - why ? Some of the new law provisions are already there in most agro states ..... So largely Punjab (that has fallen as number one agro state ) , and political beings like Takait and yogendra yadav were the protestors ..true also that elections are around the corner in these states ...hence timing wise it seems to be the reason.... But if this repeal is going to cost the farmers of these states to further go into downward spin then sadly the onus will have to be on them and also experts , media and the Govt who really did not explain the law properly to these farmers
India was funding TTP ( tehreek taliban pakistan ) since India has left Afghanistan; not a single attack on pakistani soil ....
Aree yar abb kisan log phirl se apne dark ages mai wapas lot jayenge , farm laws were a blessing for farmers , and now it is gone !!
What's happening with the Farmers of our country May God have mercy on deceased 
Salute to all Ravish sir team for true reporting of farmer supports
Farmers == Humanity
But the entire nation stands together with farmers!
Mr Tikait sir, you are right saying. PM of India cannot go for convassing political party. PM is PM of India and not PM of BJP. 
Only 4% of Indian Farmers get MSP (and assured government procurement). Other 96% don't get it. That's why UP & Bihar farmers do labour in Punjab and Haryana. Now Modi government wants the farmers of Punjab and Haryana also to become migrant workers.
We can understand the circumstances which makes you to withdraw these bills which would have bring the better days for farmers, inspite of taking good decision for the future for us we failed you by no opposing those fake farmer's
MODIJIKO SAHI DESHPREMI BANAAYE HE UPARVAALE JIVIT ISHAVAR PRABHU YESHUPITAA SATGURUDEV
So mindset of rewarding the better quality above the MSP , this will set better and positive competition and better yield and quality when farmers know that he will get above MSP if his quality is better. This way farmer knows that atleast he is going to get MSP. 
Indian media masala only for trp show only negativity I am with formers I see hundred of times this situation in Kashmir where police beets innocent public
Farmers who are overly-dependent on Mandi system has become feared over some hypothetical situation which is created by some people to spread panic. I belonging to farmer family, still having active farming of wheat & cotton (both falls under MSP), my father & others around him sees more opportunities with new bill. I would bet on my father who is also engineer as well maintain our farms than any other...
Now come at the protests, India is a country of 1.4bn, 60% of its population work in agriculture. Do you really think some 5-10 thousands farmers from only 2 states represent the whole nation?? These protests were organised due to vested political interests, people who sat on roads have nothing to gain from repealing of these laws, though if they're real farmers then it's a loss of opportunity for them.
God bless the farmers.
Very good Punjab and Haryana I love y
USA stands with the Farmers of Punjab
WE STAND WITH THE FARMERS!! USA STANDS WITH YOU!!
Amazing that u put such a huge protest into a three-minute long clip and give it a political color. It seems the only platform to carry out a protest is twitter, which you guys applaud, when dickheads trend '#banTwitter' on twitter. If u don't have the balls to stand with the farmers due to some vested interests, then atleast don't oppose them either, and bring the entire protest to bad light.
First nail on Modis cross  I hope and wish that the people of India unite and throw this narcissist out or power before he destroys democracy
Although BJP supported forced bifurcation of AP, people in residual AP elected NDA2 in 2014 hoping that it will give what was assured to them. Unfortunately, BJP not only denied what itself asked for the residual AP but also has been supporting the YCP govt. there, indicating BJP doesn't bother about Hindus in the South. Tirupathi is one reason for AP not getting Chennai (aka Chenna Patnam) when it separated from Madras state. As rightly said by Abhijit, Tirupathi has become a cash cow for the state govt. However, if Tirupathi was taken out of state control, then AP, which is already a budget deficit state due to the economically uneven division of the state, will become another Bihar.
#LoveFarmersbrotherStill
It is a very wrong decision. It shows that the government is weak and lacks the willpower to go through reforms.80% farmers who were supportive of these laws have nowhere to go now.It shows how hooliganism has won.Its distressing. Nobody has won but Nation has lost a big opportunity.
Farm laws were the biggest opportunity for farmers which they mistook and forced the government to take back the decision. I still believe that they were good for farmers and Government should make it voluntary...
Passive bhakts are happy that their plan has worked and started comment charging on farmers.
I admire your efforts. But there are some factual errors. Central Govt. buys at MSP from the APMC traders. They buy from the farmers at much lower rates and sell to Govt. on MSP price. Ideally the state govt. agencies should buy it from farmers at MSP but they are often absent from APMCs or don't make spot cash payment to the farmers.  But if the quality of the crop is good and it is much in market demand, APMC traders buy at higher rates e.g. MPs Sharbati & Lok1 wheat, CG's Basmati Paddy etc..
Why Panjab and Hariyana farmers protesting ? Ans: This states farmers enjoining 95% of MSP.
After the election. The Modi government will put in other similar laws.
Instead of govt the criminals must pay  the compensation to suffering farmers or the criminals must be hand over to their families.
BJP goverment is scared  They know they are going to loose in this election.
Farmers turned it Violent after they promised it would be Peaceful 
This bill will empower farmers. I support.
there's a minimum guaranteed price for the farmer in this  contract , the buyer is liable to pay that price even if there's no yield,  secondly if the prices rise after the contract farmer can get thst price athe time and point of sales,
Murder hai sidha piche se aakr mare hai jabke farmers age ja rhe the. Victim ne jo kal statement di the wo bilkul sahi sabit hui hai
Lallantop, please talk about Adarsh Credit co-operative socitey. Near by 21 lakh people are getting affected due to this from last 2-3 years. India media and law system is blind for  us.
Hoping the best for these farmers , I hope the government Takes back the law or does something about it , otherwise most probably Indian farmers will leave the profession , then India may suffer a FOOD CRISIS  !!
Here the new bill can increase the hold of private sector on farming which may leads the higher price of Agriculture Product in retail market and lower profit to Farmers.
Comment section shows the wave is in the favour of farmers
Victory for democracy but a huge loss for the farmers , if we take decisions  with good intentions , one should not worry about the outcomes.
Both BJP supporters and haters celebrating Modi's decision
Chitra tripathi to Rakesh tikait: Neta to aap hai and she might be thinking in her mind "Chutiya to Mai hoon"
Do only Haryana and Punjab bandh. People are protesting there not here.
For the sake of stability in punjab i.e. to stop khalistani successionist activities this is an okay step but farmers of India have lost the opportunity for innovative growth.  This is the failure of BJP there lack of (transparency, accountability and consensus making) or (lack of basic democratic values) led to this stupidity.
They always had problem with Sikhs ,its not that they have problem with Ravi Singh ,their problem is that Khalsa is part of his organization who help people around the world This zee channel did not have problems when they helped around the world but as soon they step up to help farmers in Punjab they labeled them Khalistani ,shame on zee news
This time we are watching tractor parade,not modi
Misusing the identity of Farmers .
Many farmers had sacrificed themselves for the Farm Bill but Government did not even listen their needs.
Govt should decide MSP on their own and make law that not mandi nor open market can buy below this.if they will then it wouldn't beneficial for farmers.
Sir, you should have done this episode in Hindi and in local language so that the farmers should have correctly understand these new farm laws
As a cricket fan and understanding from your video and explanation; the benefit of doubt should go to the farmer in this case.  Can government (State / Central) can make some standard and simple agreement drafts to help farmers to protect from Special terms and Conditions? 50% and 100% limits are much bigger to control on later states, why cannot these be below 20 - 25%.
Shame on you zee media...
O Mr. Modi after giving the speech  ,u also listen ur speech . what u said and what u doing . Why Indians always choose wrong person as a leader   .who don't care people emotions, physical condition.why? So please our dishonest PM think about farmers and give them back their rights .
Modi BJP govt is trying from there side, now farmers in remote villages also have to understand about the opportunities
Ab tak me isko support Kar rha tha isne teachers ko target Kiya hai teachers day par vo BHI police se compare Karke jabki sachhai ye hai ki koi agar society me corrupt nhi he to teacher hai  Propaganda fail hoga ab Rakesh Ka
Second law allows private player to get farming done on a contract. Again it's farmers choice to get into contracts or not.
I am an Indian farmer and know what I need . So keep your nose out of my @ss
First Hathras and now the Farmer's Protest. Only a legend can cover them back to back.
I love all farmers they want their rights shame on goddi government
First i supported them even i started hating govt but mere desh k flag se upr kuch nahi. They disrespected my flag. Govts toh ayengi jaengi but flag wahi rahega. Saari respect kho di inho ne. Govt ko inke khilaf action lena chahiye. Wish Delhi CM Yogi hote.
Repeal the farm laws and stop catering to billionaire
Good video my friend as explained no positives for the poor farmers of India the few who believe they will benefit are misled that this is only punjabs problem
Congratulations to the farmers, more power to you.
No matter what you show...we the common people of India stand strong with the farmers
2. On calling that why people are confused about routes when it was already published in newspapers - Firstly, it was not a small rally and most of the people participating were traveling during those days so they were not able to access newspapers. Secondly, farmers are not everyday travelers to Delhi, so some of them do not know the routes to get back and got confused in between the chaos created by wrong elements. Thirdly, there was news given by locals that in some areas BJP supporters have planned to throw petrol bombs on tractors so they diverted from actual routes.
I am with farmers
Really these acts are made for welfare for  farmers. So why are they protesting and why  they are not allowed to enter Delhi.
2. Second Law: *Farmer can sell any where to any one with PAN Card*
I support farmer but you guys are  best you are neutral but I want to tell u that those swords are nihang singh part GURU GOBIND SINGH provided them so that's why they carry  I hope you understand before judging people you have clear all the points from all the prospects  and I see many videos where local punjabi reporter interviewing some modi bhaks who claims to be local people  but he shakes hand with police when cameraman record that the police man ran away thats showing some police man not all and some Delhi local bad people came together and you know 30 police man beating one Sikh boy until his unconcious by hitting is turban that's inuf then any Sikh comes to defend himself Godi media show that was terrorist  please see local news don't see any other
Most of Indian media has totally forgotten about them.
Because of Uttar Pradesh election, BJP done this, after election they will be back Adani and Ambani
These are lions of Punjab my full support to them ,keep going .
But govt assured that the APMC will always be there and MSP will always be provided there, APMC will never be shutdown, its farmers choice to go outside and explore more options or to go to APMC, just like BSNL is there along with other private telecom operators to regulate the telecom tariff, My father is a farmer from karnataka, he is very hardworking person, we grow paddy, here from 40 years what i am observing is only the middlemen and millers are benefitting from our crops, after working so hard and investing so much on labour's and pesticides, facing natural calamities, labour problems, water problems, machinery problems, new type diseases in the crops and all, what we are earn is just to accommodate our basic needs of food, cloths, bike thats it, forget our hardwork, sometimes we won't get back our investment also, present crop cutting done in this dec month is a complete loss for all paddy growers here, yield reduced very drastically due to new virus in our crops just like covid on humans, we not made any property from past 40 years, we don't get any thought of making some property with that earnings, just life goes on with hardworking forever, so something to be done to benefit the farmers, all these days only businessmans, middlemens are having decent earnings and making properties everywhere, small farmers fate remains same even after another 50years until unless if something is done now, our country is developing means everyone of us should develop, everyone be a part of it, only few sector people are developing is not a whole development of the country, these farm bills are not a big news here in South India or at least in our locality,  big protests and all happening there in North India, I doubt does farmers really able to understand these farm bills properly, mostly some opposition parties, middlemens and others who are benefitting now are having knowledge to understand these bills and its impacts and to safeguard their earnings in future they are provoking farmers with false predictions to protest against those bills, I trust our PM Modi like our family head, he never do anything harmful to the farmers or any other sector hardworking people, he doesn't have intentions to earn something by supporting corporates bcz he not even have children's to earn for them, treats all of us as his children's,  these farm bills are actually beneficial to the farmers and consumers except those middlemens, initially there may be some loopholes, bcz everything can't set right on one go, it will take some time to block all loopholes,  later definitely will have good future in the farm sector also
I am a farmer and i have no time now a days as i have paddy growing in my fields. Moreover no practicing farmer can ever be politically active.
aamir khan's paani foundation is working towards these reforms in rural maharashtra....making farmers self sufficient
he said nothing wrong. canada always stand for right of peacefull protest. whats wrng he said. india react like he said stand with violence  dump media dump india int minister
Contract farming will not effect the farmers. As u said it is already there in seed industry for the past 30-40 yrs on the name of seed production. U take any   traditional seed production areas in the country, formers will prefers seed production of seed companies than their own traditional cultivation.The reason is, farmers are getting better profits in seed production (i.e contact farming) than traditional cultivation.
a good leader modi ji , a leader should be more flexibile
Now godi media act like supporting farmer protest
What about farmers in rest of India who didn't have a problem with the revised farm laws? No farmers protested in Maharashtra, West Bengal, Tamil Nadu or in states where non-BJP governments rule. I agree that the government should have extensively discussed the laws in the parliament, took the stakeholders' interests into account before passing them. I find it curious that role played by "opposition" to mislead farmers to teach Modi a lesson, isn't being discussed in this episode. Probably they're now gloating over after Modi rolled back the laws but farmers will realise their folly in the near future. Lose-lose situation.
Abhi v farmers? What about 4 others
Farmers cannot go to Delhi due to Corona but Amit Shah can go to Hyderabad hipocrisy
Government in Haryana. He wants the Farmer's Heads to be broken. Is he a
Politics 101 : Diverting from answering to questions raised by farmers and making it all about opposition.
  For Valuable Information  We accept and support  the all bills to develop our Formers
One with the Protesting Farmers of my country
First they are not farmers because in democratic countrie you can protest but this kind of  
I am so impressed with the selflessness and awareness of Indian farmers. There is only one point that is directly harming them other three seems to be (apparently) in favor of Indian farmers yet they anticipated the harm of these in long term and how these laws will effect common person and decided to fight against it. This level of selflessness can only be expected from a farmer. May they be victorious
Abhay Dubey is right, RSS will trying to support BJP in UP election, that is why they jumped in Kisan Andolan again.
Very good. Police did great job. These are not farmers, they are traitors
Which will not support their likelihood hence they turn over the city for there survival. Let to losses in small and microscale farmers and huge migration towards to city and jobs loss.
Hey, I am from India....  Writing this comment to tell you that this is just half information..... according to new law produce can be sold in free market if they don't want to sell it in open market farmes call also sell in APMC which are governed by the government....so it is beneficial for the farmer that they can sell there produce anywhere , where they are getting more price for it... The real reason for the protest is that those farmers are misunderstood as some reveals have told them lies. And not all the fafmes are at protest as they know the right thing... So please don't spread the fake news. Farmes are respected in india there are so much schemes for farmers in india and alot of things have done for there welfare
Reporter, this is the first time in years Modis govt has been forced to listen.... me, thought India was a democracy
It's triumph of human spirit led by KISaN leaders ably supported by PP BAJPAU ABHISAR ANJUM RAVISH KUMAR.Keep it 
India comes first. Law/act  gaya bhaad mai. Pehle desh ke citizen bano. I was always with Kisaan, but this is just, too much. And I believe those ore Khalistanis, who are against the country/ country's flag.
BBC! THE FARMERS HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THE GOVT TO ACT WHY DOES GOVT NOT REPEAL THE LAWS TILL THEY GET THE UNIONS ON THEIR SIDE?
Farmers our heros
Congratulations   farmers  one year fight you done  it.  shameless government
Long live, farmers of India.
Mr Yechury, would you please tell why the farmers of other part of the country not protesting ?
Your detractors may see this as becoming Godi media...
humble request to farmers to stop all protests...
Incredible pm modi ji I proud of you
Alhamdulillah I proud to be a Farmer and this my 700 Farmers sacrifice them thanks for my Farmers we had show to the world ourselves  I Salute to my sacrifice farmers. And they Family our relationship is in Jannath. Those who sacrifice they for Truth , for Humanity they are in jannath
Farmers are not God ! 
Shame on BJP ...nation in darkness after the bill withdrawal...
Lives During 700Farmers
Modi ji you have made a wrong decision  no Voat for you
Rakesh tickets zindabad
This can not continue....narco trade drugs free Mumbai is our objective....UP  state is lawless state...jungle Raj...these are not farmers but goons...culprits to be punished with capital punishment....
Just tell one thing man 1st take shower its smell video also 2nd new farmer bill vs old farmer bill like whatever you tell video translate in hindi
Msp is provided only in mandi but will never be paid by businessman ... This is what farmers are asking for ....make msp a legal thing...its simple...but this govt wont ....
BJP didnt wanted to repeat the West Bengal performance in UP so better he took this decision immediately to atleast give a fight in UP election.
MSP is a valid point but price should depend on quality, about APMC small farmers can`t go to APMC so he will get the befits also it`s on famers they can sell where they want.
Indian has deployed 1 million Army in Kashmir to stop the voice of innocent Kasmiri people, now what will they do with their own Farmer protesters who raise their voice against  hinduta Govt who are involved in descrimination of minorities
I support this farmers...
Farmers are not stupid
Govt. & Farmer leader(who also wants msp in old video i have seen).
I'm from India and this BJP government is not good for indian democracy
Punjab election is coming...that's why he took this decision. Great achievement of our farmers  support to dear farmers from Tamilnadu.. Vande Mataram 
Farmers can punish this govt by not selling anything to them...starve this govt...it ll be bent on knees
If Congress comes to power real farmers will come to streets until then India has to bear this nuisance of paid rogues ..
How could it be a trap from police side? Farmers were  at max. Police kya kre apni jaan de de? Police k hath bandhe hai jo instructions hai wahi follw kiye hai!
Government should tell the farmers that if their income doesnt increase in a timeframe, therell be an option to go back to older ways. Politics should not stop experiments specially if farmer suicides has been an issue which dates back to Congress days. Karz ka dher and karza maafi is not an option. The farmers should be reassured and taken in confidence so that these politically motivated protesters get exposed.
Waiting fir tahrik-e-taliban to take over paxtan and impose sharia law. Paxtan supports Afghan Taliban but enemy of their own Taliban. They will soon realize value of freedom, democracy, education, music, entertainment etc. 
Those opposing the farm bill should at least watch this video once. Anyway, I support this Farm bill.
Not true , farmers do not need laws but support .
What full video? Where is the jeep running over aged farmers from behind ?
One of the best coverage of farmers protest i have ever seen. Great work Samdish. Keep it on !
Scoop whoop are sentinels of righteous information and indignation. If we don't defend farmers, it's game over...might as well hand over our Republic to the saffron fascists on a silver platter. Jai Kisan and long live the true free press of India. Veera Vanakkam 
Respect for library on legs. Yes, this is the best thing happened to Farmers in independent India.
4. Civil courts have been added in the new ammendment as a place to settle disputes, its just that it takes a lot of time to disputes in courts, But now the farmer there also have the option.
I am with the farmers but not with the state Government of Punjab and some 400/500 Artiyas who ruling the roost.This protest is by,for and of Artiyas who fear they will lose 5K to 7K Crore annual income to them and the state by way of Tax charged,which is 6/7%.They are trying to create fear that Corporates (Ambani Adani) will take away their land and what not.The Artiyas/Bicholiyas are also private individuals and everybody knows how they deal with the farmers. The fear of the Artiyas is that the farmers will be free from their Chungal
According to one of the three laws of the government, they now allow the corporates to do contract farming. It sounds good theoretically but in reality, many of the farmers in this nation are not much literate enough to read and understand the sesquipedalian contracts by these corporates and this will be harmful in the long run. Assume that a farmer sows the potato but the company says that this is not their kind of seeds and they show the contract to farmer and file a lawsuit and the farmer's life is destroyed. 
i have never seen such a bias reporter and channel in my life, why don't you rename zee news as BJP news
Just a suggestion to new laundry. When you make jokes about Modi or Bhakts, you actually detach a huge chunk of population out of the conversation making them immediately close the video. There are people who idolize him, so if you want to engage and change their perception so that their voting behaviour becomes more rational, you gotta make your videos more inclusive. Jibes of"bhakt" will only make them even more polarized. This message also goes to each and everyone reading it. Engage not confront. After all, irrespective of our ideologies, we share one common thing, that is love for India.  Jai hind :)
Great Modi ji super duper would leader Jay hind Jay Bharat great Modi ji
If Poor farmer can afford 33.6 crores of rupees on one event, how much has been spent on agitation ?
If real farmers have any problems,  comeout from tikait chal and talk to any educated people and ask or discuss their worries upon the bill.
The oppositions have no work....now they will blame for the happenings in the year 2029 because MODI JI will be PM.
I think your comments are  negative on farm reforms despite the facts you admit farm long are good and then make comments on merits irrespective of the farmers accepting them or not.
PM Modi is quite good at communication. This matter really needs to be solved by proper discriptive communication and must remove any misconception if farmers have any ( cause we know their is opposite parties as well), bcoz this protest is not good for the farmers as well..
Thanks for finally bringing out this issue which our Indian media was trying to hide and neglect
It is good for the country as otherwise  the Nation might have to lose the great leader Mr.Modi as PM due to possible BJP defeat in the North.
Repealing farm Laws was not a prudent move.
2: The actual control of the protest is not with Farmer leaders rather the funding and control is with Khalistani , Left , Maoist & anarchists who wants distruction of Idea of India .
This is the last nail in Modi's career. We need Yogi for 2024. Modi grandpa is not able to handle political pressure.
I stand with the farmers!
One of friend he is a farmer from raichur Karnataka.... He used to farm tomatoes and wen he goes to apmc they u used to bid for starting from 10 rupees for 25 kilo... Max to max he could get is 30 rupee for 25 kilo.. So he stop 
Mr Banerjee laid the farmers concerns very clearly. And those are exactly the questions farmers have been asking for months now. Grrrrrrr....Great job Rahul! That's exactly how you should conduct a discussion   Wish we had such a systematic approach from the opposing politicians. Good job India today and Rahul.  The FAKES and bots should learn there are still sane and patriotic people left in this country. After long time I now feel a lot relaxed. I felt as though there was something really wrong with my head and I had become an unjustifiable BJP hater.  Pathetic govt I would say.
Huge respect to my Indian farmers from Turkish farmers. Let me know guys if you need any support from us. Our government is playing the same game over here...
Congratulations to Farmers for their Unity and Integrity.
@VOA, kindly edit caption. The police is clashing with the peaceful farmers and not the farmers with the police.
Farmers will feel cheated.
advanced RIP for farmers who are going to commit suicide because they can repay their loans all over India
Love you Dhruv Rathee bhai for bringing up truth regarding Farmers in front of whole India....May god bless you.
Without gov.action how farmers died you should reply.
Difference between khalistan protest and farmers protest the whole India want to know about this
agar pahaad padhe hai toh alternative do na tum ,apmc ka structure kyo tod rahe ho ,msp do sabhi crops pr , everything will change ,but you dont want to do that ,you want to destroy punjab and haryana .
Acha hota UP and Punjab election pahle ho jaate . 
Also if its done for Punjab election.
The rest of india farmers are okay with the new law 
So now they wont call farmers terrorist anymore? Good
Great job guys. As an English speaking farmer, I want to salute your positive journalism. 
Farmer's Friends Tractors  March. Thumbs-up   
The government office where they weight  the farmer's grain.. At that place U will find a notice like.. Only 30 quintal will be permitted to sell...  This is a big blunder.. Government must focus on this.. why Government is not helping to farmers to sell full quatity..
Media ne sara din red fort incident e cover kia sir .. baki side par kisaan leader the jahan pe approx 90 prcnt farmers ne bht e dispicline se tractor March kia sir ..but hmara media ne postive side ignore kar k srf negative side dekhaya
Stand with farmers who providing you food.
i am literally crying as i thought it would change something,but ultimately modi had to put his partys interest at center and nations interests on the sidelines,this shows now bjp is just like others as it thought about itself,it didnt have the guts to take the chance to loose govt for the nation
Taliban are not differnt they r same taliban in 90s now the media had gradully relzed that they hv changed dat time the whole world and media propagte to show them as terriorist..now they defeated the super power and 52 allies countries, now the world relised the impoetance of Afghan Taliban..
Incredible. Last year we saw the heinous riot and this year the farmer protest. Both are poles apart in their executions. Solute  to  the farmers.
Great work  They are not farmers. A farmer can't leave his land for these many months.
Farming bill go back go back
Stop making it Kangana Kangana.....lets stay focus on Farmer's protest.
Must Share Support Farmers ~
Repeal the 3 farm law and make new laws with consensus with farmers and other related specialists .
Please help us...farmers
Look at the presentation of this godi channel...shame.. godi media...
Pakistani farmers in India .. ???  M* mother will also be ashamed of her son.
farmer always win
*What about 20000 crore loss to shoes manufacturering industry due these fake farmers leaders*
Repeal of Farm laws = Loss of Farmers
MODI is MODI....he is one of his kind ...he know's when to move forward or REPEAL  and when to defence or attack .....Jai Hind Jai Bharat .....JAI SHREE RAM ....
Represent this Man as Representative from Farmer that will provide Draft for Amendments to make changes in Farm Laws as govt is ready to make changes
*We support Modi against this Deshdrohi*
8:55 this is what he does wherever he goes. He gets hyper and makes big claims but doesn't realises the consequences of his words. This is just like "abki baar Trump Sarkar" that he said in support of Trump in last US elections while being a Trump supporter. Then India had to face and still facing the consequences when Trump didn't win. Same happening to Afghanistan. What will Modi do now? What's gonna happen to his "imaan"  and his friendship with previous government?... 
All country with Farmers
Kudos to our farmers for long battle..
Why government is testing patience of farmers...
I am not a supporter of any party. And I have not come to get the certificate of patriotism from Zee News. Farmers would have lost a lot from the Farmer's Bill. Farmers should get the right rate for their crops. 
Long live world farming.  Long live world farmers 
Modis government holdings future fire for farmers
Never thought that this channel is also the part of Godi Media. That became clear only
Thanks  vice news...  From Punjab from India...  For showing us  .  And what  we actually  need.
If you were speaking truth then why you are scared of farmers coming closer to you???
1.They are not farmers
99% farmer's support farmer laws
I'm an Indian and let me tell u the way it started was awesome, but it's more of a political thing then the real issues of our farmers
*If govt repeals the farm laws; WHAT ARE FARM PROTEST LEADER PLANS? Since they are anti-corporates. ARE they going to make new warehouses?new market accessibility? connectivity? New exports markets? Reduce/refuse receiving subsidies?..*
More than 700 farmers died many suffered in protests.
SUPPORT FARMERS .... THE ANNDATA .... 
5. The only issue these laws have is that the disputes cannot be setteled inna civilian court, otherwise the laws in and of themselves aren't anti-farmer. 
I support our farmers but beating policeman no not at all acceptable. No it shouldnt have happen
Jai Hind...how can a farmer be in dharna for months together. They are not into farming but are paid brokers to stop govt from functioning.
It is the victory for  khalistani supporters
Hi meghnad! Government does not buy remaining grains unsold at mandis.. govt does open ended procurement at msp that is govt cannot refuse to buy from any farmer that brings his grains to fci.. the problem is small and marginal farmers do not have means to carry their produce to fci godowns n end up selling at monopolized cartel infested mandis... M no supporter of the govt these bills have big flaws but APMC should go..
i am from pakistan i personally feel that mr modhi spoiling fresh face of india
The farmers had the right to protest... but there are certain norms which need to be followed while protesting against any topic or issue..
Excellent detail...an eye opener, due to the very nature of this complicated bill... appreciate it...these bills definitely need every citizen's support, considering the poor farmer of our country...
Do u know al economist and expert supported farm law.
I appreciate tht BJP is the most intelligent party in world atleast they know they haven't acknowledge properly to so called farmers and now they will find other way possible to help farmers I know it coz modi did in gujrat and gujrat now most developed states in india.
I really got very emotional on hearing this news. We congratulate the Farmers for their patience and perservance on their year long protest. No doubt, this has come with a very heavy price. So many precious lives have been lost and so much of turmoil and bloodshed has been witnessed. Rubbing salt into their wounds the Farmers were labelled as Traitors, anti-National, Khalistance forces and what not by the BJP supporters. Modi can now forget to get even a single vote here after. What is worse in the coming elections there is going to be tremendous anti Modi wave and a very bad back lash in all the northern states. With all his experience Modi should have read the writing on the wall long back. Modi's hands smell of blood and the stain will remain forever. Jai Hind!
Farmer union should be there with government's intervention who will decide the price for crops.
Farmers says I can take guarantee for your marriage but how can I take guarantee if there will be no child birth after your marriage.
We support kisan andolan, they are fighting for their right.
And also gives me knowledge about the 2020 act for farmers and the individual entrepreneurs Wishing you a good luck and looking forward to see more videos 
The eyes of Indians are welcomed by modi government. through tear gas bombardment .waterjet.and wiered trenches waha..son of poor mother... Jai kisan
please repel new farmer bill
Loss to real farmers!
Bjp is antifarmers, antidalits, antiminorities.
Diesel price went down due to election farmer bill back due to election jai javan jai kisan jai hind
international price of the goods. After 2010 the minimum support price 
Thank you for raising the farmers issue.
Please make a video on why farmers are not getting promised MSP. As you said only 6% farmers get the promised MSP. Pls make a video addressing this issue.
Farmers we know what is the limit of you and what is in favour of country we will never accept your choice not to vote BJP but we will vote BJP ok
People who don't know the f in farming and left their motherland for fulfilling their selfish motives are protesting in the expensive cars at a foreign location as to how the indian govt should frame policies on its internal affairs. Wow!!
Crazy it is now , it's really sad to see farmers protest is being destroyed,
There are about 130 million farmers in India (more than the population of many big countries in the world) and certainly, not all of them are protesting because most of them will be benefited from this law.
Farmers keep united n every demand will be met because the urge for power will bring down any person on it's knees
There shouldn't be Repealed of these farm laws.... There was needed of Modification of farm laws. Because of this we and agricultural sector Is going to back about decade. We need certain regulations and Laws for mordenize our agricultural sector. 
When kangana said terrorist to farmer...it hurt me....she lost respect...but eventually it's see to be true...
Yes today is really a Black day for real farmers of India....we lost 4 generation warfare...so sad..
Bjp ka raj hai saheb..chit bhi tumhari pat bhi tumhara..one day this desh will be land of king and wasir amit shah and modi..no one will be more imporatant then them..
We did not brought law overnight but we never consulted with farmers about law because it wasn't necessary....
90% of farmer in 21 states have no problem with new law , only 10% who belong to a particular state and are richest among farmers are causing trouble. Government can't take back law completely that was meant to help those 90% poor farmers because the rich 10% think this will reduce their income little bit.
And what steps can govt take for helping farmers except these bills
One one had opposition claims agriculture is state subject and on other they blame central govt for farmers death
Does anyone care what the opposition says . They speak both sides . People of India are with Modiji. No more talks with these anti social elements who have made the poor farmers sit on protests forcefully
Did you get all this wisdom after the bills are repealed, or have you made any video before suggesting your favorite leader what to do
What about the need of a provision for cheap and speedy redressal for disputes arising if any, out of contracts entered and other farmer - corporation issues???
Best of luck rakesh tikat shaab
A big agitation is a head from April 22, to implement farm bills.
Questions - is there a path for these middlemen/wholesaler to procure at 800 from farmers and sell it to government at MSP calling themselves "farmers", making a profit? Does the government do checks on such spurious trades?
2. Does this End MSP? No. MSP will continue since Govt has to procure food grains for  distribution to 50% of urban population and 75%  of rural  population, for 80 crore population. Farmers need to understand the dynamics of MSP. In food deficit years, food self-sufficiency was achieved by green revolution technologies and schemes inter alia Grow more food, Intensive Agricultural Area Programme, offering Minimum Support Price (MSP). Currently, supply exceeds demand in MSP crops, including those without procurement, leading to market price fall. 
And he was saying Farmers of Haryana were in support of farm laws.. liars
It was like a movie...and when rakesh tikait cried it wAs a turning point...i got goosebumps while listening to this episode...more powers to farmers
Congratulations to all the farmers 
Request to all the UP belt show your support to Yogi Ji and make him CM in 22 and PM in 24
3) There is a need to move away from the paddy-wheat-sugarcane cycle. Punjab and Haryana have played a major role in India's food security. It is time that they are given due respect and incentivized to move towards more commercial crops where Govt won't have to bear losses. India has a surplus of rice and wheat. Worst we cannot export it because the procurement costs are high. 
stop calling them farmers.
India must establish good relation with Taliban using their diplomatic skill to protect the Indian interest in and around Afghanistan.
#Farmers are feeling insecured.
Farmers Agitation will not have any impact on Modiji Govt.
The MSP is generally greater than the price in APMC and thus it makes profit to farmers
Farmers power
None of these leaders are concerned about the farmers  or National interest. Their interest is about wining states like Punjab and then make a double u turn
Victory to the farmers!! Support Indian farmers!!
The thing is that Punjab and Haryana's farmers income will reduce while it'd increase for other states .....Which I believe is a good thing as farmer's really have very poor condition in states like Bihar Maharashtra etc
Proud to b farmer
This protest and reactions in india is largely due to ignorance. farmers earn just a fraction compared to prices of goods due to middle men. Farmers are in a cycle of loan and repayment and most of the farmers only know their regional language in which the middle men can easily manipulate the news said to farmers. I think the new laws is more like antrust laws to break the monopoly of middle men and how is it a monopoly well farmers can only sell their goods to middlemen in their region or town otherwise they cant sell it directly due to regional or state laws.
Poor farmers....... Still they are targeted,
As far as i checked, only ndtv showed the 1st part where those mf hits the poor famers with cars.. All other godimedias who eats and poops the money to hide the real news , and showing the after parts were the farmers are provocated to do so.. Hatsoff to ndtv... Pls i don't need any excuse reply from anthbhakts.. Humans are always welcome for replay....
TO COMPENSATE  FARM BILL  PLEASE ENCOUNTER OWAISIBROS
These are not farm bills these are private company welfare bills
Now, Govt has given the freedom to farmers to select the customer of their choice.
these are not farmers these are separtists
I knew this already when I first saw the news. I mean how tf ppl are able to easily enter Redfort?? How come a peaceful protest can turn into mob attacks?? There's no way this is not scripted to defame farmers protest. Thanks for putting the word out.
Ravish kumar ji aadab. You are the real son of india. You are a great human being and above all roll model of jurnalism in india. God bless you.
Thanks god... Local punjabi media was reporting live at that time. Clearly farmers has been peaceful during this time but police let bjp goons near the protest and throwing stones. Police even started tear gas shells within farmers protest.
In full support of the Agri bill, govt organizations do not have expertise to drive a massive industry. We have 6 middlemen between farmer and the consumer at the moment according to the stats, if a bigger more streamlined player can cut the gap between farmer's price and consumers cost while also providing storage capacity will improve farmer's profit and stabilize the prices too. People hating on this bill need to look at the stats, we have massive potential to export, we need the private players to do it. This is not a zero-sum game.
Since this bill has came, I haven't watched any vedio as I wasn't able to understand these bills but after this vedio, I got to know each and every aspect along with why our farmers are protesting. Thank you sir 
Even after being a BJP supporter and Modi lover, I can agree with 100% facts stated in this video. Modi is the best, farmers are the best, but who won? Middleman. Congratulations real farmers, you lost AGAIN.
My uncle is also farmer but he's not involved in this shitty protest 
Please speak on Shanta Kumar Report which says procurement of grains should be stopped from Punjab, Haryana, Western UP etc and should be done only in Eastern states, secondly as per DOHA round of WTO US, Canada, EU etc are pushing India to restrict  procurement and stocking  to service PDS i.e. 40%of population whereas food security act envisages stocks for 70% of population, thirdly what happened in Bihar after private procurement was introduced and public APMC were abolished and what happened to Apple growers in Himachal after corporate buyers monopolised procurement, lastly PEPSI has large contract farming for Potato in Punjab and issues and difficulties and corruption in procurement where in 10 years price has increased from 5 to 8 per Kg but input costs have increased manifold during this time. just giving political twist does not help farmers cause, the public at large cannot be swayed only on political and emotional appeal, the facts and issues and reasoning behind agitation has to be brought forward, if people know details on what is at stakes and what farmer stand to lose by these 3 laws...
Context for people who are not indian- The same political party had marches, bandhs(closure of shops or economic activity as a whole) in around 2012-13 and opposed the same farm laws when they were tabled by the congress in the parliament to garner popular support.
BJP promised in 2014 it would be their first Act in government to Didi! And then? A year later they gave an affidavit to Supreme Court that they will not do so because thatll increase inflation! Politics? Lies? Marking a fool of farmers???
The quint CEO killed 4 farmers in up 
free khalistan free Kashmir love from Blochistan Pakistan
Farmer's Protest proved still Democracy alive !! And Ravish Kumar a ture Journlist !! Kissan MAjdoor Ekta Jindabad !!
each indian farmer should receive $2000 stimulus cheques from their government
Why this much long more than 1 years this farmers protest is running around Capital Delhi only by blocking the every human life earning in the surrounding area's
I support farmers culprit should be arrested
Farmers do have an issue which demands the attention of the government, but they need to realize the limits of their agitation lest it should boomerang.
Um, I still don't get it though. I understand their frustration but keeping the status quo and not reforming the Farming sector is not the answer. There are new Technologies and Internet based food industries being built in India, that can benefit everyone, especially the farmers. Instead of repelling the laws entirely which doesn't seem viable, the farmers should come to the negotiating table, as they clearly need the safety framework in place. But they aren't doing that, instead its just the choke hold of protests that stifiles any meaningful evolution of old laws that still plague India.
Congratulations to all farmers 
We support real KISHANS,not Tikayat type gunda kishans.Boycott Congress&opposition .Jai Bharat
4th Generation Information Warefare solution for india :- this is first step, this step also needs innovation. So support india.
Why Ct Ravi going after Aimim , Ct Ravi being head of bjp  must go and tell modi instead of going after owasi because we can do with words and even modi has not ban Taliban yet . Taliban is a problem  in Afghanistan  and politics for BJP in india
What is going on respect farmers so sad after looking this news
I am Muslim support kisan Brothers Itna din se delhi police kya karyhi but power full kisan brother 
Ek dum unbaised. Thank you. I support government but I also support farmers . Violence is no solution. Farmers should give suggestions to improve the bill not to repeal it because it will give profit to many farmers across India. But there must be some improvements in the bill.
3) In the video it is already mentioned that cartelization and teaming up happens in APMC markets today, so what is the sense in continuing with the same system and support more middle men who do not let the farmers get the worth of their hard work & toil?
1991 we opened markets for other 2 sectors leaving away farming. So other sectors developed and our farmers suffering.
India is different, at least from here we see they treat farmers almost like trouble makers and untouchables , Indian government treat Indian farmers as burden of the country.  A government (especially as India claimed it is a "democracy")  should be for the people, the majority of people in India are farmers, the government should work for them, serve for them, but Indian BJP government does not care about them at all.
I have watched and heard this discussion on other platforms by non-political entities. The argument and points brought by those experts is completely gone missing in this videos. I am aware that only so much can be covered in 20 mins. Time will tell of this is a favourable bill or anti farmer bill. But one thing still begs a question? Why this bill was passed in such a hurry? There is no smoke without the fire.
Farmers should get their rights and justice ..we vote and pay taxes to have rightful benefits in our country, what are we getting? This is unacceptable behaviour of government. Farmers are core of India and are part of major GDP contributing sector of India. In support of farmers rights    
I am witness. They are farmer. I have proof and if you allow me to show. Up front of zee camera so i can make it clear they all are farmers.  And. I am not supporter of any political party.   The protest is against system not party.   But. Ruling party right now is BJP.    If there is congress i dont care i can stand up as similar right now
heart breaks to see how farmers are forced to live in such cold weather but for them the pain caused by  those farmer laws is more..
Well I support for farmers but a flag agnist indian flag is completely different thing
Those who are supporting this bill right now will learn their lession when adani and ambani sell 1 kg of wheat at rs 500 instead of what you're getting now at rs 35 farmers won't going to benifited from this in long term but comsumers ki toh waat lag jayegi
I want to see what your opinion on the foreigner taking interest in farmer protest and how you see this thing. It's a good or bad. Please make one more video
FARMERS HAVE THE RIGHT TO RESIST!!!!
If it remains a farmers issue. It's fine. But if it becomes khalistani issue then strict action should be taken against anyone who is sowing seeds of such hatred against India.
Proud to be a part of farmers protest
thankyou ma'am its really clear all doubts on farm bill. waiting foe more videos like this...
The laws are right. So are the farmers. Hence the deadlock.
Congratulations to Indian farmers. Your non-stop fight finally paid off. Jai Kisan !
Superb great decision because that farmer don't know actual farm law actually they are not farmers...
First how giving license to traders through APMC had controlled indebtness problem of farmers? Because private bankers lyi koi fix rate of interest ta hle v ni aa i think eh ta just viewers nu emotional  krke AMPC di image vadia dikhan lyi video ch add kita
NDTV Make a correction, These are farmers of haryana and punjab not whole country. we are supporting it.
I am son of farmer and I support Bill..
I still dont know what this is all about other than farmers are protesting. Yes, questions were asked but no answers were given. Heres some advice: 1. Ask the right questions and 2. Persist with the questions until it is understood and you get an answer. This is painfully poor journalism by the BBC.
Dawoodi peon tikait and khalistani undergarment dalit sikh blood sucker nihangs must be jailed forever. For singh border and lakhimpur muders.
Bill repeal on account of security concern...
Except ndtv and ravish sir stand for truth,but other channels do defend godi media
do you have any idea about farmer condition realy Mr.Das
Farmer die by suicide because of loans because they sell the crop at MSP and then same produce resell is at higher price and profit is not passed on to farmer.
Sugarcane farmers are left without payments for 8 years on their bills and paddy farmers 2 years. How would they return back to their fields to grow crops for next seasons when returns have not come for years on their investments. Further this nation have not built enough infra for storage and procurements. 10s of thousands of sacks of paddy wheat gets spoiled without adequate facilities to store. They feed the nation bearing loss for own and more pressure is put on them.
You know the shit has hit the fan when the sweet indian farmers lose their composure.
Pm is totally different personality on off camera  vs on cameramafi nhi sja milni chahiye 700 farmers ki death kai was well knowing that before up election they will withdraw everything even if you ask for non sense they will agree for them only election matters nothing else.
Fun thing is that only 6% of farmers benfits from MSP -  These are recent stats
We support farmers 
IN THE FIRST LOOK , BILL SEEMS GOOD FOR FARMER . BUT WHEN WE WILL GO IN DETAIL AND ONGROUND REALITY OF THIS BILL , ITS GOOD FOR CORPORATE . ACTUALLY IN OUR NATION , GOVERMENT LEAVES 'LOOPHOLES' IN THE BILL FOR THE BENIFITS OF CORPORATE HOUSES. THEY HAVE COUNTRY'S BEST LEGAL TEAM BUT STILL BILL'S COME WITH LOOPHOLES.  EVERY GOVERNMENT DO THE SAME MISTAKE FROM LAST 70 YEARS IN INDIA, EVEN CONGRESS , BJP AND OTHER LOCAL PARTIES ALSO.    ---JAI JAWAN JAI KISAN
 that all the doubts farmers posed and will be tabled in next session of
Everyone gangsta until farmers run a tractors on police .
Wrong reporting. The farmers were crushed to death.
I am from kashmir, and I'm happy for farmers, atleast they win, in our kashmir brutality is such that, we protest for dead bodies to return for burial.... Katil Modi
SECOND-even if we assume that if bill was decided by actual votes the bil would not have passed ...then what have happened ?? then in this case where bill is passed by lok sabha and rejected by rajya sabha then JOINT SITTING would have been happened where member of lok and rajya sabha have voted collectively together then for passing of the bill only 393 vote is required even in the worst case senario bjp has more than 400 seats in both rajya and lok sabha . but this was done by voice vote  in covid because it would have been easier and fast by voice vote ......
Ye log pure kisan hai but tum media and bhajpai leader duplicate media and leader ho.
Were the farmers in the first few weeks ready to talk to the Government?
Pakistan army  he kafi ha Indian Army k liye Pakistan army Lovely Army
Every poor farmer are with yogi and bill
Good for Tikait and opposition, they can now add more fuel. However if its not an accident then where was ministers son. How come he managed to escape whereas three other BJP person were lynched to death? State police should take strict action against Tikait and others and end this non sense now.
Arifa,  you and Ravi are the best journalists of the entire sub continent. Modi sarkar should take the entire thing back and dissolve, the whole world is with Kissan.
Shame on police attacking unarmed farmers with riot gears. Not a democratic government anymore thanks to the bjp government shame on you Modi
Im totally confused on this.. Are the Farmers pissed because they want Milk prices higher??  What am I missing here??
First reaction on farm laws after two year. Only election drama
If farmers don't want this. Just remove this law fools. Jinke liye hai unko nai chahiye. To thop kyu rahe ho
please support indian farmers from fascist indian union govt...
Every action has equal and opposite reaction. Godi media
We are with our farmers from tamilnadu
There are many mistakes in what you're saying. Farmer can only sell his produce in his local APMC. Selling outside APMC or selling to other APMC of the state is ILLEGAL according to old law. but some states like MH, KA have policies to allow sale of some goods outside APMC. Please read the act and then make videos. You are popular so please speak responsibly
Please invite impartial experts to your programmes to propose rational solution to farmers problems.Expect nothing from these politicians. Moreover, Swaminathan committee report is not bible..
Guys have some shame no matter which political party you support death of any person is unfortunate...... during riots in West Bengal I stood up for BJP workers who were being killed even though I dont support bjp because every life is important...... and here some dumb ppl are ignoring the fact innocent ppl died and are playing politics
Modi never realised that we voted him to take decisive and firm decisions, instead he preached high but delivered substandard in some artificial fear of rejection.
Calling them farmers will be insult to real farmers working in fields
Her. Achhey.  Kam.  Ka.  Opojison. Key. Dewara. Birobh. Hi.  Kam.  Reh. Gya. Hey.  Modi. Ji.  Aap. Achhey.  Kam. Kertey.   Rehiey. AMethi. Waley.  Aapkey. Sath. Aur. AMethi. Ki. Kermoth. Sansd. Key.  Sath.  Khdey. Hey
Farmers asked permission for "tractor rally" ( that's why they be driftin) as a form of protest
this happens when mislead people protest , not knowing laws ... at the start of these protest we were supporting them but after some leaders of farmer protest used these for political purposes we started ignoring them and after26th january I lost faith in them completely....and then I myself took an account of laws and thought there is nothing to be worried about except a particular section for which government proposed amendments but they{ farmer leaders } never talk about that instead talk rubbish political talks sucking farmers vote...shameless people
Plz modi ji helped afganistan I am Indian my heart is crying for aganistan plz modi ji afganistan walo ki help karo
Sitting on the road in chilling cold for more than 60 days.... that's what farmers had to pay to be heard... and around 200 of them died during it...
No doubt We supports farmers  but due to this we are unable tp go to schools and colleges from last two days we are requesting you to not make any problem for the public transportation as we are facing loss in studies.
These three laws are against farmers....i am a farmer too..... If any one have iota of doubt in that he/she is welcome for open debate
Aur jo factor affect karte hain iske liye vo farmers ke control mein nhi hai. Kabhi rainfall zyada ho gye, moisture increase hogya , agar nhi hui to moisture decrease ho gya, kabhi grain size pura nhi hai, kabhi ye fertilizers ki matra kam reh jaati hai, kabhi kabhi produce ko rodent kharab kar dete hai, kabhi fungus lag gye.
We suport farmers
Good job ..  MSP is must for the farmers
We are farmers. Our brothers r on boarder. If we can sacrifice them for nation then imagine what we can do for our rights. My 3 cousins r in Army n soon I will join to n it really breaks my heart when people call us anti national or Congress supporters. Its heartbreaking..
#wearewithfarmers
3) Rest of India now believes its rogue Punjab matter. Not farmer matter. Khalistan support is now obvious.
Very bad for our farmers....... How they think.... This is also bad for our nation
RAKESH TIKAIT KO EK BAR AFGANISTAN  BHEJANA PADEGA .
When few businessmen run the country and a wellfare state starts to act like a broker to business entities then this happens.. Standing with farmers..
Such a sad situation india is in.  atleast it won't be called Modi's fault, he did everything in his power.
Those are khalistanis. Farmers are with the country. These shameless people are Against India.
So farming industry in India will remain backward ?
Victory to farmers for reinstating hope and faith in Democracy!
I am with kisan Shem on u bjp
The opposition parties will be barking but our Honorable prime minister Narendra Modi will do the best things for us.. we always with our Genious prime minister Modiji...
Satnam. Waehguru. Ji. Respected. Sir. Very. Nicely. Said. But. Minimum. Compensation. Should. Be. Given. To. The. Kind. Of. Deceased. Farmers. Please. Modi. Ji. Do. It. Farmers. Family. Blacing. You. Thank. Jay. Hind
Its not only farmers,  it effects to whole janta, plz try to understand
"2 Rahul Gandhis"  Punjab Election they weren't even there in the picture...
Vox, you explained the three laws very well, hope this video will circulate in english speaking urban areas of india so that those people will understand the worst situation created by modi government against farmers of India. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan.
Just to recollect, ter were farmers from south, not in this big number protested for months at delhi, jantar mantar..... naked protest, rat eating protest with no violence..... PM n govt did not have tym even to meet them... now its number game..... bigger d farmer number... protest is big n impacting d city.......
Thank you Manishji for explaining the farmer's bill in easy steps. We are grateful to our Modiji for bringing this very important bill in this session of the Parliament. I am glad that we are living in age of far-reaching and visionary thoughts of this enlightened Prime minister. India is indeed lucky to have him.
Shame on u I can't find words for u godi media
To be farmer u need to 
India national media is under central government
          Now, supporting the Kissans I have disconnected  my own home Cable connection to stop listening  Aungraje, Godi media and anti-farmers Channels on TV.
Good news for opposition, bad news for farmers.
Congratulations to farmers of India great fight for justice.jai jawan jai kissan.
Hats off to the police department to have hailed all this irresponsible farmers.
Only former s from Punjab and hariyana protesting... But others states formers are supporting this bill, even Kerala govt is opposing but they don't have apmc ......
Well done!! Support to the farmers!! Victory to them!
From first day the khalistani supporter take over this andolan and  funding are coming from Canada by the khalistanis....
Big cry day for Andhbhakt, modiji accepted demands of khalistani Deshdrohis 
Good. Continue covering farmers. I like your unbiased details.
BILL 2: ( Contract Farming)--> The companies who have contract has very strict specifications and has legal clauses which allow them to repeal the produced food if there are minor changes in them since farming is a natural process there are always deviations, in that case the farmer will be in back foot.
Supporter Media ko bhi expose karna Jaise TOI New York Times and Hindu... 
I think u shud say the full video of PM speaking to farmers in Madhya Pradesh 4 days back
Govt's goon were going to women sector and he was saying not to do that . There was no local person there we saw live videos at all punjabi media channels
Glad to see the unity among the Farmers
It is the victory of evil mind( middleman and opposition) and..... hard working farmers and government have lost.
Who is here after farm laws are repealed?
congratulations to all the farmers who stayed in the streets and held steadfast to protect their community, their families, and their livelihood.  Waheguru SatNam.
Its a big blow for the small traders they will have to close this including mandi, and could be temporarily beneficial for the farmers, unless we have many very big traders in India. I know now we have many now but many are foreign traders like from Amazon, Spar, Reliance, Specers, more and many more. So it depends because there could be a competitive edge for farmers to keep their produce at the best value.
 election 2022 - BJP 230-270/ 403 .         
Our farmers should be go and stand with new farming rules 
Well done by farmers ..they know the laws better than any one relating to thier field...
.but   ...it's should be passed in economical way in the right of farmers ....not in government ....way
Godi media  shame on you from pakistan
The whole world is with the farmers.
3 bills 3 simple points .     1) Govt should write it in the bill itself that MSP will not be removed. Farmers want written assurances.       2) ECA BILL- it is no problem to farmers but it will affect all the consumers in India,unless you dont eat food.  govt has removed the hoarding limit on Essential commodities, so private corporations can store as much of food grains and essentials commodities as much they want, In this way they can make ARTIFICIAL SHORTAGE in the market , and prices will go high and inflation go up and it will effect all consumers and their is more point in it that govt cant intervene unless it reach double ,so this govt helping middleman not removing it         .       3) 3)CORPORATE  Farming- in this there is a provision that if any private corporation doesnt pay to the farmer in 15 days , he can only complaint to SDM , he cant go upper judiciary .
States had different rules and regulations to buy food grains from farmers. It was difficult for corporates to handle so many states with so many different regulations and taxes
However it is so shameful that everyone tried to talk to the statuesque govt yet it took a year and loss of 600 farmers for Our govt to take back the laws.
Biggest mistake was messing with punjabi sikhs and their future livilhood and rights to land. They have been reminded of 1980s state oppression, injustice and genocide thats still unresolved. To add insult to injury they attacked sikhism, integrity of indian sikhs and declared all farmer protestors as khalistanis and terrorists. When rights enshrined in indian constitution are denied and hindered then india has become a dictatorial authoriterian state which it mostly has been since 1950s especially against the  brave Sikhs. Hence now karma will take its course and things will need to change to bring justice to the genocided, oppressed, powerless and voiceless.
Modi is a politician at the end of day. He thought of doing something in his capacity for the farmers and vast majority were happy with it. But if a vocal minority of rich powerful vested interest group with strong PR is denting his image worldwide why would he care about farmers?  But when the silent majority actually realize what they lost, it will be too late. They missed a golden opportunity. If they are so naive to comprehend who their friend is and who is their foe, they are better off being left to their fate. Modi will find a way to win election but the farmers will never find a solution for their problems.
Thank u sir for clearing all my doubts about this bill. Now i support this bill 100 percent
even in this digital age so that biryani analogy is wrong  "and  does a farmer has the economic  ability to build and store in  tonnes in cold storages like Ambanis
Farmers or terrorists?
Why only Punjab Farmer, every indian must join the peaceful protest, Please support our farmers.
Bro thank you for clarity... Will support former moment till now was in assumption... Bcz of other videos this should be shared in all college and all media need to play this... To get clarity... Shared to all my groups...
Sudhir sir America is like a god for most of Indian intellectual, media, and seculars
Its not the farm bill
Godi Media guy trying hard to manipulate Rakest Tikaits staatements .
Farmers protesting for past 6 MONTHS 
Salute All Indian Farmers 
They are not farmers. They are goons of local political parties...
So the farmers apprehensions are genuine.
Upload the another video of khalistani Kisan biased news channel
Proud of truth people and farmers
These are no farmers. They are the same middlemen who has caused farmer poverty in the first place. These middle men are politically motivated and must be crushed at all costs.
We all are with Farmers who protest on Delhi Border Jay Jawan Jay Kishan
No this is not a true government after death of 750 farmers the Modi govt has been repealed the bill and all the farmers are dying because of this govt think about it all time Modi is not true
Big win for small farmers 
Who can trust America? Is the US able to handle China, Pakistan, Russia, North Korea, Iran etc even if it fails against Taliban?
Its disheartening to see well intentioned folks fall to propaganda of BJP on the farm laws.
So big corporate hoarders will create artificial gluts to buy cheaply from the farmers. And then create artificial scarcity to sell dearly to the end-consumers. So basically a lose-lose situation for both farmers and consumers, and a win-win situation for the private firms.
Please support for farmers
Modi ji were also calling kishan khalistani,  terrorist. Anti national,  even killed the farmer,  you can not believe this govt
Farmers should not forget that they were called Khalistani and terrorist.
Congratulations to modi for up elections 
When bill comes there is so much view points and discussion and propaganda but during repeal they didn't even give points for taking it back, which he hold for 1year&3month and cause so much tragedy & quarrel several policeman and farmers died and no sympathy to those people and still Saying like prime minister showing mercy for taking it back...spit on such a cowardness...when passing the bill he speak the all three bills himself but when taking back he pass out his message to his minister for not have a courage enough to show his face it is shameful for our Prime Minister.
Necessary to form nationalised ownership governmental unique political organisation party of farmers and labourers for each collective group. Please Farmers and labourers firstly demand this.
0:35 I am Proud Of farmers the are beating police swaaad hi aagaya
Remember it's not about only farmers but about the democracy of India...
If now the bills are being protested, also by the other political parties, why should you not withdraw them and reframe later involving farmers suggestions? We will credit you for re making of the Bills.
Samdish is absolutely best when it comes to ground reporting in India. He is the Ravish Kumar of ground reporting. Something similar to what Jordan Klepper does for The Daily Show.
Rakish Ji say put into practicality and not just talk; in the past nothing has been done , to wait another year or five years , to see the government implementing their promises , is at high stake as they always failed in their promises ; farmers cant high cost of living with modern structures, with education , health ; instead of out sourcing to outsiders; give the farmers the opportunity to grow organic food; which the farmers had done in sixties . Pl ease think of farmers livelihood and they do not want to be stuck in the sixties and beyond that .
Kisan ke liye kya Pehle azadi nahi thi fasal bachne ki dusre state me  ? Private mandi kyu ? Inki tarah idiot ka interview kyu liya ? Please explain how it was beneficial instead of stupid reputation of BJP line .
Modi is a gift for Pakistan, he will destroy India with his own hands
I m a farmer, from karnataka, this is false that " Now we can sell directly sell to factories" . I sold my 3 mt soyabean directly to Ruchi Soya. 8 yrs back. And ruchi soya was taking from many farmers. But price was at paar with APMC Rates. Just 100. Per qtl more, even that i lost by giving transportation charges from my pocket.  So no gain. Chootiya banana tho abh rashtriya niti ho gai hai.
Please support our farmers
We Pakistani should learn from the farmers instead of being in slumber we should raise our voice for the restoration of democracy in its true spirit .. Salute to the farmers
Requesting Govt to resolve things in a way that our farmer brothers go back to their homes with a big smile No politics on this please
UP farmers are also protesting
Unfortunately what you are saying is not true . These Farmers bill are black policy .
So far farmers never resorted to violence. As always there could be some infiltrators from the other side who have deliberately created a tense situation, then acting saint, which a kind of modus operandi adopted over many decades
My prayers with the farmers
The only sector which was growing in Modi Regime was farming and now we are loosing that to
Then why mass is fleeing the so called talibani sarkaar like what happened in syria , go and tell them that it is a peaceful group
If old/current laws are so good why do so many farmers kill themselves?
#SupportFarmers
Ok now solution is state which wants to continue without bill it's their choice... Becoz Punjab and Haryana farmers are not whole country farmer.. let's take it as a state bussiness.. let's them grow wheat and paddy... We are with them...
Shuch a shame that they are celebrating thier loose ..they think that they won but middle man won and these guys think that they fought in farmers interset ..had h bc..you are celebrating the revocation of farmers friendly laws
I don't know what's wrong or what's right, but one thing I'm sure of is Modi ji is the new Hitler, and this government can do whatever it likes without even letting people realize it.
We are with farmers..
Fun fact: I happen to live down the road from the Indian ambassador in New Zealand, and there were people protesting something about farming in India front of his house the other day and I didnt really know why. But now I do! So thank you 
RIP innocent farmers  really very sad and shocking video 
Touching the heart of farmers with laws is unfulfilled crime
Very simple  & confident, yet excellent concept cleared why Farmers protest and unhappy!?
Farmer is correct . ..
6. Cosenquences are, these corporates buy Rice and other food products at Rs 10/kg from farmers and store them in their Warehouses or cold storages and create inflation in the market. 
Modi & Amit Saha are servants of Industrialists of Gujrat. They together planned and create andh bhakts to come to power in 2014. Because Congress Government is  common man's Govt., Industrialists didn't get support from cong. Govt and planted two chappus (Modi & Saha), who knows nothing about running govt, to support them. Ye ek Gujarati Adda banarakha he.
IN CONGRESS RAJ, when farmers were killing themselves, when Hindus were butchered in J &k, that time you enjoying at Lutyen's official bunglow unofficial,  uska hisaab do then omit.....
Modi/Sha played every dirty trick in the book to dismantle farmers protests, but they failed to realise that they are fighting farmers not politicians...kudos to farmers they have shown the way forward...
farmers are usurped by the Rich / Super Rich farmers. NRI owners of 
If all farmers around the country or even world demand extra money in lieu to prevent stubble burning, what will happen to the environment?
APMC can eat Rs 91 per Kg and getaway, Big corporates can't, they would need to show on their balance sheet a ROCE (Return of Capital employed) of over 1100% will lead to heavy scrutiny, even if Big corporates make huge profits say 30-50% ROCE, they could give farmers much more in return than the what farmers get in current APMC model.
Please do a Hindi & Punjabi version of this and distribute it widely in your home state of Punjab, so that the farmers really get educated and know the truth.
I was waiting for your report. Thank you so much for covering Kisan andolan so well. I am so happy that farmers have partially won the battle. Now we want a new law to be formed to ensure MSP to farmers of entire India.
HI Mam I have been following your channel from last 18 months .. though you have tried your level best to explain in plain language but this topic requires more technical approach.. what u missed here the farmers are adamant on MSP as law and they want the repeal .. why the action all starting from Punjab , Haryana and western UP.. but protest from Punjab is more.. you should have started from green revolution and the rank of Punjab is those days when comes to per capita income and agriculture growth rate .. and next you should have focused why MSP was so much seen as God gifts for Punjab farmers and what are the flip side seen .. too much pesticides usage , ground water depletion, rise of cancer in Punjab Doab region and highest in india , why only wheat and Rice .. during UPA time there was plan to push for alternative crops to minimise impact on water table etc .. and it was not pushed up aggressively, Punjab has free electricity and water for farmers and the subsidies has actually made the famers pump more waters and MSP at same time for rice and wheat .. now coming to MSP why no Govt can legalise .. during UPA Time a bill on food security was passed and to maintain the buffer stock the current Govt maintains 2.5 times of requirement .. in WTO Bali summit india signed Peace clause and the clause says developed country can provide max 5% subsidies and developing max 10% subsidies on output .. for this reason Canadian Govt has complained to WTO on our MSP as artificial infringement on pricing .. same way US , China , Japan , UK etx and max was Canada on complain side .. if subsidies is more and storage is 2.5% times .. we have to import less and as per WTO agreement we have to comply by various act/ clauses ..Now if we are making MSP as law . Govt will be bound to procure all 23 items as listed in MSP and net procurement cost will be more than our estimated budget .. so we will not have any fund left for other sectors ... another demerits here is we will be not able to compet in international market because of high procurement price .. either way we have to sell in loss and Govt will have to bear .. the new law has actually benefitted rice farmers of Assam(Dibrugath), rice farmers of telegana and Karnataka , cardamom farmers of Kerala , cotton farmers of Punjab etx ... the protest is mostly confined to Punjab , Haryana and western UP.. rest of india are marginal .. we need to focus on historical data and current data for an effective presentation.. so that it will be beneficial to everyone . Moreover the per capita income of Punjab stands now at 13 and agriculture growth rate behind Haryana and Himachal Pradesh .. so all these needs to be highlighted .. pls try next Time by incorporating all .. if you require any inputs you can connect me :) I can be helpful any time .. best of luck
Bill pass kiya to oppose krre the, bill repeal kre to oppose Krna h.
Praying for well being and prosperity fo farmers
Jai kisan  hats off to the determination of farmers
These people are not farmers
RAKESH  TIKAT  JINDABADD
Govt is unable to explain how will be the objective of bills be achieved . Unorganized system will definitely lead more exploitation . As you mentioned that APMC were created to stop exploitation it is best example before us how unorganized system was exploiting farmers previously. Though APMC system is exploiting farmers but there is certain system which need effective  improvements . Middlemens can not be removed even by new bills . Govt will have to involve completely in purchasing produce to remove middlemens. Govt will have to be linking source between agriculturists and consumer , govt will get power to regulate living standard of agriculturists as govt regulate employees and politicians by way of salary increase each year. Govt is unable to satisfy farmers with question how will be the objective achieved . Unplanned bills . Farmers reforms can not based on imaginary perceptions.
GOOD MODI MEDIA RUBIKA MODI LEQUAT ABP NEWS ANKARA'S BAKUE CHANAL DALLAI MODI KE GODI MEDIA BOYCOTT BAKUE CHANAL ABP.
Why don't you beep everything and claim modi was driving it, what a example of reporting he said vehicle belongs to das, if you want to oppose someone point out the faults don't fabricate them. What else to expect from Rubbish
Good video.. salute to our farmers.. Kangana has no right to interfere in all national affairs
Its not a farmers protest anymore.
Except stubble burning demand, i support farmers but you cant support stubble burning. It has crazy effect not only on weather but smog it forms over delhi, up and bihar
Thank you Sandeep Chaudhary sir for standing with truth and our farmers.SKM Jindabad.Kissan Mazdoor Ekta Jindabad. Thanks to our farmers for uniting our nation when negativity at its peak trying to divide the beautiful nation on various agendas.unity in diversity is strength and beautiful.
Victory for farmers jai kissan morcha but its bjp election gimmick
Such so called protest weakens the nation. Seems only 2 Indian states hv farmers
Indian Farmers I salute u from Pakistan
They were never good for the farmers or the people. We know who they served. I think you should not ask us for the subscription, when you speak for the Adani's.
farmer's protest have failed due to violence
Patience of farmers is running thin ..... Modi has watched "do bigha jameen" ....
If you want to stay poor, not Modi, even god cannot help. Let the farmers decide their fate now. Getting carried away with fools is the best solution for them as of now, but they'll repent for their unethical mindset and behaviour later in future.
All maharashtra is with kisan bt other Media do not showing this
I think there are some problems in these bills which government is trying to resolve by talking to farmer unions but anyone who says  scrap all these bills is absolutely wrong. Fun fact when congress introduced these bills BKU ( bhartiya kisan union ) that green flags you see in the protest supported these bill and BJP mp sushma sawraj opposed it so my advice is go read these laws yourself for better understanding dont follow anything or anyone blindly ( both government and protest ).
The logic is simple, the middle men are eliminated and the farmers get their reliable price for their harvest and the people are not burdened with heavy price of essential commodities.
Report put more emphasis on journalists, instead of farmers, reports are trained to do so,  shame on media, they dont say anything about police, army, all are getting paid to do soooooo
We support Kisan andolan
Why should the government fight for the poor farmers when the poor farmers are not willing to fight on road for themselves. 
Actually it seems one state Punjab and few illitarate fierce Punjabis are ruling India now 
Farmers and  there next generation will always remember & thanks lallantop for this documentary .
So, as I understand, the blame for introduction is on Modi, the blame for repeal is on Modi. How convenient. 
I know sitting peacefully in the cities and discussing farmers issues may not sound right but it is not right to disrespect the flag like this...I just got to remember the colonial days of flagging down the indian flag..shameful act...Flag represents the people of the country not the govt.or their acts
Havent witnessed the fight for independence but have lived through the big historical farmers protest through honest journalism !
U r showing them like they r doing something revolutionary... They r those farmer who hv 70 % and they r just 2 % of former or even less
Farm Bill for eased business? Eased life? Sustainability of business? Sustainability nature as it is? Know you aren't aware of it all like all drummers.
8. Why farmers carried Sticks, Swords, Axes with them?
According to me Rakesh Tikait is fraud. Where was he before 2014? Why didn't he fight for MSP before 2014?
Punjab has one of the most fertile lands in the entire world . It's not only ambani or adani but European  big agribusiness companies BASF YARA BAYER  that's why world's largest protest don't get much of international media coverage
Kick the butt of the BJP in the upcoming election. General people across India should think, why are these people wasting their time for the past 9 months. 
To defend it I would just say the trend was being used by media to insult a community and to screen the peaceful part of rally, So people stand against protesters, as happened with Shaeen Bagh case...
Is the only Rakesh Tikait good advice for anymore poltician party good deals in the nowadays. Ourselves know, that Rakesh Tikait is good not knowing any knowledge good handler for country. 
Thank you sir for providing in-depth clarity about farm laws. Educating and empowering farmers should be the first priority otherwise such laws and reforms will be 
Thank you so much for listening to farmers and conveying their message to the world in such a wonderful way
The reason farmers did not go to supreme Court is because they knew supreme Court will favor government. 
My dad is farmer i know its waste doing farming
Don,t watch  godi media,s  journalism news 
 United by farmers 
Now Please upload on repeal of farm laws ..
Dear Arfa Khanum ji, I am observing your noble contribution to fair journalism. Very proud of your reporting and empathy for the farmers of our country. Regards.
This farm bill is actually really good for all the farmers across India. All the opposition parties don't want to see any development in India specially for farmers or they will easily loose all their vote banks in just few years.. For those who haven't read the bill yet and spreading fake propoganda: https://blog.finology.in/recent-updates/farm-bill-2020-pros-and-cons
Excellent research. Should be translated in Hindi and Punjabi and telecast in Punjab and Haryana
Sare chor ek sath he beth gae hai BAHUT SAHI .....YOGI JI RATE BHI BADHA DENGE ...WO SAB THEEK KARENGE ..HE IS THE MOST HONEST CM IN THE ENTIRE INDIAN HISTORY JAI SHREE RAM
Look like  Punjabi and Muslim people don't see india  grow continue with the corruption  want re-elect Congress.......
It is amazing that when a large number of farmers protest for their rights against the Bills that passed in the parliament denying their demand when remaining out in the open ground at a so cold climate, how rest of the people sleep in  own mahals ,in their cozy  facilities, not heeding their voice. How much we are concerned for the peasants group who have spend their whole energy to produce food grains for us. Should not we give ear to them. Think thrice, are they on wrong demand.
This was the most unbiased video i saw regarding this. Some were biased towards govt. Some were biased towards farmers. This was the best video
Farmers should get Free education that's it. 
There is no clarification about any of these.. Hence the comment sections are this polarised.. One who pro farmer believes jo kiya sahi kiya. Rest are seeing vandalism of public property 
Wow only a handful women protesting and so much media coverage and here in india over 2 million farmers protesting and no media coverage 
RBI has caused a lot of headache with the recurring payment system. Modiji has been absolutely bulldozing laws through ordinance route without going through parliamentary process. BJP should be much more sensitive..
They r not farmer's
Rakesh tikait and khalistani are now unemployed........ 
Do not call it Rastravaad Kisan Tikait. This should be called Rastra barbad Kisan Tikait the manha goonda.
Victory for farmers
We are with you Farmers of India
What a shameful act by BJP on peaceful citizens. It's unforgivable. British hanged estimated 1200 Indians before granting independence. Over 600 farmers already dead and one more died off injuries yesterday. BJP wants more.
Thank u for giving such a information about farm bill 
The upcoming elections in 2022 are going to be held in 5 Indian states. One among them is Uttar Pradesh. It has the maximum share of members in the parliament in both the upper & lower houses. PM modi also won from one of the constituencies of UP. In the upcoming UP election, a decisive number of seats come from western UP where the protest is at its peak. In Indian politics, whoever wins UP assembly elections, decides the power sharing in the succeeding National election. If Modi's party looses it, he will loose his PM seat eventually. So now hope it is understood why Modi had to finally make a U-turn. He has betrayed the citizens at every turn with extensive pro-corporate policies & selling govt agencies. Now he will have to pay for it!
Jai kisaan  stand with farmers 
If the farmers don't want it why u r trying to impose tht laws on them  thy know what is good for them
My salute to our farmers..
India bring its army to Afghanistan and return to Afghanistan from the taliban.
First Time I Had Seen Police Is Pelting Farmers With Stones 
I was waiting for long fir you guys to cover farmer protest , As india Media is totally sold out ...
Leave your ill exposed cadre behind, Modi Ji and zero in on non aligned nationalist people N they're not difficult to to be found N they are everywhere...in every department/institution. The boot lickers occupying key positions are doing you more harm than good. Look at promotions in Universities. All ultra leftists...... becoming professors..... Imagine India's future!
Sir, you have been doing and done a tremendous job. Kudos to you. The Indian agrarian economy needs much more agricultural research, directed towards increasing productivity of land and results analyzed on a regular basis. Increasing wealth in the hands of farmers will help improve economy also.
Don't underestimate power of normal Kishan. They are backbone of our Country , treat them as a freedom fighters. Our kishans are playing major role like soldiers because they are feeding to all Indian. . How the soldiers gain strength to defend our Country without food. Salute to Kishans.
The one who eat food, will definitely support farmer.
Honable chief minister of tamilnadu to see this farmers law protest please farmers are back Bone of indian economic development
Run it over anti farmer fellows.
this bill has many negative externalities and does not serve public good or the interest of the public. Infact, it encourages monopolization of perfectly competitive markets, which naturally leads to inefficiencies. and discourages innovation.. thats why in most countries monopolies are illegal...not sure why India is stepping away from free markets to a monopolized system?
I support Indian farmers 
Let the farmers keep it.
I am proud of the farmer 
These laws will be good for agriculture but bad for farmers. 95 % of small land holders will have to exit farming and join the ranks of daily wage earners. On the other hand  , agriculture and traditional farming as we know today will die a natural death. A new order will replace the existing one.
If it was a people's government, it would have withdrawn the Farmers' Act without delay.
What Abhijit Iyer says is crap, Modiji is more sharp,
BBC takes any opportunity to bash the Indian government. Anything to appease their woke friends. The fact is India needs to modernize its farming practices
Lucidly explicated ....By far, this is the best video I have watched on Farm Bill 2020....Thank you 
I am Indian from West UP and there is injustice being done to the farmers which is wrong. I strongly condemn this and the government should change it and accept the farmers' words.  Modi government is doing good for big businessmen but by implementing this law they will cut off the stomach of poor farmers and laborers.
All of us know how efficient is Indian  judiciary. Farmers will not only end up in court but they might wnd up in Jail just because they can't read a contract properly. Big companies will have big law firms to support them but farmers can't afford to fight them. 
God bless our Farmers 
Government has permitted farmers or anyone to protest but *IN PEACEFULL WAY*
Thank you for telling their stories. Keep fighting farmers from India 
I respect farmers but
Please  continue the stir my dear Punjabi brothers. I would like to contribute towards my Punjabi Farmers. Please provide me details as to where I can send some money. 
2) farmers law protest (after months)
For innovation. ...no farmers will produce less costly vegetables or those vegetables which are seldom bought....in effect some vegetables will be stopped cultivating by the farmers and will be obsolete... Sir your comments are expected.
Sack the minister and Save the face...Modi Ji...
We should stand by farmers
Yee log kissan ki name per Galat kar raha hai... I think Indian Govt Action for that.... They Not Farmer. Thy Opposition for Indian Govt..
Ajitji, you have done the real job in farmers protests. 
NDTV is more than happy than farmers
I agree that private participation in agriculture is need of the hour as it will bring infrastructure and technology . But farmers fears are also true bcoz in India 85% farmers own 2 or less than hectares, they don't have power to bargain. A proper mechanism to safeguard the interests of farmers must be set up by bringing a specific legislation. Elders farmers can be illiterate,  but young and educated farmers have been spearheading this protests . So u can't dismiss their concerns by saying they are illiterate and unaware. No they are educated and know how to defend their rights.
Excellent leader who is firm in favor of  farmers unity.
Contract farming is an option. Farmers can opt this option if they are not happy then they can sell their product in thier local mandi as they are doing till now. Then what is wrong in this bill? Bill is just giving new option of contarct farming and also Govt will buy product on MSP as they are doing till now.
Farmers do have their own interests, and we want them to have and demand for that.
Kisans have defeated modi and bjp.Jai kisan.
Love and full support from Pakistan 
Why are farmers from only punjab and haryana protesting not from other regions??
All Indians are with the farmers hopefully!
Just so that Western people know what's going on, since the inception of independent India, India has had one of the highest suicidal rate amongst farmers, over unpaid debt, underpaid crop or simply failed produce, the Indian agricultural infrastructure is very different compared to the west, and most farmers are very small land owners, barely making ends meet, the government provides a service known as the minimum support price to sell their crops in government owned markets, however this system has been a den of corruption and being a farmer is really very difficult in India, however the new bill wants to bring in the corporate sector in the field and create a system of contractual farming, which is actually a noon for farmers
so drones are up to see if mischievous activities are taking place in farmers protest.. Why not send these drones over parliment and gujrat to see any mischievious activities taking place there
Modi should pay Tribute to The Shaheed farmers and apologize instead of still trying to prove that he was Rite.
Waah ......the reason he gave is awesome....."because we were unable to make some farmers understand farm laws properly.....we take it back.....though it was good".....wtf is this every person has some problem with some law make India law free 
Huge respect for you brother, thanks for covering farmers protest
This is what happens when uneducated people and thugs run a country. Support to the farmers 
Sir I think no problem far farmers.but government desired fix rate.then problem is solved.
Government unable to stock more on same goods year on year and in rain you might have seen government stock is wasted. Farmers just grow same crop on msp guarantee and government have to buy and stock or pile them. Consumption is less and stock is more. Wasted. Hungry stays hungry and government cannot feed all free. Cannot sold outside country for loss. So they got new bill so wastage will be avoided. Directly sold in market will help government and farmers also think not to grow same crop so rates will be slashed if quantity is more. Government did good work but farmers have to think smart and grow new goods which are not available and if there is loss in this government should guarantee no loss...
As a Agri graduate I know the benefits this act could make  a well explained neutral perspective  farmer could get better market margin why should farmer not earn any profit while everyone else wants profit
Farmers power
My brother and Sisters of UP.I am from AP. I am requesting don't vote jumla bjp.It is against poor and middle-class people and against providing government jobs to Indian youth.BJP is against government jobs.
Modiji every time lie. Now we don't trust this lier has said truth?
Punjab and Haryana have very good market system for farmers thats why farmers have better income compare to rest of the country.  Indian farmers allowed to sell their produce anywhere in India from many years. Owner of 5 acres in Bihar works as labourer in Punjab. Why ??  Cuz open market system exploits the poor farmers in Bihar and other parts of the country.    Second  law allows unlimited stocking privilege to big corporations  so they can control the price  so farmers also fighting for middle and poor class of the society. Contract farming is already failed in Punjab.
There is no permanent friend or permanent enemy in diplomacy, only permanent interest. India should start accepting the Talibans and work in hand with them
There are many more farmers in India then  these protesters who support to the law
Discipline  farmers & good people
700 farmers died and this channel is still supporting prime minister.
After implementation this bill.. The farmers leader could have initiated na or state give also can initiate... Or panchayat also can be... But no one is coming and talking in thus rirection as far as farmer strike is concerned
WHY ARE THE MEDIA GIVING SO MUCH IMPORTANCE TO RAKESH TIKIAT, WHO IS HE.
If the farm laws are so good, why do the farmers are agitating....
Same thing applicable in Indian Media also.
Union minister son was driving  The farmers have identified him.
Farmers are the life blood of the nation.....we all support your demands....go ahed for the right cause...
It is heart warming, at the same time heart breaking to see our farmers standing united against the apartheid govt, which is nothing but a mere puppet of international mega mafia families.  I am sorry but, it is no use protesting on the road.  It is smarter to know their strategy, think like them.  They don't give two hoots for farmers or people of this nation.  It would be more smarter if the farmers change the tactice and organize against the seemingly invincible as well as invisible enemy and do the unthinkable.  Build your own market.  Think out of the box, unite, organize build your own empire.  Apmc can this time stop being the exploiter and help farmers come up with an effective alternative instead of just wasting time and resources on futile protest.  Help farmers kill those desi mulimillionares (local goons like ambaani adaani etc.) and  muliinational megalomaniac monsters who will never rest until they buy all of the land of India.  And yes they plan ahead of 100's of years, and they have resources and patience to wait it out.  We hardly have any chance against them.  Give them the same thing back, patience, determination, and a well thought out plan.  Come up with a sustainable strategy.
England broken by EU by brexit, will its colony be dissolved by farmers atleast now (with Bhupinder grandson as CM and Queen owned Delhi PM) is the question
3) 3rd law will allow private company to keep unlimited stockings and can led to articial price fluctuations and low price for farmers after harvest.
we love our kisan. they bring a message of unity, love & wisdom. they wl take india fwd. modi time to go
Police should have used a big force on these farmers, who are looking to have subsidies and damaging public properties. Without force they are  not able to listen and follow the rules. without education this is the results. Fighting and disobeying police, it is unacceptable.
Sir as u provided solution that MSP should be legal means they get the minimum price outside and inside the mandis. Production of crops is much large than the requirement. So not even in mandis they are providing MSP's. This solution will just increase the problem of farmers ..as not equal to MSP atleast they are getting something...if should be legal then they won't be able to get that amount because its not possible that the whole production is purchased. So atleast something is better than nothing. Even in this video u stated that in mandis also only 6% farmers are getting MSP what about rest which is the majority so atleast they are getting something ...if this is legalised they wont be able to get that ..if they go against the law thn everyone of us knw the outcome. I also belong to Punjab n i genuinely want that farmers should get whatever right for them
The most comprehensive yet concise presentation of Farmers Protest. Thank you.
I support Farmers 
PM Modi eats imported mushrooms worth Rs 1.2 crore every month, so he don't know the pain of Indian farmer
Bro am from Pakistan I watch your videos regularly I hope there should be journalists like u  here too because our media is also controlled
Is it modi talking direct support from tv
Where heavy highness hounds Harbour highlights  of  farmers  there' radicalisation  develops towards  crisis in the country  ll .
There is nothing wrong in the farm bills, this gives so much more flexibility to the farmers since they can sell their produce to whoever they want to without getting into the clutches of the monsters of APMC. There are always 2 sides to a bill like this. Only time will tell us if this is actually a pro-farm bill.
The Contract Farming should also be done between APMC and Corporates based on the contract they also can ordered the Farmers to crop as per....
Farmers 
That's the reason everyone has food on their tables. Is this the way to treat these innocent farmers?
Dear all Indian MUSLIMS we request you to please come with farmers and make this mission successful.
*In case someone is wondering why farmers are protesting against fwg bills;*
 farmers were protesting against a meeting of the BJP over the upcoming municipal polls chaired by Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar
What type of Lie... another LIE. The reporter didn't die coz of the farmers but he died after being hit by the Car
Farmers lost, opposition won
What is the problem if msp is guaranteed for farmers legally,either private and gov they would need to buy above msp...
Respect to all media that backed farmers and told the truth..
I am with farmers. They are absolutely right and sensible. Look at that arrogant policeman and want to declare its riots created by farmers. It is sheer politics.
Most of the farmers in all other states did not have a problem. 
The three acts that the Farmers are protesting and why is it important that the journalist in India should help the viewers understand what it interprets for the farmers and the govt. Why are the farmers protesting, what is the governments vested interest. 1.The Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce ( Promotion and Facilitation) Act, 2020. 2. Farmers( Empowerment and Protection ) Agreement on Price assurance and farm services act, 2020. 3.Essential Commodities ( Amendment)  Act, 2020. If you guys need help watch this video 
Police should join hands with farmers
The intensity of the protest was not at all proportional to the benefits/loss that could happen to the farmers, Its all is Politics
It's so funny during CAA protest, delhi riots, everyone blamed one person Tahir Hussain, and now this police officer doesn't want to take one person's name. It's a sad sad day in our country. Only way to show solidarity with farmers is by  coming to roads. All Indians come together in each state in each village in every road. Everyone all at once ! This nation needs to be protected from the current goons ruling our country and not our protestors!
If the farmer is rich, then so is the nation, Agriculture and farming is the backbone of any society but now we are facing this sort of crisis DISHEARTENED 
#these_farmer_know_ghanta_about_farmers_bill
Farmers' Day is an annual observance in various countries to celebrate the national contributions of farmers and agriculturers. In India it is observed on December 23
Aur aisa nehi ki Modi ji ko hi sab kuch karna parega. We are sure there are better brains in BJP - bring them up, use them. Make blue-prints for the future. Publish them every 2 years - show how you are executing & achieving those. Update them and re-publish. 5 years time is too long...
Thar was driven by Rahul Gandhi...and Gandi family were going for picnic....in between farmers came n commited sucide under the jeep!!!! UP tusi great ho!
Nobody is asking them to live there.....that is their choice......this is not a protest for India......it is only for the benefits of the community of those farmers.....not even a protest for all farmers in India.
It just shows that India is not China and we cant just strong arm stuff , even if they are the right thing to do. I hope this is a lesson for the government to engage in broader consultations before pushing laws through. It also shows the inherent strength of democracy in India and the strength of popular public movements. Today I feel very proud of my country, even if I supported the proposed laws. Kudos to the farmers and their resolve that brought the government to this decision. Thanks to the PM for showing this flexibility, even if it is for the elections. Lets heal and move on
Hey my friend, you should read the farm bill if you want to make the video, still you can read it, it is available open for all, the farmers are protesting because they are manipulated by some groups and opposition parties.
It's very saddening.. These farmers disrespecting Indian flag.. Its the problem of government.. Dont disrespect your countries flag..
kisaano c desh h desh c kisaan ni we must support with farmers ...   anaaj c zinda rahoge goumutr ya gobr c ni
Why Was & is Deep Sidhu's Farmer Union allowed to camp on police's side at singhu border?
During the bye polls BJP lost in the places where farmer's agitation was going on. To save western UP during state elections BJP has taken back the three farm laws. Time will tell whether this will be successful.
If the medias are asking questions favoring give the Rey to them and convey it to Modi. What is the problem for Modi to come for discussion, the people only selected him, if he has been appointed by the corporates let him go to the corporates. But he should not forget that he is not the employee of corporates, he is the public servant.
If she had shown some flexibility India would have been different today.ndhi could not handle Khalistan and sacrificed herself. 
4. Present the reversal as great favor from Modiji.
I am from India india is a Pakistan part
Farm laws will actually give farmers more independence to sell their produce.. They will still get their minimum selling price.. There is no law that will give advantage to corporates.. Majority of the farmers and TRUE farmers here actually support the laws..
  goverment     goverment hai exam hote nhi hote h to leak sab fir court case court se decision saalo tak nhi ate ghtiya syatem h india ka shame on you indian justice haryana me janha 10 saal baad govt job par lge pti ko bi hta diya bjp government ne suprime court me jhuth bol kar  boycott government
To those saying that Taliban will capture pakistan and India soon.Shall thank their god(Pls dont start any religious fights)for the freedom.And thank god both Pakistan and India have one of the best militaries and can hold the Taliban despite whatever the situation is.At this time we cant say anyone to be right or wrong
Loved the response by the farmer leader.
#standwithfarmer
Indian have to unite together and demand a law as to how a common people can protest in India and who will take attendance count on protest.  Protest is a right in our democracy. Hope supreme court will define "Protest" and take the voting of majority as a thumb rule in democracy to repeal black law.
The Modi Government is behaving like dictator. BJP should be dumped soon.
Grt video and grt enthusiasm in farmers as well as samdish . I hope they make this arogant govt. take back these laws!
Stand with farmers. Educate our youth on the realities of the struggles of the farmers.
Why are there only a certain section of India farmer protesting.
Sir, i really really appreciate your work, after watching soo much criticism on godi media ek umeed ki kiran aapki video se aayi
Taliban counting crisp 100$ American bills-
Salute our farmers......they proved that people power is greater than government power. On this Guru Purnima day, farmers have taught us how to stand up for your rights in a peaceful, democratic manner. They are not just "anna daata" but teachers for rest of us citizens.
Small farmers can form their own private/government cooperative organization with respect to which crops they are producing. Then the free market idea can be legible according to me because if all the farmers producing apples get united as one unit it will be tough for companies to con them
farmers are better than congress  in terms of opposition to government
Farmers are not fools holding ground in such cold for 2 months...where BJP politicians sleep in their AC offices.
An excellent interview replete with lots of crucial information affecting agricultural operations, pitfalls of PDS, supply of foodgrains at heavily subsidized rates, damage to water table by sowing of wheat and rice massively etc. Eye opener for farmers, politicians and the government.
Great work please support to Farmers 
If farmers requests to #RejectFarmBills are not heard then remember Kisan Se Desh hai aur Desh se Kisan hai  When injustice is in a nation then public anger rises to throw off the Tyrant like #chineseChaukidar
Farmers have become new Kashmiris.
These are the fucking farmers were about protest and march peacefully with their swords, laathi etc strange. 
Nowadays farmers of Bihar are just a labour in many stated of India.
Regulation my foot. In India, you have to be rich to get justice. Farmers cannot go back to Courts and fight the corporates the same way Drivers could not protest or file case against ola/uber.
BJP was expecting some home grown terrorism or renewed Khalistani movement supported by Pakistan and China, and that is the real reason behind this activity. India already fighting two wars (Pakistan and China), domestc wars against Kashmiri jihadis and Mao folks. In addition to this, punjab turmoil would be extra burden on the BJP Govt.
3 bjp supporters and the driver who has been killed by these hooligans a compensation of 5crores each to their family members should be provided by these so called Hooligan leaders.
Who has made sabit Malik farmers leader must be put behind the bars
We Support Farmers & people like you as well we need the politicians more like you
Been over a year and many farmers killed at the protest and Justice needed for the farmers
Salute to the courage of the farmers involved in the protest. They never knew what will happen, but their faith in their  belief is amazing. It reminds me of Gandhi's satyagraha and non-violent struggle. Congratulations to their effort.
Justice for the farmers 
Shame of you modi farmer's are protesting from a long period dont u feel shame
Farmers from any where in India are very peaceful people this violence was deliberately done by ruling party to break morale of farmers
Most of the people don't even know what the bill is all about. People are hating and supporting the bill blindly. We need farmers bill, but few adjustments can be made accordingly as per famers request. You can't simply reject the whole bill.
My say to the farmers is that" you are speaking to our radio only ! Because our PM interact to us through prescripted dialogues, social media videos and "Mann ki baath"
Full support haryana
Essential commodity act se bhr krne ka step acha h bcoz isse Market me hi govt ka intervention kam hoga but govt ko ispe msp jari rkhe Jisse farmer ko loss na ho
Now it makes sense why farmers viz rich landlords are protesting heavily especially Haryana and Punjab,you just cleared my doubt. I support farm laws , they represents the soul of directive principles of state policy and very idea of federalism.
Good luck farmers
Sik / Farmmer are the biggest Strength of India.
The question was should everyone pay more to preserve the livelihood of a minority of farmers? That's stupid
the best coverage ever. Scoop whoop does best as always. Kisaan Zindabad
Farmers 
So basically jo paise beech me chale jaate hai, vo kam kiye hai aur farmers ke profit ke baare me socha hai. Bill is in favour of anti-hoarding, anti-price rise. So farmers aur consumer ease ko ye Bill favour karta hai.
Annahazare...one man protested media's gave most imparts now formers protest but indian media's sleeping too
Law on paper nd on ground in our country Everybody knows well nd there is some loopholes in this law which are going against farmers that's why farmers are on roads
25 minutes he kept questioning his behaviour .....not discussing the real issues of anti farmer bills. Pathetic anchor...
We all indian are stands with our brave farmers
Mam please brief me that advantage and disadvantaged of farmers bill ?? Plss
How was this good for farmers or people, can someoe explain..giving corporate the right to buy crops from farmers at nothing  and store and sell it at much higher prices to people exactly what was happening in the 50s.
I support kisan andolan but I also support government on caa and nrc
Respected prime minister  Modi ji immediate withdrawal farmers against New three law. Don't waste off time . Former strike it created comen public side   your government administration conditions  unsatisfaction.  this situation definitely effect coming Tamil Nadu assembly election. so immediate solve farmers laws . Otherwise yours  government nothing to win comming election.
These farmers have stood up to heartless neoliberal capitalism and won!
I SUPPORT FAM BILLS
I'm not finding Rakesh tikaith Trolls pls do he will feel his postion in India
If you all think that guru gobind singh ji maharaj's nihangs have done wrong then   they are the same community that drove away Muslims tryant rulers. And didnt let Hindustan turn to muslimstan. Otherwise  you all know. He is such a beautiful person who surrendered himself whereas the union minister son was absconding hided. And farmers will never get the justice of their brothers murder at lakhimpur kheri.
Why The leader's of farmer's are quiet ?? Where are all the political leaders of congress and bhim army
Respect ! Farmers rock !! 
If you can not speak and write for farmers break your pen and better sit at home
please translate in hindi..our farmersmosly donoy understand 
dude in my opinion now this isn't farmer protest it's become religious protest.
#StandwithFarmers from Ladakh 
The farmers should stand up nd speak the goverment dont want to do things the nice way repeal those laws nd end of the story why is the gov so stubborn
Such terrorist minds shud be banned from India
U keep talking about public property being destroyed but don't talk about how protesting farmers actually caught locals who were purposely going around smashing windows of cars and buses to make it seem as if the protesters were causing the damage. These locals were probably also paid government goons like others that have been caught and confessed to being before. And for the tractors that were pushing barricades aside, well why were the barricades there in the first place? Isn't India a democracy? Every individual has the RIGHT to protest. U can't justify the violation of human rights by saying "it wasn't the agreed upon route tho". The fact that there's people who even disagree with these protests is the reason why India's become a fucking laughing stock for the rest of the world.
I am a son of a farmer in Punjab. Ilove my India like all the farmers. These news channel will not say anything wrong about govrenment. If you wanna see rality you can watch NDTV India or you see Dhruv Rathi s latest video. Please dont judge farmers protest according to these fake news. Please
2. Kishan bill Apas  hua ? Or drama of Modiji for the ensuing UP election. APAS bill kab pass hoga?
SALUTE TO FARMERS AND REAL REPORTER 
Great! But the *Sad* part is that elections are coming! And poor farmers will again vote *BJP* AND THEY WILL DO THIS SH*T AGAIN! 
2. If farmers want the services of "middlemen" who have lost their jobs under the new system, they can just hire them directly and pay whatever percent they want. The farmers are in fact better off because they are free to hire whoever they want and cultivate any relationships if they want to do that.
 When modi was learning to ride bicycle, india had already started manufacturing aeroplanes and helicopters.
Now the BJP would blame all other parties for their petty politics within in and outside parliament. BJP could again begging back these legislations after detailed discussion and putting forth the positive aspects of these laws and after proper media discussions and taking the message thi the farmers and rest of the people.
Please make detailed video on present farmer scenario, luved this VIDEo
AIKS is the single force behind the co-ordination of AIKSCC. Long live farmers unity.
Thank you SG for a nice presentation. I think that the entire exercise in enacting the new farm laws through an ordinance is just to support a few large players at the cost of a group of small and medium players. Nothing more than that. I hope most of you can understand this. Thus , according to me , it is a fight between larger evil and lighter evil . I feel it is better to allow lighter evil to exist than to allow larger evil to enter as a time will come when , we the general consumers, will be affected in a big way. Do any of you get Jio data and talk time for free now???
Never vote to BJP...jay Kishan
Govt who was shouting about double income cant even assure minimum price to kisans, what an irony
Long live the Farmers of India!! What a let down by Modi....
Earlier Akalis broke away from BJP just because of the farm laws. So now Akalis can come back and with Amrinder also with BJP, this looks a winning combo now Modi risking rest of the state voters to take punjab, knowing his usual voters dont really have other choice
Wahh .. Standing ovation goes to you as ur determination compelled supreme court to suspend fascist tea Vendor's passing illegal brutal legislation..  On the other side Muslims in India did not  hv courage to protect our oldest masjid and unable supreme court to discourage law passing against them..  So week they are. Again congratulations to Sikh community on this day of victory
Thanks to our pm Narendra Modiji jai hind 
Justice is where when you provide everyone security and safety !!!!from everyone I mean everyone whether farmers or whether middle men because they are also human !!!
Election Anna wailai hai....Punjab and u p 
Abp news   thumbnail dekho sarcastic sarcasm se bhre ha kisan virodhi abp aaj zee news india tv
Here one correction I want you to make, farmers earlier also had the right to sell their crop to any part of India and traders were not.
Please make more videos like this. We stand with our farmers and support them.
Modi degraded PM postion of India
Seven hundred kishano ka hatayare h BJP RSS and jjp wale h
Indian media : We should ignore all these and focus on Sharukh's son..
In present senerio when 76 percent of farmers want to leave farming and major of Indian farmers are near poverty line and non of the previous govt system is able to uplift them then we should give this bill a chance for at least some years may be this bill have some loopholes but there could be many thing in positive so yes we should not make it political and should think of farmers only
I think farmers Bill are overall good but government should talk to farmers and assure farmers on msp
Mr Ajit had great contributions for Farmers coverage  we are proud of him, he has shown his True dedication   when other media house did not stand  for, Mr Ajit had done one of the best coverage,  Already have stoped Godi media  TV subscription , Hope day we find and make HIS INDEPENDENT TV CHANNEL
Sir, can you also explain why you think the farm laws will do good farmers? Will they raise their income that too quickly enough? Will they ensure that prices of essential commodities dont increase due to supply shortage arising from hoarding? Farm laws are good but not necessarily for the farmers. They are good for others parties involved such as corporates or big sellers and the Government. When every party involved is looking for their interests, why shouldnt the farmers?
I think 12:15 was election manifesto of BJP govt. As news was of 2018 punjab elections.. it's been 5 years since
Jhuthe log..... farmers are duing great job...
Why farmers are only from Punjab,Haryana &  western part of UP ???
What a shame on Republic Day we have to see farmers protesting. Govt. had ample days to solve their problems n take back their laws.
Thanks farmers u r real hero ...Modi is in coma why cant he change law ... when ever he make any decisions its ruined India.. remember note bandi
After watching all this , congress lost their '    ' ! They just don't want this country to be developed ! Their thrones seems more imp to them ! My full support for BJP from today ! 
English subtitles please!!! Lovely Doc ! More power to farmers!
India buys 90% of its need of Grain(Wheat etc) needs from Punjab which was a partiality to other states.. Now all the farmers in other states will also be privileged with this law..Thanks to Modi Ji
4 people (one media person) brutality killed by  so called innocent farmers.
Plz Support farmers 
This is most awesome video on the farm bills tht I have watched... Supperb .
Remove is pant on the street.. let farmers see him like a thief
He killed innocent farmers and many innocent people,look at his villiany,understand his manipulation.
Why not provide an exception for punjab and haryana from the new laws? Other states don't seem to mind them.
Taliban will become serious problem in very near future for India, as its supported by China and Pak: India must take army security stand with proper strategy...
For the sake of political gain, see how the opposition parties are playing game with farmers.
This gives Goosebumps... nation stands with the farmers...Kisan ekta zindabad
This is a matter of existence for the farmers and labor. They have no home to go back to.
Good job bro foodie supporting from Delhi love u  from not only from farmers but from ur fans too  why other pages sleeping not supporting god bless u
Edit : Massive respect to our farmers. They have shown as what's the real meaning of Desh Bhakt and Democracy
I come from an India where supposedly educated ppl celebrate repeal of laws that would've liberalized farming economy, enabled farmers to sell anywhere, reduced food prices.
Is it possible for the farmers to accept the modified terms of farm laws and monitor the consequences of new farm laws for a couple of years. If these are not beneficial, whether the govt is prepared to scrap them after two years term.
This video shows such an epic journey of farmers. Goosebumps all the way!!
I don't care for your opinion on the farm laws but the way u explained the failure of Modi govt
O-officials such as APMC agent , middle man , etc. make it difficult for small farmers to get benefit...
Irony is all most everyone is happy with farm laws, except farmers themselves. People sitting in ACs... deciding what is good for those, who  work in fields while cold winter night.
Farmers lives matter.The 159 Indian farmers who died in protest against the anti-farmers bill paid a silent tribute.
Finally he not leaving the farmers with his feku words ...what about his brain child demonitization drama ..let him explain
Happy that PM. modi understood protester 3 farm laws withdrown
Punjab and haryana are the least productive state and they use both alarming amount of water
Why till now not a single farmer leader or anyone from their family members died yet in any farms incident ??? Only poor farmers died...its quit shocking....
Will caption take responsibility for more than thousand farmers lost their lives during the protest against the modi's farmers Law
Is the bill for the farmers or farmers are for the bill
Respect  to our farmers Waheguru mehar kari 
Modi is doing bad by selling his farmers to big companies. Privatisation of crops is not a good policy until the governments assist their farmers financially. His God might not forgive him. I request my countrys government to stop helping India until they cancel the black bill.
Wht abt those farmers who died while protesting
Q: Why farmers are not accepting farms acts with changes
*there are very small to no protests and rallies in other part of India besides Punjab and Hariyana
Don't mess with the farmers. They are critical and essential to an economy.
BJP is in big trouble now! Modi made a mistake of underestimating Indian farmers!
Great salute to Farmers.. Who showed the way.. How to fight this nautanki govt..
Why government not set a MRP price with raw goods as there is MRP in finished goods. I think if no one can buy less than MRP then farmers will not suffer that much.
At 11 mins I was in so much agony typing with  tears so much corruption it's exactly why so many farmers kill themselves 
Disappointed, if you only had read the laws,it's trying to give freedom to the farmers by making the laws more liberal,just read them
Till date Punjab government doesn't implement New farmers Bill in Punjab because of Congress government in Punjab state. now my point of view why farmers are protesting whenever our home minister says we're ready to discuss on December 4 So Punjab CM should response how situation Will be normal but no no.. because of propaganda of Congress and Muslim community against center government
Some Muslim leaders in India are support taliban 
Plz don't fight wid Farmers 
Farmers will win. Modi's hatred will loose 
2. Why we are taking all farmers as poor or very poor people? Farming is a profession like any other profession. So, like any other profession, some are rich and some are poor. 
Will these farmers vote for you now,BJP,modi?Ask them.
Hi, please tell me if I am wrong here. I am in support of these farm bills that have been brought by the government and I don't think that we need such legal MSPs or whatever. Because if party A is in favour of strict MSP and party B is not in favour of MSP, then corporates will support party B in elections. You can't avoid the interference. Instead, the problem can be solved by incentivising startups. Because if you have 10 companies like bigBasket then you will have competition. A company that offers better price to farmers and low price to consumers, actually grows. A new businessman can reduce monopoly of the old businessman. Competition in companies, is crucial for benefit of mankind.
Farmer's don't believe his repeal word because he may say later it was joke like 15lakhs rupees in your account that's why farmer's want it to be done in parliament by paper work.
Previously i think Modi is not good person. Now I can surely says He is the great Prime minister India ever had. All khalistani people know the truth. Now they begin to fear .Ha ha ha . great
Thank you  to cover the protest of farmer now many vloger need to cover this protest in many ways
farmers is best
Thank you for covering the Farmer Protest. It matters a lot. Thank you 
This makes Bihar self reliant and it's Farmers happy.
It is done by those who were hell bent on defaming farmers by calling them khalistani and traitors. NIA  can ask there bosses who planned it and save tax payers money.
We stand for our Farmers....
Also a word of thanks to team NL for their consistent and committed coverage of the struggles of the farmers.Thanks again.
Just like they said farmers were given 100 rupees to protest same way they said kashmiris were given 500 rupees to protest
Middle man of India's are more rich then real farmers of india and yes truth is bitter for khalistani terrorist
This is really an excellent explanation: very clear with examples everyone can recognize in their daily life. We as foreigners have now a much better idea why farmers are protesting. Well done!
Thank you for covering this. He raised his sword to protect d farmers from the BJP gundas who had police protection also. Shame o DELHI POLICE,  HARYANA POLICE, UP POLICE for brutality against farmers. They have a right to defend themselves.
Honble Courts and CBI may kindly  also be kept watching on Corporaters and their supporting politician so that they may not run away from country(like frauder Neerav Modi etc)after selling Nationalized Public Sectors properties to profits  based 2-3 Gujarati private corporaters.
2. Did any system from now onward created for a poor farmer to sell at his or her field or farm boundary without spending any transportation cost or labour cost
Stop saying them farmers
As the name suggests, Billseeks to providefor a nationalframeworkon farming agreements thatprotects and empowersfarmers to engage with various businesses at amutually agreedremunerative price.
Ban bjp from contesting in Indian elections
Why government does not withdraw the Act. Is it in favour of farmers? Stop selective journalism
i still doubt the govt will fulfill their demands,.They have only taken one step back and you will see them back with all might and vengeance..Great to see farmers grit and determination and your commitment to the honest journalism..They ousted you from their channel and now you have become a household name and a brand...All The Best Sir..You are worthy of their praises
No farmers no food
It may also happen to many farmers on account of  diverse produce as farm produce generally is subject to nature's vageries.
For anyone wondering what Happened to the Protest. Despite of many problems and hardships the protest continued and Finally the Government Withdrew all 3 Farms laws.... The Farmers Won!!
Kejriwal govt. creating panic situation between farmers and bjp.
Man these farmers could have gotten so much more support if they had hoisted our tri colour flag instead of using the flag of a religious community .By this we can understand that the people involved here had no motive of helping the farmers ,there sole motive was to create conflict and distrubt the internal peace within the country.
now he accepted them as farmers ?! His regret not enough for the deaths from Demonetization, farmers laws, covid 2nd wave & so on. still you want 'Thank you Modi ji' ?....... NO
wen u eat then think abt that food which s grown by dese farmers .
i m hocked that joker is leader of our farmers
I didn't know indian farmers has a particular religion! I was with this protest untill this very moment. Now it's just bunch of moron with khalistani propaganda. Don't think bhagat singh died for this. We really failed them. Jai hind!
Farmers deserve to make a living. Dont let the rich take everything like they have in America. Big business put the little farmers out of their land. Bought them up.
I think this act was good for  indian real farmar.
Why does Paddy price in Bihar is 8-9 per Kg and in punjab /haryana is 22-29 per Kg.Keep in mind apmc system was demolished in bihar during 2006-07.
No farmer no food up up farmer .
Thanks so much for supporting the farmers 
See the farmers are smart enough to understand the fact that by only non violent means they can win this war. Govt knows something must be done to malign the whole movement.
He didn't use the word MSP in whole video here, then why showing false statements on left side of the screen. Moreover MSP is not mentioned in farm bills too.
Anyone tell me what good this BJP did for India other than making people to sleep in the streets 
Hence, Govt must ensure that Private Sector as well as APMC can't purchase corp from farmers below MSP. Made a healthy auction. Set a base price for a corp (that is MSP), then who have the power they will buy from farmers. Thus it will create a open competitive market for buyers and also a fair mechanism for poor farmers. 
It was actually nothing just the anger of farmers used with wrong intentions by other political parties
Whenever modi or BJP didn't came in political reform  will india not be progress 
Dear farmer brothers from Haryana and Punjab we keralites are with u ...u feed this nation... being a consumer state we are eating the food  becoz you people are there .. Please keep bjp away next time......jai javan jai kisan.
This proves that to win elections BJP can go to any extent, their days are numbered now..please in the UP elections don't want this Buckwas Janta Party..save INDIA, Jai Hind Jai Bharat
Modi government is anti farmers ,because before this policy farmers get the prize of maize 1600 per quintal but now  due to this policy farmers are getting prize maize  500 rs per quintal ,now think farmers gave 400 RS to the labour and fuel consumption is 500 RS now calculate the numbers farmers expenses are 900 RS ,but they are getting 500 . I'm very unlucky because I born in India where the future of farmers is zero . Hope I born in other countries where the future of farmers is bright . Jai kisan ,
I support farmers, people are now believing that farmers are being paid by the higher parties of India and Canada. One question for those people who believe this, if this is so then why didn't our PM Narendra Modi care to go to talk to them and to hear what they wanted, why wasn't a press conference held in a situation like this. Because our PM is an utter failure and he won't be able to face any of the question of the media.
Don't forget that everything started after BJP passed Farm Bills Unconstitutionally in Parliament.
What the hell keeping other states farmers in stake for just punjab
Farmers who defeat our slave mind Pm )
These are definitely not the farmers. I think enough is enough. In India democracy is being raped and taken for granted everyday. We need a Hitler's rule for a few years to knock these anti social elements.
The real problem is there are to many farmers in india for it to be sustainable.  The average farmer in india works a insanely small amount of land to be cost efficient.
dairy industry in india has ben privatised , so far there is no monopoly 
And all are either farmer's brothers or their sons
thank you for sharing the true information about the farmer's protest internationally  
Also paddy and such crops are abundant in godowns now. In our place we get rains twice a year so we can grow rice. Punjab Haryana depends on dam and canal water. I think they should diversify their crops. Many in between crops can be grown. Also pisiculture, horticulture is also worth exploring. In Marathwada which is a dry region farmers grow sugar cane which is highly water consuming.
More strength to the farmers who feed us <3
Everyone is talking about nishan sahib,but no one is talking about that they also hoisted the farmers flag. And they both are hoisted below the tricolour flag,which is also being carried by protesters in large numbers. And also the flag belongs to sikh gurus and rulers who protected india for several decades
Farmers are the backbone of India. Protect them .
Only yogi ji in Uttar Pradesh.
Important to note for anyone who may not know, the bill targets all farmers across india, not just those from Punjab. There are farmers from other states who are currently protesting, and farmers from other states who have protested in the past about farming conditions in general
Farmers should be educated...
Well played modi ji
This government is spineless... If I was in place of stupid Modi then I would had called this Tikait on one on one debate on national television and would had exposed him completely with facts ...
Sad day for small farmers......
I have heard Rakesh Tikait many times, he was always very witty. But, in this talk, he has come out with Lot of Depth.
I think the youth should watch and learn. The majority of farmers were our elders. Youth off today would not have had the dedication and fight in them. They are all worried about going to Canada and driving trucks.
This initiative should have been communicated to the farmers a long time ago that these reforms were coming in their own vernacular.
Hats off to all the farmers!
Tikait is a fool who is an agent of political parties...he does not even knw a word of what is written in the so called anti farmer laws...
Its so hard to reform anything in India, I don't think repelling the law is the best for farmers, they should've given state an option to opt in for farm laws. Farmers are already suffering with mandis a parallel bargaining power could've been good for farmers but they failed to understand that.
It is finally done. Good to hear that govt is taking back farm laws and it is necessary to pass a bill for MSP making it legal. But burning stubble should be illegal and no MSP for farmer burning crops and please no subsidy for electricity and urea. Also govt should reduce taxes on diesel and petrol.
Some negative dimensions of creating the Difficulties in the short term but it's the reality that these provisions can improved our farmers in the long term
Isko hi politics khte h. Vrna jo Kisan 2 mhine se peacefully protest kr rhe the or peacefully tractor march krne wale the. Wo aaj violation kaise krne lge? Sb politician ne kiya h.
Sikhs should start quitting army then see how modi reacts when India becomes weak!!
                   BJP      election   
If those Punjabi's who dream of separate nation of Khalistan ,can leave India and settle in Canada and make a separate state out there.No one will get Kashmir nor Khalistan, Indian Armed Forces will crush your evil designs against our nation.
We stand with our farmer....
The Indian Agricultural Sector has got a massive setback now . Some of the points needed to be discussed . Now we need to keep a strong check on the NGOs and the social media companies .
Why doesn't  the Indian govt give the farmers  what they want.if the farmers  feel insecure and threatened then the govt should listen to the farmers.
Withdrawing now means it could have also be done earlier, and if this act is for the forthcoming election than they should be held responsible for farmers who have lost their lives. The damage has already been done hugely. What makes the people more angry is, it is announced just before election.
its very sus to see ONLY Punjabi  in this protest.  As they are the wealthiest farmers and mandi lords in India.  
A good account of the events of the day in relation  to the farm bills - unusually though coming from Gupta uncle who has been quite harsh on Modi as a general rule.  State tax as a bone of contention is quite a devastation now that it is likely to not to come, with monopsony of the FCI and APMC will now stop.   .
Mr modiji shd take the guidelines of Mr Devendra Sharma  n help farmers who are pillars
Covid for farmers only, but  no covid for BJP meetings in HYDERABAD ghmc election ralleys, roadshows, meetings? UP CM, AMITH SHAW, MODI MEETINGS....... THERE IS NO COVID?
27 Farmar's Associations protest against this bill but PM says it is favor to farmars. How??? It is totaly Dictetorship, media is fourth pillor of democracy but they also favor with govt. And there dictate things.....it is dictatorship not democracy.....if farmar associations says bill against farmars and country, it means govt. should consider about it.
Farmers 
I'm south indian ... I like the newest bill because we farmer can trade any place in india without any permission thanks modi government..
And there were peace talks with the farmer leaders about changes but they kept struck on their demand of repealing the 3 laws and didn't want any changes. In the end, it came down to politics and BJP accepted farmers demand and repealed the laws.
Farmers in delhi are lions of india do not back down stand ur ground
2. All electric tractor, rotavator, harvester, thresher like farm equipments.
I Guss, Our Genius FM lady may reply " like onions we are not eating any agricultural products we eat poops so farmers protest won't affect us"
But once the Mandi system is destroyed. The farmers will be at the mercy of the private sector. Without any minimum support price.
Naive farmers retaliating... They don't even get that.. Its old trap.. 1st they provoke then they take advantage of retaliation.
The P M of this country clearly says that he has no interest for the Farmers of this country nor for the poor. He hails himself the back born of Corporates....If you have some goodness in you please open your mouth and speak out on Farmers' killing by BJP neta ke beta..
Product -A is out of Control that is  Not required any More but Farmers Product only Product-A still they Sell at that MSP price what's Going to Happens
 STUDENTS ACROSS THE NATION MUST COME ON TO THE STREET IN SUPPORT OF THE FARMERS...OUR BREAD GIVERS..OUR BREAD PRODUCERS.
Does any one from them is a farmer and know what is the real problem  of So called bills for farmers in India ? No one knows the truth and reality only make hoolingn and political milage .
How can I support farmers protest pls give your suggestions
Rightly said we cannot keep dragging this protest, something can go wrong... Farmers grow crops, they have patience.. Government has no choice in this..
We support farmers...
Shekhar Gupta stealth godi media. HMV his master's voice.
Respect to our farmers and our farmer"s  property with our country's property.
We are farmer
Farmers - MSP can't by guaranteed. Guaranteeing MSP means the money goes from taxpayers or Corporates pockets without any quality evaluation. A MSP range per year can be proposed based on estimated demand by Govt. (Govt.and Corporate can use data analytics and set MSP range based on historical and projected demands and make the process transparent and visible) but Kisan cannot go to court when MSP is not within the range. And no guarantee. Nobody knows accurate regional demand in advance.
Thats not a true fact because these are some agents of modi government by which they can blame on farmer protest...
I'm with Farmers 
India must get freedom from BJP RSS.
While you accepting the fact that the BJP has passed very good agricultural bills, the tone in which you take Narendra Modi's name is condescending and straight away reveals your bias. But it is good that the bills have been given their due.
I'm farmer this is very bad farmers should be allowed to sell whomever we wants.
Don't believe his word he's lier n cheater from beginning so Upcoming elections he's doing all drama to gain public interest . Kissan must continue the protests till 2022 end don't believe Modi anymore dear Kisaan seat at the same place and continue protests. ..jai kissan jai hindh #
Take Sikhs away from India, Pashtuns away from Pakistan, both of them countries will fall.
Rakesh Tikait more popular and useful than Modi for our Democracy. He is so cool in the interview, whereas Modi is damn scared of Interview. Only His Mann ki baat whether anybody listens or not. What a democracy under Modi
The government should obey the demands of farmers. They are first peaceful and calm ..but there's no positive response by government within 60 days...omg . So that's why , it's obvious to be violating.
Shameful. No flag above our national flag. These are not farmers these are khalistani suppourters
@Amit sengupta sir superb expllination by you sir on the 3 farm laws. As  we all know every coin has 2 sides in the same way these farm laws has some pros and cons. So when government thinking about double the farmer's income in the same way for boosting the farmers income they want the private sector organisations come forward through these laws. So for making the balance in both farmers and private oraganisation these laws are much helpful. If there is any problem in these laws then farmer should come forward and seat and talk with the government. The government is ready to made ammendments in it.
Protest for remaining 94% farmers who are poor and were happy with these farm laws ? Modi supporters are praising him to
India should recognize Quebec sovereignty movement. They are a persecuted minority in Canada and we must support them.
The real farmers protest sidelined when Khalistanis, ISI highjacked it. The Govt might be looking at a bigger picture and something big is coming this winter parliamentary sessions.
Naxalite is the future of India. Support country Naxalite and its government. Naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights.
I think you have not heard Mr. Arun jetali's speech on these bills. In European countries these bills are already exists still their government spending on farmers to survive them . In those developed countries its not effecting then how can we expect the positive thing about this in india. MODI KA EK BHI DECISION SAHI NHI THA AUR NAHI RAHEGA ...... JABSE AAYA HAI TABHISE INDIA KI AUR BHI VAAAT LGI.....
Inhone pehle pathar mare police ko...woh bhi dikhao....Shi kiya police ne...good work....unnecssary giving importance to farmers.........importance should give to other occupations  equally
A serious wrong decision...but modi has to do it for elections
Pakistan and China had a strong hand in advising and helping Taliban forces to capture the country.
The laws may be repealed but they can be brought back with a few changes, so the time frame must also be fixed,. this may be a trick to break up the agitation, so it should continue until the farmers are fully satisfied
This means Anna ji hasn't read the farm law. Who fed these people(acting farmers) all the year long. Bharat will know very soon....
Citizens of Delhi should go and bring the farmers inside Delhi
This all political drama by Congress party and farmers
Farmers were given permission to conduct tractor parade on republic day and on contrary police blocked the entrance of rally, farmers removed the block. This cannot be called as violent protest, this is resistance. Police provoked farmers intentionally by blocking their entrance.
Mandis were a monopoly through collusion between mandi buyers, politicians and commission agents. This is more so in Punjab. Both Congress and Akalis make money here. If there is an alternative, they lose their source of income. As for commission agents, they can work as agents for other buyers as well. Their role was going away anycase as with Government eNAM portal sellers can sell online directly. Farmers can also form FPOs instead of unions to gain size and pool land to produce what is in demand. There   many successful FPOs already and several farmers that sell online through agri startups who help package and market the produce. Farmers have been purposely misled and most of them being not as educated believe their leaders. The same people who exploited them. This is a completely political protest to gain political mileage. If not, the so called leaders would have specifically articulated issues and got the government to respond. However, they are unwilling to listen and demand repeal of the most empowering laws in the history of India for farmers. The Congress 2019 manifesto stated they would abolish APMC act and its markets. Now they are speaking the opposite. Swaminathan committee had done consultations, understood farmer issues and made recommendations. The government is implementing the recommendations.
No Farmers are involved in these road blocks and illegal agitations.Tikaet is getting funds from Khalistani supporters from abroad. Congress   party is fully behind hese illegal irresponsible  meaningless agitations by goons who just plan to block India's developments which are very rapid and remarkable  under Modi Government.
The people who voted for BJP are also responsible for this condition of the farmers, and the reason for the ruin of the country is also BJP supporters.
I hate modi... I hate bjp. I hate this current government
We support farmers proudly
Lmao Hindustan times , Forget Pakistan your own muslim citizens are celebrating Taliban government 
New laws are not Anti-farmers it's just that it is more of a experiment that can be implemented on pilot basis first than Pan India.
also ... one who says that they wont let us host the indian flag on independence day, do you really think they're farmers?
They shot their farmers?
We STAND with the FARMERS! Absolutely we are Thank You for your reporting!
so heart breaking behavior with farmers who give us the most impartant thing to live!
So gov compromised for few states. Disregarding rest of states.. in from south and i am a farmer. This is really sad. We were happy that there will be reforms . . politics failed farmers again.
How dare you are calling "taliban are terrorist" where your Baap made a deal with them. 
Main reason why it is not good is that private companiea or firms will exploit farmers and govt should find solution or pass resolution against exploitation
Why farm laws have rattled lutyens media
Sorry my mind is still cluttered. I understand how these changes are good for farmers, but then why are farmers themselves protesting in Punjab? The APMC traders and other middlemen protesting would be logical but why would farmers protest? Are they just instigated by the state govt who is feeding them falsehoods that they will lose their MSP?
I am with farmer
We don't support such a terrorist protests. Proud to be indian
Coming at Minimum Support Price (MSP), how many western countries you can name following this practice? Probably none!! Why?? Because MSP system is against farmers. How? It's an old say in economics "Demand raises the price" only licence holder traders or Govt can buy farmers produce in APMC Mandi, no outsider is allowed to directly purchase from farmers, thus leaving farmers at the mercy of bunch of crook traders and Govt, remember Govt would only buy that much which is sufficient for the population, it won't buy and it shouldn't buy everything.
Farmers have never asked for such a bill
keep up Unity brave Punjabi farmers fighting for there Right's Good luck
#indiastandswithfarmers
If these people are farmers then I'm an astronaut
Congratulations to the Punjabi Farmers, They'll Become Arabpati after the Bill is taken Back. 
Amullah and masood is leading towards their end.  As India trained the Afghan  army forces but the hands up before Taliban can act.
Absolute power corrupts absolutely. We all Indians not only bjp's pimps are responsible for this. Even Hitler was also a good orator.
I agree with most of your videos and content but farm laws were not that exploiting in nature there were provisions for farmers appeal, land can never be ceased in the contracts. Farmers form largest voting section I don't think govt is that dumb that it would let it's DM who are point of appeal to collude with corporate
Too much indulgence of the private companies in this sector (the biggest and most important) might lead to their monopoly over farmers which cannot be afforded seeing the already bad condition of the farmers.
Can you explain the monetary and materialistic loss of farmers. Then only Indian can come to know the loss of individual
Bjp will hold arminder hands and enter punjab for sure
Farmer win power of farmer
I just read these comment- thank you Delhi!!! Im so glad you are not fooled by godi media. Imagine government cutoff petrol to stop farmers in UP for protest. What we going to do when they cutoff food supply to us? Guess what is increasing in budget - phone cost and who gets that extra money- abani is the winner!
I don't what kind of farmers stay this long just protesting  without taking care of their farm lands unless they are not farmers.
Mr. Modi favours privatisation. But his style of privatisation means give control to only few who have deep pockets and who are closer to him. U can analyse how competition is being cornered from free Indian markets and only few players are growing and getting powerful.  
Tm modi govt ki chathty rho zee news vlo salo tmny kbhi unemployment pe debate rkhy govt ky chamchy zee news vly ab kha,hai,sudhir chaidhary
What happened to 745 farmers who lost life during agitation, pay compensation to them atleast to their families. God will punish you
Mr. Banerjee doesnt seems to know much about this subject but has a point of view about where he wants to go. It is quite surprising for a Nobel laureate to not be able to articulate in substantive way. Indian farmers needs a support system where long term storage of grains becomes a reality like in west. That way they can save their crops for the time when there is good price to sell. This is how government can help build for long term solution.
Please save humanity.  I support innocent farmers. We have right for peaceful protest
Sad to see protesting farmers in the streets for such a long time. Looks like the Indian gov ignored their demands. Plutocracy at work?
Apology to Farmers.
Why don't you bring Modi and yogi and amit shah criminal rss related  data then we can believe you. Jai Bheem. Sat shri Akaal ji.
He is talking like police  puri trah se dudh ki dhuli hai ... mai riots ko support nhi karta .... aur har wo insaan jo is me saamil hai isme sjaa honi chahiye .. but atleast show or say that is true ... they were tired from past 2 month and in this time they lost upto 80 farmers who will take responsibility of that in all these  chaos the one who is responsible is media ..... if media  were showing truth nothing could happen what happened yesterday and respected sir is saying hmaari traf se goliya nhi chali .... to lal kile par wo kisaan apne aap mar gya aur ek kisaan ke foot par goli maari gyi even tear gas bhi 7 years ki expiry date waali which could be more fatal and could cause life ..
Na i don't support the farmers here.....this is nothing but goondas
Interesting part is that Punjab government is making cool 1700-1800 crore INR and using that money in own political welfare , directly and indirectly . All govts must be doing it . What sort of system we are propagating really . These farm laws are shaking them now so good , some thing good will come out but anti- Modi forces will have every thing in their mind but not the interest of farmers and that will be challenge to establishment. Hope some thing good comes out in improving our agriculture and crop pattern out of this.
Now the society is changing. Technology  is changing then why not farmers....?
Farmers after these bills would never be dependent on Govt and may not force them for begging from Govt 
Support farmers...Go back Modi
Zee news should change its name to zee bjp news or zee mithya channel
Entire northeast is our farmers Go for it my dear brothers we are alwys with you...My dad is a farmer, and so do I.
NB: I'm not asking this coz I dislike the Farm Bill. Just asking to clarify my doubt.
3. The quality of crops by these farmers are pathetic and surplus too , and due to MSPs the government is obliged to buy them 
I'm from a farmer family based in Gujarat.... I was lucky I got a chance to study in Canada and also explore other countries around the world.... Farmers in western countries are making millions and they work through a system that Indian government want's to implement.
Everyone in social media share videos which asks concern for farmers but if government bring laws to change farmers marketing features we protest it 
Instaed of that they have simply pulled it back, that to after sacrifice of nearly 700 farmers.
Thanks for raising voice for Farmers
We must have 42000 mandis but we only have 7000 as of now. Government should work on minimising the effort farmers have to make to sell the produce. They should strengthen the APMC system by linking all of them through e-NAM. Instead of fixing APMC system, they are trying to get out of agriculture.
After great U-turn from Modiji.....reminded me of Gandhiji's famous U turn in Non-Cooperation movement.....Great Modiji....
Farmers are fighting for Country
PS- Unfortunately, More than 150 farmers have died, already. Some committed suicide, some died of cold weather while protesting on out skirts of Delhi.
Thank you Punjab , you have sounded a bell for your entry into poverty . India will have another state competing with Bihar to be a laggard .
INDIAN  POLICE PLZ SUPPORT FARMER.........MODI MURDABAAD
Modi government needs this kind of protest because they ignore Farmers. Ab sab chhanga lag raha hai mujhe. Jai Hind Jai kisan
MSP should be extended for private buyers too, only then a farmer can hope for some profit.
This enactment basically can alter the intended purpose of MSP which is to provide a safety net and can make the MSP as a Price Floor. Such intervention can deleterious for the agricultural sector as putting up a price floor reduces the quantity demanded significantly (the buyers of the produce of the farmers will not be interested to buy at such a high price). Regardless of how much the farmers would like to sell, a lower quantity of the produce will be purchased. This further creates an obligation over the government to purchase all the produce at the MSP price (as the demand is killed by such price floor in place), hence pumping the fiscal deficit. Such move will effectively take away a chunk of total surplus of producers and sellers and will be against the free markets working. 
7:18 That's true and thats the reason why farmers in bihar are in extremely poor condition.
I always support farmers 
These factors will help farmers produce natural crops and will save ecological balance
Nice informative video but left without conclusion? 1. Is the new farm bill better or worse for country? Who will lose, who will gain?  Please add this last part. Thnx.
So in conclusion this protest had nothing to do with farm bills but something that Punjab wants for past several years and that is their own rules and own country? Punjab either needs to learn to reform or India needs to find other channels. Govt should not be forced to pay for poor quality product just because of set minimum. If companies ran the show they wouldve had to do things correctly and thats what these farmers all fear (inability to cut corners).
Goverment decided that only low income farmer get benefit of MSP so poor farmer first get benefit of this.
I always supported "farmers" and I will support " farmers"..that's it..
This law was good was farmers as he said it has nothing to do with msp(means they can sell at msp in the mandi) but everyone wants politics
1)Farmers produce (Trade and commerce) Act - 1. Freedom of choice of sale and purchase - eg. Outside mandis 2. Barrier free inter and intra state trade 3. No need to pay cess and levies 4. Electronic trading - transparency and tine saving 5. Direct trading at farm gate, cold storage, processing units etc 6. Elimination of middlemen 7. Clarification by Govt - MSP system and Mandis will continue 
If farmers stop farming there will food emergency just like in Sri Lanka .V.Bad adminstration by BJP.
Yes: I agree that whole the world is watching this all in the shades of Chinese presence at borders. These farmers are providing bread  and butter to this country of 1.3 billion people. Have mercy on farmers who are out for the last 2 months from  their homes due to some sound reasons.
These are not farmers. These are karyakarta of political party. Most probably BJP karyakarta in the form of farmers. They are decleard farmer are rioters and take physical action against them.
I am big supporter of Modiji's but today I feel that I lost...I am shock with Modiji's decision...I never showed weaker Modiji Like  he look today...I am very disappointed with PM Modi.... This decision provide every anti-india elements like a fuel... Now CAA,and 370 artical 
And there used to be the minimum support price before this law... Opposition is saying that govt will remove the minimum support price and will not be good for farmers..
Don't be violent with farmers.... They are real backbone of the nation.
We need more videos of farmers protest
Appp media vale 1984 dohrana chahte  ho  kisan main kon dikh rha hai khalisthani  zee news chanel juthi news dikhani shorrrh do
SG Sir: you may come with 100 reasons why Modi Govt. lost farm bill battle. Battle is not yet over. Modi govt has taken a step back. Your articulate article is just for the heck of criticising.
Us Delhites love and support our farmers
Proud of them .. They are not Farmers .. They are our Soldiers.. No other state of India can have this kind of courage to Protest ..
Alas, I couldn't find any of my family members in this protest or may be farmers in UP are not getting affected by this bill??
My father a farmer in Mauritius.
Come out,, vote for Nota,, we are students,, we are unemployed,, we are secular,, we are farmer,, Satyamev Jayate,,
Pakistan's and pak army with sikh and farmer also
Today, Farmers are leaving from this place after a year protest.
Farmers 
and mandi in himachle is shut down ... farmers are protesting against adani group ..
Some of the burger,s boys were just so ignorant about the situation and if we just see the demands of the farmers and the behavior of the government tackling the situation in a doubtful manner talking and at the same time propagating confusion in farmers, I think farmers are right and they must block each and every road unless the government listens to their demands
Why Maharashtra farmers did not protest, Anna kuch bhi...
Even at his defeat, he is not accepting that his laws were wrong. Rather he is saying that he was right but farmers couldnt understand him.
Got emotional todaygod help farmers!!
Why can't Amit shah implement Yogi's style and collect losses from people seen on videos. BJP is definitely part of this whole drama. I think Yogi is the only sincere leader left who cares for normal tax paying people of India. Everyone else is trying to appease these non-tax paying freeloader gang of our society.
I think Govt insulted the real Farmers who did not take part in this agitation.
If Government care about their people just they should drop this farm Bill's 
In a crazy democracy of India with election all the year around it is hard work to introduce reforms. I do not think the argument of getting consensus make ANY credible sense as Indian opposition does NOT behave with ANY integrity. Hence it is delusional to talk about consensus when the opposition will do ANYTHING to scuttle.
Thank you so much Lallantop for such amazing and realistic views of the farmers.
It's great news Yogendra Yadavji who is a great intellectual was born on Teacher's Day. He is a soft spoken intellectual who is tirelessly fighting with the protesting farmers against the 3 obnoxious farm laws passed by the central govt.hastily without serious discussion in parliament & without consultations with major farmer unions which is very unfair, irregular & disastrous for the farming community in particular & for the people of the country in general...
I think farmers should make their own party. Instead of relying on Congress or BJP, they must take stronger stance.
My Real shikh brothers will never against the  flag of India, those who did this" deshdrohi kritya  " khalistan supporters jo dusro ke fenke huye faiso par palne wale.
God bless this farmers & social workers'    Village people. Who gives 
This is an inspirational story. I wish those farmers the best.
Well done to all the farmers very emotional time for everyone 
Completely stand with my farmer brothers and sisters!
CONGRESS  PARTY JINDABADD. We are with farmers . Bjp hatao desh bachao
 for poor farmers . Also there should be rules so that Corporate won't exploit farmers.
Anyway last 70 years farmers are in worst financial health, why not to go by new bills ? let's give chance to the new bills
#FarmersProtest #supportfarmers
Otherwise, it is just a stunt by the sanghi capitalist government on Nanak Jayanti for UP and Punjab Elections.
I proud to be Farmer good news to my brothers farmers
Farmers's grievance is still one of burning issue which needs quick redrressal.
Govt should not have closed all the criminal cases against this so called farmers. I guess the centre should not have given up for the elections and vote bank and I doubt this people will support the centre.
SHO empowerment. Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan.Fear of losing election in UP & Punjab  force to withdraw new Farm law. Finally Kisan wins the battle between Democracy Vs Power & Politics.
Fun fact: Opposition protested these farm laws but this govt passed the law unlawfully. Farmers protested for almost whole the year but PM never spoke to them personally. 
After losing by the farmers' movement, the Prime Minister withdrew the agricultural rules but the news reporter is all Modi-loyal so he cannot tell the truth.
What a solidarity that these hands that feed billions have shown! Time for people to learn and stand against the repressive politicians around the world. A massive thank you to every farmer 
It will continue to be a farmers' movement ~ but with a new format i.e. kisaan aandolan 2.0 
Joh bole sonihal sasrikal jai kisan salute to you from america we are with farmer  remove bjp
This is a scene of domestic terrorism and not a Farmers protests. Shame shame shame!!!
Jai farmers Jai congess Jai Ghandhi 
How do u add frp n other stuff in benefit of msp to farmer, the govt is strictly talking bout benefit of msp, n they r worried about smaller farmers, n if u really believe NDTV thats sad
This is the power of Democracy, power of Vote,Salute to beloved Farmers ,my heart felt condolences to bereived families who sacrifice their  life  for the cause of Farmers community particularly and the Nation.
If a common man of india can understand these cons of the bills, i don't understand why the GoI is sleeping
If MSP is legalized, farmers are sure that they will get the assured price, so what if the farmers produce a very low quality product which is no where equal to MSP.... but they get the MSP for that product... Loopholes are everywhere...
Shame on you Modi!! You have yet again compromised on what was to be a progressive step for the opening up and liberalisation of the Indian farmer. The timing stinks of political manoevering. You will certainly lose the respect of many Indians because of this move.
When you don't know difference between a farmer jimidar khalistani terrorists and arhitiyas, then why are you making video on people who are distorting facts. Punjab election are near don't you know. No mention in fact of taking farmer's land. I in himachal do contract farming of apples , my land isn't taken.  Tell me if they really do farming how can they afford Hummer and Audi and Jeep and thar to block roads. And sit all year round on cement houses build on roads don't they need to be in farm's like me.  Maximum amount of money govt spend on farmer's and thier loan maafi. Only Punjab and north up is protesting plus jaat of haryana.
This is NOT farmers' protest.
Respect to father of the  world one&only our farmer
Contact farming exist and it is not viable for a farmer to fight legally, hence are exploited. 
plz tell me 1 thing why police wer using expired tear gas ammunition . the tear gas delhi police throwed on farmer wer made in 2011 and got expired in 2014 but in 2021 it was still being used . no you all wanna kill the farmers or make them blind with expired things .
We stand by farmers demand, their demand needs to be fulfilled at any cost
10:41 , yes police delebrately did not did anything so that they can expose those protesters , so that police can show the intentions of protesters for what they came for , aur jo rakesh tikait hai uss pagal ko media walo se baat karni nahi aati hai , badi batameezi se baat karta hai voh media walo se . Even foreign organisations has also said that these 3 new farm laws will encourage farmers to sell their crops to any body , so were is the loss of farmers here
Congratulations to my all farmer friends!
It is very essential to take strict action against these Dogala hypocrites farmers leaders. Need to give hard kick on their back so that they will forget Dogalapan.
But I  will always support BJP
Where is godi media khalistani
Afsos. Kya hoga india ka if our farmers are denied their rights
Modi's Covid distraction is over, so no need for farm laws.
Farmers should come to court..,.they live with facilittle staying and obstructing public adamantly....bad courts...this kind of protest if followed then Delhi be always see these
Kisaan and Mishra family both are victim of politics. Mishra family is experiencing deep pain so as family of the farmers who have been killed. Violence is violence. All must criticise violence. Be it BJP or any other party.
Heartbreaking news... 8 deaths and several serious injuries have been reported that includes death  of  just 19 and 20 years old boys.. So shame on the people who are  so insensitive  that still saying that it's fault of farmers
#istandwiththepanjabfarmers hope it all works out and gets sorted ASAP!! 
I am an Agriculture Student and MBA agribusiness post graduate well know about these bills are not in long term favour of the  farmers...  This is time educate and aware about the actual problems of agriculture as a practice and also for better education in field of agriculture to involve in this field too
I hope the farmers never vote for this mad man 
Stop giving any help to farmer, they dont pay any taxes.  Look at them,  all their leader look millionnaire
I support farmers first but after they put khalisthan flag in red fort with our national flag, i just hate them..
I am with farmer 
good job farmers, you stood against modis fascism. india will remember your struggle
I didn't knew that khalistanis were farmers!!my bad.
We support the Farmers!
Regardless stubble burning is undeniably profitable for low profit farms but is wrong it shouldn't be done ,obv banning stubble burning will coz problems for some farmers in terms of profit but in the long run more ppl will be harmed from stubble burning and by power of democracy majority must be adhered to not some minority who will be harmed
I urge to all farmers be united.
Even if these laws were brought with intention to improve farming sector, the manner in which it was passed in the parliament n the timing raised doubts. Now the government needs to build trust with the farmers n hopefully bring about some reforms in the near future.
Respected Modiji, you no need to say sorry. You are our PM, our global leader who took India to next level in global scenarios. If few people don't understand even after 2yrs of their benefit on many important things, sometimes it's better leave them to their course.. their karma is their fate... You move on! Thank you for all care and responsibilities you have been handling since 2014..
Very well worded and balanced commentary, India needs a strong central government to manage it's neighborhood and BJP should update it's understanding on how to manage public expectations and domestic politics, diversification of power is essential in the leadership
It is much associated with the upcoming election in Punjab and U.P  if government don't repeal this farm bill there would be chance of securing majority of votes by the government so to secure vote banks i think the government decided to do this
1. Why these were not taken back after 3 meetings with farmers and also arranged 13 seatings with farmers even though it was not taken back.
Police ,Godi Media (Zee News, ABP network,India Today news network ,etc)  should be shameful on their works who are tring to stop this Farmer's protest in a wrong way and tring to change people's mind. Think for a moment, you are tring to suppress the farmer's protest who is growing meal for our country. At least don't support the government in this serious matter. 
Taliban & Pakistan Shares Same Ideology & Mentality....
Don't underestimate the power of a common man. Congratulations to our elder farmers.  But the fight is not over yet because the new policy and undergoing process is not complete yet. The sentiments and the lose of person, can never be replaced by money...I hope this blind and arrogant bjp government will learn some good lessons in this upcoming election..  in the conclusion, " seek the truth, vote for the right and make the future bright "
Farmers are so innocent  they can't understand but the politicians are using them 
Leaving behind Jinaa Mughal  matter behind bjp must think to provide jobs to Youths, resolve farmers issues, must maintain peace and harmony amongst the communities. Jai Hind Jai Bharat.
In Sha Allah the punjabi community and the farming community will win this protest, the backbone of all developing countries are farming and government who try to destroy it should be tried for treason.
Indian politics is worse than any country     .. see this disgusting opposition       ...    It's not Farmars win it's sellers and middleman win.   Again farmers lost in battle
Thank you so much #Samdish... You explained farmer's act in such a common language.
Now it's very clear why the major protest is from Punjab and Haryana.
He never did it for elections and he will never do it for election.If you listened him and quoted -laws was for farmer and  I will taking back for our whole country ....this is difference
We should take inspiration from farmers and be prepared for 2023 polls...lets show what happens when you try do jhumla with public..
Although there are new enough left MPs to break section 144 we are all socialist & leftist at heart. May it be farmers, private company workers, business men, consumer etc we are all against reforms & changes. Plus the moment a crisis hits us we turn to government.
No matter what happens donot take those laws back we from farmers of South India and east india have fought for this laws for years.
This video started explaining about farm bill, But ended explaining how powerful central government is and its supremacy  over federation. This video says supreme court is good for nothing. It says central government favours only some states and it can go to any extent to curb federal powers of its non ruling states.
Just shameful how does the police man sleep at night after what he did to an old person ...sad how Low the Govt is falling and using organs of state to destroy highways, creating hatred and spread terror but farmers are United & the country is with them
Shame shame modi shame on you .... Love you sikh veerz ... Love from pakistan
Shame on bjp government.. I love kishan
Exactly...farmers r not fools to sabotage their own movement.
Witness who was given to police custody was later found dead and farmers are being blamed for it ! Who eliminated the key witness ?
Very imature and just conveyed what she read from books, whatever exploitation happened on APMC will get implies in future by private market or corporate,  either way farmer is not beneficiary
It should be farmers wish if they want to sell in Mandi or somewhere else.
Uneducated farmers, this people are protesting against new farm law which can make the farmers life more better, so sad
Instead of a loan waiver, fund the training of farmers using new technologies and fund new machinery for them. Those that dont need to farm anymore can be upskilled through government funded programs or a one time off grant.
This farmer are so scared .they know if they will march to sandad bhavan then what if
These are not real farmers.  99% of the Indians know that these are sponsored agitators.  In the laws that Modi declared, there is nothing that hurts farmers.  Anyone with a little brain would know this.  It's that simple.
MP, UP & RAJASTHAN are also joining PUNJAB &  HARYANA. Punjab started it and they all gonna end it up. 
YES DHRV YOU ARE RIGHT THAT WE SHOULD PURCHASE FROM FARMERS.
Basmati rice 1121 is being sold by the farmers at Rs 38 per 1 Kg. My friend works at a trading company. He is making bills of selling that same basmati 1121 at Rs 80 per 1 Kg. And this is without any processing. THe people who auctions in APMC mandies and those who take the crop to the processing mills are the real culprits. Strict rules on how much profit can the sellers make on the crops are necessary.
Manjit Singh, I challenge you to wear a khakhi Nikkar and enter in the jurisdiction of Punjab if you support RSS. You are a black spot on punjabi's and Punjab. I just want to remind and ask you to understand these words 'Chamcha', 'Gaddar' and then you will never support BJP.
Anyway this repeal took too long due to political interference from Khalistani's, same Tikait had praised the new laws in beginning and opposition supporting strike for it was their manifesto idea, but BJP took credit, so must be opposed thus meaning their manifesto idea had today FAILED by the repeal. It is easy to blame Modi, isn't it?
It's ok If you can't support them but please respect them, they're farmer's not terrorist.indian media telling lies.
Im with farmers
Please talk about the overwhelming suicide of Farmers before the introduction of Farm Laws which was drastically reduced showing that Farmers have really benefited from the Farm Laws it is a great Loss to the  Nation and the Farmers Soon everyone will realise the benefit of Farm Laws
I heard Modi's speech on Radio today. And he said how "kuch log" are "misleading" farmers. And I was like bro what??? Do you think they are 5 years old jo koi bhi Lollipop dikha  k unhe mislead kar dega.
Haryana farmers must protest against this Modi Government.. TAMILNADU will always support honest Haryana farmers to uphold truth and justice. At the same time Haryana farmers must take care of themselves against covid pandemic.
Don't worry Rakesh ticket yogi Ji Modi ji BJP 300 plus plus plus
I think Abhijit has lost his ability to analyse the situation properly.  The stakes here is the Nation with some large western countries supporting these anti nationals in India.  Problem is the majority who voted for BJP are not willing to come out on the streets and protest in support of the goverment!!! Abhijit honestly is not in touch with the ground reality.
_What a shame Modi & andhbhakts used to call them atankwaadi, andolanjeevi under the influence of godi media without any of them actually visiting the protest site_
New farm bills are more vulnerable to monopoly. Atleast when you know that there is no limit on hoarding when there should be. Also like you said that the products are perishable in nature. Hoarding only helps them exploit the producers/farmers even more. For eg a product with MSP of Rs 100 for once is purchased at Rs 120 resulting in maximum produce and sale, let's say twice the actual demand. The remaining produce can be hoarded and in the next season, traders/buyers can either refuse to buy newer products or ask them farmers to sell the same products at a half price. Because of their perishable nature, farmers wouldn't have other options but to agree. Also the potential players will be very limited and an open market saying is just a gimmick because in the beginning, the products will be purchased at lucrative prices which have never been offered earlier, at prices which cannot be paid by others, even with taking huge losses on the account of buyers, to kill a potential competition like it happened in the case of Jio. Even Idea and Vodafone failed to survive. Which other buyer can take losses as much as Adani in the agriculture sector? Anyone? And then when the competition is dead, there's no MSP to protect farmer's interests, mandis will close down eventually as they'd largely remain non-functional because of a better deal from the Pvt buyers in the beginning like it happened with BSNL. We already have seen such market disasters in the recent times, don't we learn anything from it? How can farmers survive an exploitative monopoly which even Idea and Vodafone couldn't survive? APMCs are atleast in the interest of farmers, New farm bills actually make the producers/farmers most vulnerable. In APMCs, traders license is given to those who are close to state Govts and the Govts keep changing thus keeping the cycle running. Open markets with no law for MSP, unlimited hoarding and with giants like Adani it's just delusional to expect a fair business taking place even in an open market. This monopoly is worse by a 100 miles when compared to the conventional system of APMCs.
We all know that he doesn't deserve to be the PM of this country where the poor farmers are beaten up for their deserving rights. When we know everything then why BJP wins the election?
This bill is good but there's a catch which is need to be fixed by the government that the msp should be the minimum selling price in every sector.
Love from Assam . We stand together shoulder to shoulder against this anti - farmer , anti - Indigenous peoples Government . Proud to be from the same country as our Punjabi Brothers and sisters.
Pls stay safe and keep fighting for your life. Chinese stand with Indian farmers
Give India to Punjabi people, they will make it California in 3 years..
What a shame BJP IS SUPPORTING  THE CRIMINAL WHY IS NOT MAKE THE S.H.M NOT RESIGNING.EVERYONE SHOULD SUPPORT  FOR THE FARMERS
Why NDTV SAYS EX-CONGRESS MP IS NDTV JOINING GODI MEDIA FIRST TIME I AM ASHAMED OF NDTV
please use accurate person name insist of "farmer".
Farmers of Punjab, haryana are also rich and pay zero tax
Love you Farmer's 
Feel the pain of farmers faimly600+ died still counting
When idiots like Sudhir Tihari call our food givers as illiterate, drag those Tihari to the roads and beat them farmers. Show them the strength is in unity, and not in literacy. A farmer has much knowledge about skill, pesticides, fertilizers than an agriculture student
Negative & hate speech by rakesh tikait are total anti india...
I STILL  WANT  GOVT TO TALK  AND SOLVE PROBLEMS  OF FARMERS...
Hope that god gives strength to govt to stay on it's stand and patience to farmers to listen and analyze the choices they are making
Its not called repealed.... Its called surrender..... Surrender like Imran khan.....It gives a message that Modi is a weak leader just like Imran khan...... Very disappointed by Modi..... 
6:40 relation between farmer and arhtiya
The laws  were good for the farmers. It's sad that they had to be repealed in the larger interest of the nation.
Long live THE INDIA, Long live THE DEMOCRACY, Long live THE FREEDOM, Long live THE DIVERSITY, Long live THE PEOPLE , Long live THE SOLDIERS & Long live THE FARMERS..JAY HO JAY HO JAY HO.
Its nice to see what my fellow Indians think. Unfortunately it doesnt matter. Modi does not care. Its Farmers today, will be Citizens tomorrow. Its just a matter of time.
Farmer  give coll yesterday Why people move out
These are few amongst millions of Indians who are supporting the farmers agitation cos the black farm bills are against the interest of the citizens and not against the farmers alone.
Wouldnt it be fair to replace with a credit system backed by banks and corporations, that will not be in a position to harass farmers at an individual level.
Last year it was CAA NRC this years Farmers protest, and the best coverage is done by you guys
Rakesh Tikaitji  put down your cap. Be ready to go to the jail forever .
Thank you very much sir for raising this issue,i'm also from farmer's family.All farmers of my haryana are opposing this bill
3) If any Private company tries to BACKOUT from the promised price then need to frame laws to suspend their functioning license. Such that way strict laws will PROTECT our hardworking farmer community.
Suffer : General public , India's Image,  Real kisaan
Sir, you say 47% are landless farmers or say employees/coolies. If govt arranges facilities for the other 53% to have deal with private fund walas, they will bring new farming techniques and improve production, no doubt. Farmers with land benefits; no doubt. But about the landless farmers? If the private firms applies techniques and machines from sowing to harvesting, what will happen to the 47% farmers who have no land. If the manual labour removed with the help of machines, what alternative the govt has for the farm labourers?
BJP Propaganda : "Kangana's Office, SSR death, and Hindu Khatre may hay (During Election)"
Haha noice chinese propaganda no one was killed in the event or seriously injured as Delhi police were instructed not to use excessive force since it would become big news you can see in many videos police vehicles being beaten Together with the cops and they surrenderd to farmers
Best video on this issue. Agriculture does need a lot of reforms but with a close watch by the regulators or government. Otherwise corporates can easily exploit farmers. We have seen it in case of Ola/Uber or Jio. Hopefully the government and the farmers watch this and settle this issue for the good of all.
Farmers are protesting against this bills for last 2 months but GODI MEDIA didn't cover this
      So  that a new party namely All India Kissan-Mazdoor Party should be made by Agriculture people for flushing out corporated  based politicians by democratic votes.
Excellent points raised by shambhu after repealing the non white farm laws
Farmers should stop producing agriculture products ,,india will thrive and then government will realise .
I support Farmers Not government
Evil ....God help your farmers 
Time for many other organizations to take a side - farmer's or the govt's to have some decisive  end to these protests.
Good explained of kisan bill arbaz bhai
Even after 70 yrs our farmers are poor n downtrodden n being exploited... Still nobody feels any change in system is not required
I am with the farmers in spirit.  When I see their faces my heart goes out to them. And truly this is about more even than the farmers.  Farmers are the backbone of any country. We need to make a stand for the common people.  The suffering of our Brothers is not separate from us. God Bless them and God Bless us All.  May we all prosper and have a right to live our lives with dignity. The lock downs are not achieving anything but creating great suffering and poverty.
Do these new laws open up the farmers to the international market? What impact will that have on the Indian consumer as the international market may have a greater buying power?
I support Farmers 
But sir  how is this discrediting when barkha's main intension was to clear his image from khalistani sympathizer but he himself fell on it. She herself said it will hurt the farmers agenda. She as a journalist did what was apt for the situation i think.
If the broker tikait is farmer how m
In the comments section majority is supporting the bill. Why does media and opposition show other way ?
jai bjp jai modi ji it was drama for anti BJP party s it was truli help full formers
Supreme Court should intervene like how they are doing on other matters prosecute all these farmer goons for spreading the pandemic in public interest Supreme Court should pass orders
Always Support a Farmer!
I supported farm Laws form the beginning , perhaps this is the biggest let down for Modi govt .
We BJP supporters must realize that this was more of a national/internal security issue than political. Although this move is bad for the nation's progress, lets just back modi for now.
They are not real farmers, police and farmers are innocent
Panni to appne dusmano ko bhi pelane ki parampara hamarey desh me sadhyon purani hai yeh govt isko kaun undekha ker tahi hai. Shameful act  and atrocities on humanity farmers included. JAI KISAN JAI JAWAN .
Great Dr Manish Kumar spoken so good on farmers. It's clear doubts of every one pl
Long live the farmers 
Then when will we speak. When will we stand for our own brothers. It isnt sufficient to just say_ Jai jawan jai Kisan_ ,motivate others and yourselves to stand to farmers .
Now the farmers bill must be implemented.. This incident proves that government is not wrong. The so called farmers doing it for their own dignity not for all Indians.
Modi reform was required as they system was creating debt for the farmers.
& its clearly undemocratic & I support farmers jai hind
Hiting on the fcking head with sticks they are farmers really?
Modiji is #Sigma Male, Super Leader, Legendary, Devotee of the Nation #Bharat 
The whole protest began as a farmers' movement but it gradually became an ego(political) war due to the egoistic attitude of some.
They are clearly defying farm laws and in the video none of them including elderlies are wearing masks..i m in support of protest but covid protocol especially in these times should have been followed.
3.  In 2019 farmers can't sell their produced rice/wheat/vegetables etc out side of
Tikayat sir, you are absolutely in genuine way. You are in strong enough to lead the farmers of our nation. Thanks. We are with you.
Its humble request from me that all the people who support farmer protest should  join the kisan ekta morcha official page on every platform like twitter, YouTube, facebook... 
Liberal policies are need of the hour for farmers.  Period.
Modi HAS shown his true colors and His DAYS are numbered.  No food should be served to all BJP people for as long as they will not repeal the laws! Let's see the impact on them!
Would that they come up with a new fredom movement along with kisan dushman bill but poor Kisan can't bell the cat that easily..  No offense.. Btw  4m
Yogi ji will chase everyone of the guilty and bring them to justice.. Yogi ji we trust you.. Fortunately or unfortunately this happened in UP. We know what will happen now..
What has happened is bad for farmers with the changing weather patterns. Farming sector is going to bleed through their noses. Any ways we are importing all the pulses from Canada and cooking oil from Malaysia and Indonesia. If government opens up Australian imports of dairy and meat . Indian farmers will understand the importance of these 3 laws
Mr Gupta seems to be really worried abt the future of farm bills which he supports thinks is in National Interest and his beloved home state Punjab which is opposing it.
finally vice on #FarmersProtests.
spoken like a true novice. The farmer issue is all about self interest of some people and political parties. If it was about the good of farmers the issue would have been buried.
Shekhar ji. I believe we need another ctc to explain why Punjab and Haryana farmers are protesting new Farm bills and who is right and wrong and why. On paper farm bills appears right for farmer but we cannot ignore mass protest as case of mass hysteria. There are few arguments from opposing side we cannot ignore. Matter is not too trivial for large North Indian community. We need to cut the clutter and come out clean on what is right and wrong with opposition of these bills. Rest of the media is too busy being influenced by either side.
repeal law farms. 
You sometimes have to lose a battle to win a war. Let's wait and watch instead of disparaging modiji.
That person killed to farmers , don't think any way to let him of farmers killer .  On the spot shoot them . We all indian peoples  stand with farmers . Farmers our lives without farmers we can't go any step . Without food we can't working for 1 hour . All should to respective them of farmers .  Farmers life is valuable than BJP antisocial Criminal .
The power of the common man.the power of farmer brothers and sisters!
These laws will make us slaves of ambani adani and new laws modi is making to make monopoly in businesses. Read farm law, read new working employment u will understand everything.
The farmers need their voices to be heard and if they were doing peaceful protest it wouldnt get media coverage to be honest
Tikait is so cunning and ganwar man that he is shining and.politisizinng the matter to win election. Nothing factual content or reply he.has.
Literally crying , Lallantop you are the real media, God bless you
3. BJP did not have enough numbers to pass the bill so it rushed it in an undemocratic way.
The slogan of allh hu Akbar mar mar mahadev touch my heart. May God bless all the farmers.
Decent Video. Would've appreciated it more if you had covered the so called "India against propoganda"  tweets of Indian celebrities, if you had covered how Right Wing are calling the entire protest as a Khalistani Protest from day one, how indipendent journalist are getting jailed for being unbiased.
There  is no connection between farmers protest and the action of the Nihangs on the matter of the Guru Granth Sahib.
Except for the farmers( Mandi cartel and anti social elements in the disguise of farmers) every other farmer in the country are for the law. Really farmers were started reaping the benefits whereas Mandi middlemen are the affected ones .
These are not farmers at all...
Pranam to Sir .. Farm laws repealed today ... .how to look at this condition.. good or bad ?  Please make sense of it for us .. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE .. Humble request ... today is 19/11/2021
He says there are a thousand ways to get our rights but when the farmer said just tell me two ways to place our point .The policeman had no answer.........
Support farmers shame on you Indian government
Its a loss for the FARMERS
Sir you are just great , your explanation was on point and I would say completely unbiased . So all this sums up to the fact that farm bills aren't that bad but the government needs to make aware the farmers of their rights . 
Base year for that data was 2012-13, and your base year is 2018-19,so obviously purchasing has increased,but you olny produced total procuring data but how many number of farmers sold this at msp that you didnt produce....your research is bit biased i think..
Ab tak mai kisan andolan support nahi jar raha tha but these sikh farmer uncles motivates me am in tears how they are struggling now am with u
What a victory... Kisan Zindabad
Sabse bdi machine (Tractor) or Sabse bda hathiyar vo khud or uska lath jb dono sath ho to kuch b kr skte h ...Kisan Ekta jindabad ..salute to our farmers
Thanks @DhruvRathee for the video , however  i feel the argument given regarding the  American corn Farmer by Devinder Sharma may not a right justification.  i think  the protest should be more about maintaining an even battle between the corporates and not letting  90% of agriculture fall into hands of Adani , Ambani , rather than rubbishing the bills.
At 28 minutes this news reporter suddenly changed his type of reporting once a few farmers came & stood near him . Gutless & deceptive reporting .
Those laws were to give freedom specially to the small farmers who couldn't get a chance to sell at their nearest mandi. The big farm owners used to exploit them by buying at law price and selling in mandi at high price. The poor farmers trapped in this protest and again lost its war of freedom and development.
Only Punjab, Haryana and western UP have MSP thats the reason they are protesting. 
Good explanation, govt is right and support new farm bill
Hi Dhiru, I am MODI supporter however I like your vedio.
M praying god      This should go smoothly.    No farmers should struggle
All activities would be commercial and Farmers would be able to earn maximum depending on demand and supply 
Sir...you didn't consider Bihar farmers are selling their lands and going to punjab haryana and doing  labor farming.
apmcs collect tax from farmers which goes to state govt which it then uses to give free water, electricity and get votes. govt has also cleared that farmers can go to civil courts.
Shameful act by the Indian BJP Government to beat up farmers who are protesting peacefully against 3 anti farmer Ardinees/bills which government passed during covid-19 lockdown forcefully to benefit the private corporates only.
Dubey tum toh doobe...go n do reprting from farmers side...
Punjabis protested,  they are called Khalistanis.
You will get your answers. India is changing and change needs reforms.. pseudo farmers
What you have done for farmers
Jo logh bolte hai ke yehh congress supported hai andolan... I want to tell you that kal kisaano ne kal congress ke mp bittu  ko dhoh daala
Iss desh me reform lana kafi muskil h. Well wishes for farmers.
If you really want to help farmers just bring a law and make MSP mandatory for everyone.  Then bring whoever private player you want.
Here are just a few of the farmersthat are not less in  number but as compared to the overall number of farmers in India these are few farmers from all over India...
Other states did not get the opportunities as Punjab and Haryana  but time has changed and   all other states can produce as much as  the states like Punjab and Haryana. As there are no opportunity for marketing, the farmers don't want to produce as they want. Contract farming is a good suggestion.  Inter state businesses will give the farmers a great opportunity .
Now Tikait should say sorry for the death of 700 farmers on whose dead body he has gained his political mileage.
Response to this agitation has always been dismal. All knew that this is a politically motivated fake agitation. All knew that this was a threat to national security too. But Modi was informed about it not by the national security agencies that looked so incompetent but by Amrindar Singh's file. Modi let these guys go to the heart of the nation and insult the national flag. Because it was politically motivated the movement hasn't died down. Here protest is much more important than the welfare of farmers. A brand is already formed. It will be kept alive by other flimsy demands. 
Farmers can not go to courts. They will go to SDM and DC.
Even after proof that the farmer laws are accepted by most farmers in India (except for Punjab, Haryana and western UP), as the laws benefit all farmers except agents and middle men, MSP and APMC still there in writing even, and the govt is willing to go "line by line" the laws which have been stopped for a period of 18 months to 24 months, these kisans still protest. They listen to foreign and local anti India forces and arecwilling to humilliate the country that has given them so much. Sad that many of these people are so easily manipulated.
Thanks to all those supported farmers protest
Now ,farmers have a responsibility of not betraying those common people who have supported them by not voting for BJP.
This sad that government have to take good bill. For few farmers.
As a small farmer in UP I am still waiting for selling my agricultural produce in a market driven economy like industrial products !! Has any state an ideal system for agricultural production & marketing which may be adopted by all states in agricultural sector which still employs maximum manpower !!
Hopefully, the BJP IT cell warriors will still get their 2 rupees wage for all the trash and nonsense they said about the farmers and their demands all along...
The threat of farmers are true.
India needs those farm laws 
More than 70% of people are against these Laws.. Media is owned by government that's why reality is not shown to world . people say that only 10% farmers of India are protesting.. These 10% produce more than 60% of india wheat and rice..
I trust those farmers will win. Do not harm the police, make your politicians accountable.
Last Delhi election mai AAP ka nara tha  'Modi for PM and Kajriwal for CM.' Election CM ka tha toh PM ka naam kyu?
According to a report 48% farmers dont want their future generation to be farmers as it is not profitable.moreover every year Farming lands are getting smaller and smaller as farmers have more children than they have much farming lands.
Support  for Kiwan's (Farmer  )
They are not Farmers they are gunde 
Those who support/oppose  these bills plz give your review. (In short)
Entire India has agricultural and farmers but none of the state farmers have any problem except these congress backed Khalistani members.
The cries of Godi Media can be heard across the world. Fantastic tea!!!
and they are part of congress , bjp, ncf parties 2019 election manifesto.
As per the 3 farm laws, the ultimate administrative authority to listen farmers complaints is the SDM ... Now you know and crystal clear what the SDM s will do to please their political and corporate masters ... 
 However the govt can't make a law beneficial to our food producers and FARMERS!!! 
Ravish ji.. there is something called foreign policy. Taliban's are declared as terrorists group very long back. There is something called time and context for enmity. 
Rakesh tiket chor hai
Every body listern actual situation of India is very critical...modiji tried to sale whole country to reliance... please support our poor farmers
Are all farmers in india sikh??
I'm more in the grey for this particular issue and I certainly believe that the law isn't wrong. If a marginal farmer has remained marginal, despite several decades then something is definitely not working and needs to be changed. Having said that, the government needs to explicitly mention some special provisions for Haryana, Punjab and UP Or the states that witness a procurement of rice and wheat at MSP of over 70% so that we can balance the issue of 'correct price' but also put an end to the trader nexus
Thirdly, it is very easy to manipulate prices for Pvt players once the essential commodities act was passed and when APMCs  are closed the assured msp will also not be available
As per my personal knowledge, the farmers bills are most useful for the real farmers, but not for brokers.... unfortunately, the farmers are misleaded about this bills.
Go Yogi ji go. Kick out taliban support ers. Even tho I don't support BJP, I support this
Waste BJP and Modi
Since this bill came farmers loose everything. This bill against farmers and good for big Bussiness.
big win for the farmers
Crux is simple,punjab nd haryana for too long have been given long rope by the successive governments in the form of buying almost whole of their produce,at the same time putting other regions at disadvantage...
After watching this, I finally understand why the farmers are protesting. Thanks vox.
Jai shree ram  all hindu should support bjp
1. Do you know how much % of farmers in India benefitted by MSP? 
Bjp must face the farmers
How can we expect a govt to consult the farmers when it didnt even properly consult its own upper house, rajya sabha? The way these bills were passed was enough to raise suspicion,  and that's before one reads the content!
Soon new bill of good motive will be passed for farmers.
P.S:  *But jokes apart, Strong Support for Farmers, let's remember without food no one can live, farmers are the ones who make the crops grow*  #MassiveRespectnSupport 
The farmers were asking for their rights. Why were they hit so badly ? 
It is anti BJP andolan. Majority of the farmers are not with this Tikait drama. 
I don't understand why the SUV's run over the farmers .... At the end they pay the price...RIP for the people's who died 
Looking at developments in recent years in India I fear our country is going in the same direction as Pakistan took in 80s.
Red fort is there b'coz of them then why should they not celebrate jay Javan jay kisan,why government not changed rules on farmers?? How more time they should wait more?
Salute to all the farmers
While the farmers fears are legit, why fear about something that hasn't happened yet? How do they know for certain that the pvt companies will exploit them when the bill hasn't even been put to practice 
I guess opposition leaders don't care about the SUV passengers who were killed. They are trying to make this law and order issue as oppression of farmers by the ruling party.
Farmers have won. But what about the people who has lost their livelihood because of these farmers protest at boarder
Sir your last sentence of this video is enough to understand whole matter that  election are near and government have no option to agree with kisan    thanks god for sadbudhi
One solution for farmers: become capitalists
Farmers are first priority over anything #shame on Government & #Police
Hum hmesha mud farmers hi rhenge.....kyunki bicholiye reform ni chahte farm laws mein.......hum kbhi bhi suit case farmers ni bn payenge......
Kindly tell us about how to develop storage system of Agriculture products and why farmers cannot hold the  storage house in there area.
In india Democracy looks nice only in books. True thing is that who's ever makes government always use security forces according to there will. If the farmers are marching towards Delhi peacefully then why the government is stopping them.
Farmers 
What farmers? Why are you still calling them farmers? This is a anti farmer movement...calling these people farmers is insulting real farmers
Feku want to apologise now but how about the farmers who died during the protest.
Land ceiling act is useful. You did not talk of any farm Bill's other than short 1 min in the end. Here matter is visible flaws in farm Bills that will increase the exploitation from an already exploitative previous APMC bill etc. We need to reduce that exploitation and not make it legal like through the new farm Bills by Corporations.
I AM WITH YOU ALL FARMERS.
This is hilarious, truth as evident as a day of light was not convincing for anyone in the Farmer community.
Students sucide kr rhe h farmers sucide kr rhe h
First these so called farmers  should be asked to pay 1000 crore rupees for the loss of rconomy due to dharna pradarshana at different borders
proud of our farmers
Journalists are asking questions like a lawyer #GodiMedia
I love Indian farmers!
I'm from Bihar State of India where first these three laws introduced and Yes Farmers and agricultural of State hitted hard! Our farmers Suffering !
And govt. will not withdraw 3 farmers law.... Burn
If Modi govt likes farmers so much our Amarvathi farmers are protesting for the past 2 years, why did repeal the good farm bills, just for Punjab elections?  Modi bent his head for the first time.
I feel ashamed by watching our farmers condition
It is not good for the nation where farmers are on the roads
currently am a CA aspirant, generally i am short of time to complete my classes but i thought as a citizen of india i should see this vedio, 
My opinion  is that we need to consolidate the national agenda. Enormously military capabilities are being developed by china. Even the Americans have been pushed to the 2nd position with respect to the quad defense capabilities. China is also the richest nation now. Punjab is too  precious to let farm laws divide it. Let us consolidate to face the Chinese might. Let us move forward.
These are only north eastern Indian farmers.. this bill was formed for the benifit of all farmers.. but it will inversely effect them.. that's why they r revolting
Cleverly avoids mentioning that Govt can also import at lower prices if needed. Govt action is not limited to banning exports alone. If govt allows imports of cheaper onions the same taklu will cry govt is hurting farmers. there has to be a balance between farmers' and consumers' interests.
Farmer Potato: Rs.5 per kg
i was angry on why Vice haven't uploaded any video on Farmers protest. 
Can somebody explain me why a German media house is concerned about Indian politics?
 If you want to understand farmers issue just Do one thing spend 1 Complete year in farming. Farmers are one of the most vulnerable section of society. 
One of the solution can be to make small farmers into cooperatives which can be done district/village wise so that the big industries can buy produce from them in large quantities ...both the parties will benifit from this
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. Those who promote violence they just want harm for us tax payers and our fellow farmers. First time I'm seeing so many dislikes on a video from this channel. Gushey ko thaand rakhiye 
I don't think this govt. has learned the lesson and the actual loss is not of the govt. but the people, not just the farmers. Now how long will it take for someone else to talk about these reforms again? Politics overrides national interest.
Hail Farmers
Indian government must listen to farmers and ensure justice. What's going on is surely against democracy.
Canada leader is great he supports farmers
There is an India represented by Tamil Nadu, and another by Bihar. They are far apart on human development, but both belong to the same India on electricity and drinking water.The fifth National Family Health Surveys findings make it clear yet again that there are indeed two Indias, as the comedian Vir Das has said in his own way. The India represented by Tamil Nadu has less than a third of the diarrhoea cases reported from the India represented by Bihar. It also has only 40 per cent of the infant mortality rate, and 60 per cent of the fertility rate. The obverse is that Bihar has only two-thirds of Tamil Nadus ratio for literate women, or doctors per 1,000 population, but a 50 per cent higher ratio of stunted and wasted children.
This is not only about farm bills now, just look how govt. is not ready to withdraw the bills when such a huge number of population is not agree with the laws. It is happening with farmers today  but in future it can also happen with other people or community. Modi sarkar is busy with events, elections and the people who elected him as PM are on roads.
Simple example we can take from the local vegetables market vendors as farmers and common public as private company. When we see the quality doesn't match with the price we refuse to buy but if quality is good than we ready to buy at higher prices, I think the main fear is the producing quality crop.
Why media keeps on  sustaining Mr Sitaram Yechuri,Mr Daniel Raja by undeserved publicity ? Do they represent the people ? How many elections have they won ?
Everyone should support farmers unconditionally. Farmers work relentlessly and produce so that over 1.2 billion Indians can eat.
you should also make this video in hindi as if you want to reach the farmers and educate them about these fears you have to talk to them in their own language and most of the farmers are uneducated so i request you to please make it in hindi
Meanwhile in Nepal the sugarcane farmers do peaceful protests and get ignored...but when a political faction wants something for themselves the politicians themselves protest In the streets...
Well said & covered. Though he missed one another point. As per Indian Constitution, Farming & Agriculture are State list things  where only states should make laws for them. Its not under central govt.  As an example, Its like an Olympics association body making new rules for cricket which all cricket games will be forced to follow in future... When Cricket is not even part of Olympics or under their jurisdiction, and its governed by ICC not Oylpics association. "Akhey tu kaun? Mai khaa-mkaaah"
WE SUPPORT OUR PM..LONG LIVE INDIA..
Why were you people rushing you should have let Mr Rakesh Tikait speak more.
It has been a victory of farmers against a concerted campaign to smear them as the anti-nationals. It has been wrested by the farmers, not awarded in grace by Mr. Modi. The electoral compulsions compelled him. We all see through this. This will not work for Modi.
These laws are repealed because elections are coming in Haryana, punjab, Uttarakhand etc
Farmers are the backbone of the country , keep going and no one can stop you for your rights , the three farm laws of modi and bjp should be repeals , otherwise protesting will be never end, even after the death of modi ,another Bhagat Singh will arise from Punjab , to repeals the farm laws of modi .
So basically you are worried about Monopoly in this sector, well we already have laws for that. If a corporation starts exploiting of the farmers or consumers then both will shift to another company. Market competition needs to be maintained and that is where govt steps in. Ask yourself, why is internet in India so cheap?? It's because of market competition, and buddy it works wonders.
Farmers are the backbone of India and now it's time show solidarity for them.
The farmers pelted stones on car and everybody inside the car was beaten to death by this peaceful protestors just because the people inside belongs to BJP....Shame
Why are you  fighting for your rights. You have to take it. Because you are the real rules of the country and world.Theese national parties won't  understand your feelings. Start a new national party to represent all the farmers of the country. We will support you. You are the most  eligible people to create green  India.
When we say government should increase MSP of other crops then there comes a political baggae that government should increase the MSP which is feeding most of the farmers, rather than those which are niche...
Justice for farmers
Crop diversification  will be enhanced. Given today farmers are forced to produce rice and wheat which are procured through MSP mechanism. Other crops didn't have this facility.
It is the duty of every true & desh bhakt citizen to support the Farmers protest,
In my opinion,  The call for Tractor prade of 26 January is worng, because SKM is inexperienced and also they didn't know how to handle huge amount of farmers and tractors. We all know they have failed to manage farmers. 
GIRGIT HAS CHANGED THE COLOR. HE KNOWS WHEN N WHERE TO SAY SORRY, WHEN TO CRY. JUMLEBAAZ PM NEVER BE TRUST WORTHY N LOYAL TO FARMERS EXCEPT AMBANI ADANI..
Democracy for the people. By the people..   jai kisan ..( A farmer)..
what a  liar!see his video on brut india...he supported the bill earlier..he is playing with people..
70% India's population are farmers only few paid thousands are protesting let them like shaeen bagh this protest politics doesn't work in India.
PM Modi is initiating the game of Tug of War between the Farm laws Supporters and Farm Laws Opposers. Since it hasn't been repealed fully , The Modi led Government shall go whose side wins the game of Tug of War on Farm Laws in the coming time. This issue is in Supreme Court. Modiji is very clever. I respect your decision . If these farm laws are good then Supporters of these farm laws should start agitation against Government s desicion to repeal it back.
Just mention "India" and BOOM, you'll see all 1.3 billion Indians in the comments section . I'm Indian too
Thank You for standing with Indian Farmers. They definitely need more positive coverage from celebrities like you. Since November over 200 plus Farmers died sitting in cold protesting peacefully. Not a single word from the Indian Prime Minister about the lives lost at the protest.
Majority people of Afghanistan support Taliban. So let's stop crying about it and let it be.
Farmers have become Deshdrohis and RSS have become Deshbhakts....issse bada Joke to Maine nahi suna..
Rakesh Tikait says so simply and straightforward about the situation
No farmers no food 
I saw every old people understanding the situation better in the video and the difficulties of farmers
She is just opposite to what Godi Media reporters act like .... She is just reporting the facts not acting like others 
Appreciate your coverage but I think you are leaving out some of the points being brought out by people like P. Sainath who have a lot of exposure to the problems of the farmers on the ground. For fair coverage you should include his perspectives in your analysis as well.
So sad .!! Central Govt was forced for few punjab farmers .?? Could have  adjusted laws to some extent. Than repealing
Pakistan is transferring money to Canadian Khalistani organization and where they both collect money and transfer in india for protest as well as in india, money is collected from opposition party, middleman,anti aliment muslim, khalistani sikh.
Farmers would get abundance of opportunity
I thought the farm laws will benefit our farmers save them from the exploitation of middle men their dominating mandi system....i don't know how minimum support price can harm them...many a time we have seen farmers crushing tomatos...spilling milk bcz they didn't get msp...now what is their objective i can't understand.
1.There is no legality for minimum support price 
I was always with farmers
Around the globe everybody is watching Indian Government's behaviour towards farmers .
 Don't allow these  Ambanis and Adanis or whomever you hate, to enter punjab. Even if they come, don't do business with them. I mean the farmers of Punjab are so united, (we all see that daily) if farmers decide that no matter what happens, under no circumstances are we going to deal with Private players, then to sab waise hi chalega jaisa chal raha hai na. 
Learn.... This is how to suppress any protest. Well done Modi ji.
Congratulations to Indian farmers
The MSP will remain In APMC. Even after these laws, farmers still can sell their produce to these mandis.. So why the mandis will be shut down. There are only 23 crops which come under MSP.. Wht about the other crops.. That's why you don't see protest anywhere else.. People who don't want to enter contract farming can sell these to APMC.. So what's the fuzz...
Hence Rahul removed Captain Amarinder and forced him to leave the party and then negotiate with PM to withdraw 3 laws to pave way to BJP win Punjab elections ?
Those farmers who want those 3 Bill's should start protest now. 
I supported our farmers till yesterday but. 
Why don't they just let the states choose if they want to implement these laws or not. If they work, maybe Punjab farmers will also join.
Bro..farmers from tamil nadu will also join in these protest in a few days
Guess Shri Iyer could not see the elephant in the room - after 15 months and all kinds of efforts what else was left to push the Farm bills through? 
These LAWS WEAKENS FARMERS & EMPOWERS CORPORATES.  ANTI FARMERS LAWS.
This is the death of democracy. How can you pass a bill without discussion. Every members want to repeal this bill(last being bjp) but what's the point in debating after the bill is being passed? Speaker should have allowed debate first may be for an hour or two then called for voting and repealed it. That could have been simple.
New sympathy propaganda has began, but Modiji is a problem who is true Indian by all means than Taliban
Farmers should not be poor. They feed us. Without them we will starve.
Now I can debate with my friends about the farm bills... Nice analysis.. Thank u mam
we did this during the CAA protest and even Now for the Farm 2020 bill but the government doesn't care....
The farmers should have carry some JCB
Thanks  Dhruv to support farmers
Q3. Why did farmers in Bihar stick to paddy/wheat even with low prices? How privatization of incentives failed here?
Support farmers. Somebody has to fight this fascist government.
India is on a downward spiral , thanks to BJP.
Farmers hai toh food hai, food hai toh desh hai
I got my answer for confusion over farm bill..thank you sir...
The most beautiful thing is that you stated those two points in Hindi so that the masses and especially the farmers can understand it. Great! But, the cunning thing you did is that your explanation of all the bills was in English which no farmer would have understood. Didn't expect this kind of lowly rooftop journalism from a person of your calibre. Please record this video in Hindi and I would love to see the comments from the farming community. I appreciate The Print's reporting but this video is disappointing.
Shame on this government..... Now we have anti national farmers also....
But the government  is not ending the MSP system. The opposition is lying  to the media ,thus creating a sense of fear among the farmers. Btw  loved your video , finally  I can understand  the whole  thing  .
Ask you daddy, Adani and Ambani they will pay for any loss. Kissan Mazdoor ekta zindabad
Although u told about farmer side of the protest it's incomplete ......the people protesting are actually not farmers but middleman who take a lot of commissions which results in higher price than the farmer sells there goods.
Only little bit explained farmers just doing their protest peacefully but driver of the thar hits everyone with car and killed farmers then farmers destroys their car in anger
Let them live in a gutter if they want, it was said by rajeev Gandhi to mohammad arif khan for muslim on shah bano case, now i want to say to the every farmers, i didn't get a point, while 1000 farmer were doing suicide in old system, then how it could be a better system...
BJP/RSS can accept anything but unity of Jats and Muslims in UP cannot be digested by them, that may be also one of the strong reasons for with drawal of this Black Farm Law.
In Last year 2nd season due to rains and floods max produced crop was damaged and the govt made us to purchase that with high price to avoid backslash from farmers. At the end of the year instead of supporting us, govt reduced the max broken rice content in processed rice (18 -> 10%). Due to that we made a loss of 40L in 6months. It happened to every miller associated with APMC in AP.
Pls convey to Modiji, to give adequate treatment to Tikaith.
Brother I salute you and all Haryana farmers/ families   Thanks   we r not in India but our soul is there
They're khalisthani supporters a punjabi or farmer  .
Farmers has to pay.
Farmers are only protesting because the "feel" msp gonna end..??
Doesn't explain a thing. No why's. Just bad journalism standards. Explain the issue, side by side and tell why is an unlicenced trader is an issue? This is not a stock exchange trading. The product is sold as a business. Farmer will sell to the highest bidder. What the bill is, what is the fear is, and then the best case and worst case scenarios.  Thanks
Bakts :- Farmers are anti-national while eating dinner and wating BND 
If farmers are not happy, change laws as per their will
'Deep Sidhu is guilty but he is not with BJP and also he is not against farmers, but SKM needs to blame someone for all this .
What about the majority of farmers who wants these laws? International funded protest shouldn't dictate terms. They are trying to slow down our rise. This the public must understand.
Election manifesto daikkh ker bat jurayn ,patrol 35rs,2crode log mukti bhi lugg chulkay hain ,DA bhi loota ja reha hai ,paycomition khatam ,her jaghain mahgae ki trahi trahi machi hue hai,achchhay din B J P Kay hi aaye hain ,her rooj nae loot ho rehi hai.,
Now khalistani will sell land and  move Canada...children who can't passed Punjab tech exam.. Hoping to get admission in Canada.. By selling land..
See is totally unacceptable .... From farmer's they just try you do politics into the  name of farmers
Congratulations to all farmers
From all the farmers a big thank uh to show truth to everyone
Plz became a video on 26 January 2020 with positive response of farmer
BJPs Money Mishra and Ajay Mishra are responsible for death of Shubham!  No father should see this day. Bhagwan Indian public ko  sadbudhi de! 
Jealousy of Indian media at its peak.
Shame shame shame modi govt and modi media. U all are big liar. Ja jawan ja kirsan. All this did by govt to ruin the farmers protest. Shame shame on u and govt
Think of it as any other industry. Let's say scooters in India. Its completely private, millions of Indian people need scooters and continue to buy it from a handful of companies. Technically, they could form a cartel and raise the prices together making a massive impact in the Indian marketplace. But does that really happen? No, because free markets also encourage competition. And especially in today's day and age, if 10 companies come together and raise prices, a new company will get set up seeing the discrepancies in margin pricing that they can take advantage off of. Simultaneously, if they keep the prices artificially lower, luring more and more people to buy scooters, a) they will have lower margins and b) once the demand picks up, there will be more raw materials required to keep up with the demand, which would put pressure on the raw materials/resources and drive the prices back up again, else it will not be sustainable for the companies to begin with and they will go bankrupt! if they continue to sell the scooters at lower price than what they can sustain!
Corporates will buy crops and store them. But Essential Commodity act will stop them for storing crops for long time, as it increase prices in market.
This is why we need Modi again he slammed himself for the people of India  salute democracy
Rubika hates farmers. Her face looks sad!!
Support the poor and peaceful Indian famers 100%!!!!!!!
The truth of the media revealed..... haha..... fortunately the farmer taught a lesson
Why these people are asking to release sarjeel imam and all  Is he is grandfather of these so called farmers
It is so sad that  wisdom is not descending on the leaders of the nation letting the farmers being pushed into full revolt farmers have all the rights to eat good food wear good clothes enjoy the best life can offer as nothing matches to the hardwork they put in to feed the nation.
0.01% of all of Indias Farmers are protesting, just because there are 250 million doesnt mean they all support the same thing lmao. An extremely small percentage of them are actually protesting western media is trying to amplify the numbers to portray Indian government as oppressing farmers. The BJP government has contributed a great amount to our country in the past 7 years of its administration, than the previous administration did in its first 7 years. Progress is being made, the choice is up to you whether you want to accept it or not. Stay open minded not blinded.
And stop stereotyping it that farmers are always on their fields.. I am also a farmer a live in city and visit my land only on sundayd
Govt. Of India should  allow Tikait to linger the agetation upto the time he becomes alone. After election of UP.election ends. The Income Tax an ED should be allowed to inquire his property.
This guy is totally uneducated. Useless to ask any questions about farmers. He just wants to cook own. I heartily respect reall farmers. Jai hind jai bharat 
They're not farmer they're our pride.
Farmer protest jindabad you modi how dare you to da that 
9:00 - Farmers are suspicious
Hypothetically, for a moment let's accept Abhijit's argument. By his own statement Captain won only 800+ votes. Hence, a coalition with him would not result in forming a government. Would BJP (especially motabhai) repeal the 3 laws for such a small gain? This doesn't really add up. There ought to be other reasons.
The farmers must now wait for its formal withdrawal and inclusion of MSP as per Swaminathan Committee guidelines which take into account the inputs of the farmer like his labour etc should be included as law. 
We support kisan andolan
2:10 Create a parallel system to give the farmer more choice
This is not just a problem for Indian Farmers this is a problem for the WHOLE WORLD.. Stand with Farmers!
I think many farmer leaders will see this video and then conclude. Didi, you had made an amazing video for us to understand this chaotic protest of farm laws.
I had  taken a loan as my income in 2012,but now i'm in loss 5 lakh per year.Think about marginal farmers who have less than 2 hectare ,how  can they pay off their loan ,when there income is not expectable.the only way they see sucide
Its clear Modi govt doesn't want to give money to poor farmers. Normally center has to give compensation to farmers now the govt doesn't want to give that. On top of that making it easy for crony capitalist like Adani to procure easily at cheap price and sell it to other countries.
America pakistan iran and arabian countries are supporting taliban.
Farm law was for the benifits of 80% farmers of india. 
Boooohot der kar di ....janaab ...aate aate ..! Hundreds (7!?)  of farmers have lost their lives in the agitation ..!
BJP mistook farmers as Shaheen Bagh! 
Proud farmers
This has reached this point because of BJP always worried about votes and not taking appropriate action at the right time. The farm bill was passed in 2020, which in fact hasnt been implemented yet. The question in a sane mind would be, then why is sometime violent & sometime peaceful protest continuing since then by a select group of farmers, and that too in 3 states.
Which farmer alliance support these suspicious laws?
Modi govt is wise to repeal the farm laws... But it was foolish to have enacted it in the first place...
the power of farmers 
Hon'ble Ajit Anjum It's your true Journalism services rendered to the farmers and public. Welcome you.
No farmer No food No future
Are they looking like farmers ? Looking like Goons to create nuance
Sincirity of Modiji our beloved Priminister can't be doubated. Vested interests who are involved with foreign divisive powers are playing the game of kabbadi.
at the end of the day when going to sleep no one really cares it will show no impact in any elections by the way I have a doubt the farm laws are same through out INDIA then why there are  no protest in UTTAR PRADESH,KARNATAKA,MADHYA PRADESH,GUJARAT etc against the so called govt
Farmer watching debate in parliament??? What's he talking.. 
1) Contract farmers can make contracts with farmers without farmers having any legal protection to appeal. Farmers will have to abide by fine prints in legal contracts, which even educated people like us cant fight with big corporates.
what this video doesnt say is the mandis are functional and well working only in punjab and haryana and few other states. whereas in other states farmers sell more of their produce to private players. Technically all this protest is mainly in places where apmc is strong.
thnku sir sporting farmers
Yes Rich & Politics has won, Farmers have lost.....
If they win Punjab(highly unlikely), they'll win only because of repealing these three draconian farm laws.
Absolutely ! AIM was always stating the same, modiji just proved AIM right. Now we can't doubt him, I'm also scared abt his prophecy abt hindu decline as Roman civilization ended. Hope It is wrong!
Well said Rahul Gandhi in fact pm should vacate his office more than 700 farmers died due to this farm laws . He must be held responsible
Communist flags eh? Farmers you say eh? Do they know how Communists treated the Ukranian farmers? Or the Chinese theirs?
U r so inclined to BJP govt. 62 days and 140 farmer deaths later, u still show farmers in bad light. Make a video on why is the govt forcefully enforcing the farm laws.
can i ask one thing  from this that the government should only one should protect the farmers so how they  can made the three laws which affects the farmers  so i request the government to take decision properly about this problems
Pak Stand with Sikh farmers
This decision of PMO represents...The pattern for law change followed in opposing this farm law activities had been accepted and approved by president of india , suprim court of india ,assembly of india,lok sabha of india ,sansad sabha of india ,central govt of india and state govt..its not failure  of central govt. Its failure of whole system in INDIA.
if they are farmers then they can do a negotiate with the government to finish the protest.
2) I don't think that 2nd law will work as private company first wiil give good contract in starting but after some years they will think of there profits and exploit farmers.
Vital revolutions have started with the domination of farmers since history. History has repeated itself. Hope the tortures these people are facing will surely get compensated with the justice they deserve and their demands fulfilled. 
I am a Farmer. This isnt the right decision
2) Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Act, 2020, 
Love from Azad kashmir.india's big problem is Modi.he is uneducated and tea seller he font know ho to do government.ksi educated ko PM bnawo jo india ma toilet bnai, sab community ko equality de,gareebon ki help kry.
The govt should make the bills with the  agreement and satisfaction of the farmers. I strongly support the farmers and Punjab.
Ego of Farmers No Supreme Court, No dialogue,  Dont apply in Punjab no, LEFT ,Akali , AAp and Congress are misleading farmers and press who are not thinking about poor people
Entire country should support farmers .. bjp government is a coward and not even want to face farmers ..
Nobody discussing on few points PM mentioned before repeal. What all he has done should be taken to farmers.
Indian  farmers ? ?.............No no no no never. they are not Indian  farmers.
If it's a farmer's protest then why putting Flags....
Manuvadi BJP cowards have attaked the farmers from behind, at farmers back, now manuvadi Padmaja debate.
Core reason is in the manifesto that to farmer double income by 2022 which cannot be done without disinvestment. It is clear privatise agri sector give it to corporate n corporate collect foodgrains at double or tripple price whatsoever and give to general public at high prices and pay tax to govt so its a win win situation corporate win govt win farmers somewhat win like rains of winters and middle class or common public losses everything. Remember even rice wheat has become non essential item as per these new laws. There may be uncontrolled inflation.
We support farmers protest
My dear Indian Brothers and sisters it's a high time to open our eyes please do vote for the right political partiesmy question to our BJP Leaders is that where is Democracy in our CountryIt says Government is"For the people and by the people" why the government is not  taking up necessary steps to arrest the culprits involved in this murder case whoever it might be minister or VIP son the law is for all and should  be punish equally if the Central Government did not punish culprit according to the Law then they are murderer of Democracy.
Indian army n police must take strong action against this angry Farmers !
Kisan are not under stand thebill. Congrssi kidanoko vadka rahie only for votes
Kissan are our backbone.They are our own brothers.The whole nation is with Farmers.Kejriwal you will definitely lead this movement.
These people are not farmers, they are the middle men who buy produce from farmers at low price and sell them at a higher price in the market.
Centre should learn from maharashtra 'how to treat farmers' 
Govt and Supreme Court have to understand common people's and farmer's sufferings
I support the farmers
Jai jawan jai Kisan I was a farmer once I was born in a village gazipur lucknow farmers feed India
Really good episode. Explained clearly. The BJP should make Guptaji the mediator.
Who is she? What does she want? She is not well wisher of India. How ill feelings she has towards farmers.
We support farmers,
These r farmers..this channel has a good viewership from bjp minded chutiya bhakts..most of the people of west bengal support the farmers in the red fort
Police shut off internet and incited violence and led kisans in direction of lal killa.  There are witnesses to all this.  Kisaans even caught a policeman red handed in common clothes vandalizing police vehicles.  people should be aware.  police is inciting violence.  Kisans made some mistakes, but, their intentions are good.  BJP intention is to beat and discredit no matter what.  Regardless, this andolan will not end just because BJP is trying to discredit.  It will make it stronger.
Tumhi to bjp ko 2014 me support kiye the
Even though I accept the whole story , I am just wondering whether cartel formation would be easier for corporate giants??. If they try to control the price in the 4 th phase with less margin to farmers they can go to other buyers right? Where is the irreversibly in this case?
madam 2nd concern about arhatiya...it's the personal relation..oh come on ...perhpas madam has not listened of the suicide of the farmers due the oppression of informalised credit system.
These laws could have really changed the face of our agriculture and primary sector. Let the real farmers know what have they lost.
Modi is actually clever. He take topics which are sensitive or important. But the things proposed in the new bill or amendment are disaster.
6. Also I can understand that they arbitary way the laws were passed, and how the govt. added fuel to this fear-led fire by not letting the farmers protest, but the laws are okay.
Omg  this is not good. I support farmers
After sacrifice of 650 valuable lives of Farmers abolishing  the farm laws. 
 Instead of subsidies it's better to give good price for farm products.
Save India. Save farmers 
The hell of it is that BJP walas really beleive, in their very heart of hearts that them staying in power in as many states as possible and in the center, is what the nationalist Hindu not only wants but should want... It doesn't matter and should not matter that they will sit in their Kursi and do ditto Congress governance... according to them and their masterstrokevadi supporters...
Very clearly explained sir ,but govt should also take step to explain each & every details of this bill to our motherland farmer's,so that no one can misguide them.
So, can you please also explain why mostly farmers from Punjab are only protesting against the laws? Why don't you highlight the real reason behind such conjectures of fear? Why don't you highlight what the condition of the farmers were during the time of the Congress government? And also please tell me the who the farmers you actually spoke to.
Farmer Bill Wapas Low
Proud of u sis n love u lot.we feel proud we belongs sikh family.kisan majdur ekta zindabad.No farmer no food.respect farmers
This time the image of 72 years of India  damage and just like america  the people damage government and private property and it's a shame to the farmers that they want there rights but what about those who works there I think that the amerging India  became destroyed India  please spread peace and blessings and I hope this will stop and everything be normal 
Its funny to see urban elite yapp at how these reforms were necessary without knowing a damn thing about the problems of rural India. Unlike the propaganda makers that the said laws would help the poor farmers and only the rich ones are protesting, it is quite outlandish to make such claims. It is the small farmer who needs assured procurement and the Mandi. Rich farmers have their own silos for storage, have access to formal credit and enough resources to build greenhouses and other expensive inputs. The rich farmers have the capacity to take on corporates legally. Unfortunately rich farmers are not so numerous even in prosperous regions of UP, Haryana and Punjab. 
How many days the farmers are fighting. North atleast keep these in mind. Not only religion
For an unbiased version of the repeal of the bills please refer to shekhar gupta s the print (also a leftist!). He will bring a more clear picture than this one...
Withdrawl of laws is a Big loss to Indian farmers and common sense. Big win for anarchists and those who wish to farmers in perpetual poverty. Now no politician will dare to reform this sector
Farmers protest political issues for Congress &opposite party.
I stand with farmers rights. No farmer no food.
Why not in Maharashtra where farmers have been looted by Pawar and sugar looby
So how can government win the trust of the farmers????
*I will embolden farmers to become rulers of the world*
Punjab has the highest average farming household income in the country at Rs 2,16,708 per year. While Bihar has the lowest at Rs 42,684 per year. 
its shameful for us that we are having such leaders. it would probably take 2-3 minutes to completely remove barigating and march upto rashtrapati bhavan. Its the kindness of these people that they are not doing anything . Its the agenda of polititians to poke farmers in a hope that they will do something and godi media will make a move out of it.
Soldiers and Farmer are not just words , they're the reason we are living................
Being Indian nepali I can say you that Sikh is the community that all Nepali's respect deeply... And both these communities is hardworking, in the armed forces in huge quantity and open minded, great dressing sense. To all punjabi sisters and brothers thanks for liking Nepalis and yes We Support You
Kisan tractors March zindabad
Every thing is Ok but the Stock limit imposition is exempted for corporates having better cold storage facilities as per 3rd Bill..What happens if the corporates buy all the commodities ..say Onion and store it with themselves? Obviously supply will go down in the market..And ultimately corporates will fix the price as they desire..This is gonna happen..And Govt won't come to rescue in such situation We the Consumers need to carry this burden on our shoulders!!
So much enemity with farmer to please corporate sectors...this government is sold
True Indians will not forget this betrayal by modiuddin khan. 
Abhijit Iyer Mitra was quite on the mark to point at an ignored area I.e. the underlying reality that today Punjab is heavily controlled by Khalistanis in Canada and UK, a threat the Indian Governments, both UPA and NDA underestimated, and that, it is the Khalistanis that fund the ISI and not the other way round. 
Farmers deal in favourite concerns of need    kamaal
This is a victory to Socialist Secular India.!! No to privatization, No to Corporations, No to Modi!!
I think Modi will privatize all the govt property and even land and all, he privatized railway as he cant handle it, He privatized roads as he is unable to handle it, He privatized airport as he cant handle it anymore. If he cant handle Indian all property in the well desired way let him come down from Prime Minister post and give a chance to others who can HANDLE WELL  ( He can properly handle broomstick during election only ), He is the Govt just to collect the TAX...??? I have never seen such a shameless politics how BJP is doing now a days ( Legal Corruption ).. Congress also did the corruption illegally during their term.. 
police farmers soldiers. fix this corrupt leadership ruining the country
You know in currently farming law running from 70 years.. farmers are killings themself, they don't get price and they have no choice just to throw their produces on the road..
Also APMC has no monopoly(you said in bihar) anywhere in India, farmers are independent, they can sell their crops anywhere in India.
Election is coming  ye toh hona hi tha they are losing but sad so many farmers died coz of him. Farmers should wait before doing anything because we can't trust feku on this.
Now indian farmers could earn equaivalent to American farmers now 
I'm in a pain after watching this video because I'm some months ahead and no one is listening to the farmers 
Full Support for Farmers from all over the world. 
I dont know why everyone is connecting farmers protesting with this revenge
Farmers issue has gone too long  and  Congress and other parties taking mileage out of it , as a farmer myself   And n kernels we prefer  option  to sell out products where ever we want,  I think middle man sponsoring the agitation.
New Indian Farmers Politic Party Good Free Job .
Is our country only listening to Punjab and Haryana what about others who appreciated the laws and earning benefits from it....
Yes, it is nothing but, election factor behind repeal of the farm laws....
Modi wants Bharat to be a Hindu Estate: So let it be. Let Khalistan come into being, let Kashmir come into being , let Asam come into being; and let Nagaland come into being: What is left over is Modi's Hindu Veresh: Enjoy. What is the problem with that. Modi is a Pakistani Agent: He has more sympathy with the late mother of Nawaz Sharif than those 140 Farmers died because of the severe weather sitting in the Andolan. Shame of this type of treatment. Farmers are Andata, they are not Atanwad: But Modi has treated them as terrorist. Modi must be removed from the power and must be trialed to get a sentence of death or let Bharat be divided into 5 parts. That is the end of this RSS Terrorist hijacked Bharat and created a situation of hatred and marginalization: against the policies of Nahro, and Ghandi. This is the start of the movement of Khalistan. Now it is out of control. Jai Kisan; Jai Jawan: Jai Khalistan: is what I have been hearing from the participents of this rally.
MSP if given should be for all agricultural products for all farmers across india. Not select produce in select state. 
That is the reason he is called Taliban Khan.Ofcourse Talibans are pakistani army so he will talk good about them as they are actually pakistanis.
Always Monolog.... That's it.....  Speaking from some other planet.... No idea about ground realities and  farmers sufferings....... Jai hind....
Actually Modi government was too adamant.actually bjp always doing favour for corporate.
Really??  Again with u Belgian farmers??!!
Congratulations to all farmers and citizens of India/ Bharat
Salute to all ndtv reporters, anchors for being a part of this farmers victory
My view is something different. In fact in every Gram Panchayats cold storages, godowns and co-operative societies ne established by the Govt. Rate of each and every agricultural products  be fixed by the Govt and the co-operative societies shall buy those products at that particular rate from farmers. Farmers may sell their products in mandies also if they get at a higher prices. Again these products are to be reached to consumers at a reasonable price. Small retailers will sell to consumers. So, retailers shall buy from co-operative societies at a fixed price above the buying price of  co-operative societies. The retailers shall sell those goods at a rational price keeping a margin of profit for their activities. Law should be in that perspective. So that thete will be a striking balance among farmers, societies, retailers and consumers.
Can experts here tell me point wise the benefits of these laws for farmers and also address the apprehensions of the farmers regarding these laws ???????
THE PEOPLE OF UP SAID THE FARMERS ARE HAPPY,ITS RAKESH TIKIAT WHOSE IS JUMPING.
Modhi is right on this one by curtting welfare from farmers.
As SDM he is taking the right step. I support him. Ye saale kisaan kuch bhi tode aur hum sarr na tode. Fake Farmers.
Make a video on loopholes of Farm bill.
Modi u will pay for dis poor farmer so sad fr dem
. Canada needs to stand up to and voice support for the indian farmers
To remain in power, this is another bluff master stroke...govt has lost farmer's trust already, calling them as terrorist while terrorizing them.
Take back the 3 farm laws. We support farmers.
Govt is beating every section of society with same yardstick but farmers are not corrupt nor theives nor defaulters
Reforms have taken place in all fields in the past 70 years except agriculture. These 3 laws are an attempt to make farming more competitive but unfortunately backed by political parties some farmers unions have opposed without reasoning. Good opportunity is lost now farmers cannot come out of the clutches of middlemen
Attacking farmers who work hard to feed us...shame on them
INDIAN system in Not honest with farmers.
Don't call farmers.
We stand farmers
Farmers have right to protest. Please give them passage to go.
These r not farmers...
1. The farmers in PB+HR get free water and electricity, but not in all other states. 
Disgusting..those farmers are only asking for their legal rights..and if the indian gvt is not taking them seriously, they will have to do something like dat. This media is just like the media in our country..working for the money , gvt, and not for the truth..
Prashant read the news on of Adani group tried to squeeze the apple orchid farmers when they got push back and gave them a fair price. It got to show how big corporate can exploit the small farmer
Full support Strong support from Indian Muslims to our sikh brothers and farmers from all over India 
Thanks for the support farmers
I don't understand why people are liking this video if they are supporting farmers,liking the video means appreciating the news anchors
The thing is the government can't make up the money and increase the earnings of those farmers because the rise of GDP is India can't cover the rise of it's population therefore they will only become poorer and poorer.
My grandfather also farmer.
yeah shekharji,only mistake was lack of parliamentary discussions,but that should have been forgiven as these were for a greater cause,but people were against it cause of misinformation,opposition and farm leaders destroyed india
Firs Modi destroyed economy with note bandi, then Modi destroyed small businesses with GST, now Modi try to destroy farmers with these bills. With these bills big businessmen like Adnany, Abany, Tata, Birla will be able to  buy crops at lowest prices  because farmers don't have logistics or resources to sell there crops to any one besides these big  companies, and these companies will buy at lowest cost and store the crops to sell it when demand at it peak, and these companies will export the crops to international markets that will cause food shortage in India, and common people will suffer. The big companies  benefited from GST  became the small could not stay in business, and now that business is gone to Abany and Adnany. Labour class got  destroyed with note bandi.
Please take post a video on why farmer's commit suicide.
Proud of every farmer and every voice that speaks for it
I support Sikh farmers from Indian occupied kashmir
All farmer products should b 3times more than present prices... 
India trained these soldiers just to show that they are helping afghan so that they will gain sympathy and can use afghan soil for Anti-Pakistan activities...
There are much advantages with these laws but the farmers does not have the belief on government but they can't judge the law before it comes into act
Shameful act by farmers
We all muslims stand with farmers.
Now wait for all those godi supporters to call farmers Khalistani terrorists 
But why, in the first place, are the international prices low? Because the foreign governments compensate their own farmers by giving them a hefty subsidy. And what else are the Indian farmers asking? Give us a compensatory subsidy if the produce sells below the MSP. Give us an assurance. They want it to be a law - NOT a verbal or written guarantee. They, as we commonly hear them, have had a bad experience with the past promises and the meaning-twisting tactics of the political class.
That 500 farmers arrested in Karnataka wala screenshot is fake  wo 2016 ki news hai
The union minister of home to resign immediately! Modi to sack him .
Congratulations Dear Farmers. Hope the MSP is guaranteed as well & there is no catch here. 
BJP goons killed 4 innocent farmer shame Modi Shame yogi
If this was a Pan India protest why there was no one from large rice producing states like Andhra, Tamilnadu, Karnataka, Bengal did not join and agitate for full year. This is not an Indian farmer agiataion but agitation of farmers belonging to two and a half states of India who would lose their source of. Income if government stops the mandi. Press is also silent on the funding given from extremist organisations in Canada and UK without which these agitations would have run out of steam in the long run. Press should also look into the funding received by these so called indian farmers.
With the withdrawal of this law, the farmers of India became one step behind from the path of development.
62 days even after 70 deaths farmers kept it peaceful protest
#SupremeCourtStand4Farmers
It's so sad that in so called democratic country like India, bill passes by voice vote  really!
Nicely Post thanks ravish kumar on NDTV India
Well, its very obvious that such situations would definitely occur due to the selection of present govt by Indian people. There is no any progress have been seen in any sector since the govt have came into rulling, infect the well performing sectors have been shut or sold off by the govt. It's sad to see our nation's farmers are on the road since so many days and no resolution came yet.
Govt.  Gave the best offer to postpone it for 3,4 year and talk it out and now it getting clear it is all about getting power ,tikait the dakait fought election and get zamanat jabt.
I'm surprised that farmers are protesting for giving them freedom in selling their produce!
My grandfather used to say that once in your life you need a doctor, a lawyer, a policeman, and a preacher. But every day, three times a day, you need a farmer."
Delhi police tried best to bring down the flag hoidted by Farmers but Failed miserably 
What about martyred farmers?? Some compensation is mandatory
This law will benefit every Indians particularly low income. Those farmers rioters thinking of their own interest.
Love you all sardar brothers from punjab Pakistan
All government help India Kisan Kisan problem lobour problem mothers problem girls problem women problem blinds problem Ambedkar cast problem help
Actual was very different, the farmers with will power did not react with the aggressive nature they faced and stayed focused on there aims. Sorry to say your channel shouldn't do this.
if 500 farming unions want him to repeal the laws then why arent they doing so?...just repeal the laws and everyone will go home.
Bjp is doing this to avoid loss in UP elections.
Delhi Police got a good kicking because of excess force used on peaceful farmers.
Disclaimer: any resemblance of this with the farmers agitation is a coincidence.
Great job BBC! Long live the farmers.Truth shall prevail!!!!!
Flags of Tricolor and Unions carry by farmers...
Mostly they are not farmers on top of it Sikhs protesting from Punjab, This bill.....which was not going to implement in Punjab as decided by present Punjab Government 
5. Online GPS network for all government and private warehouses with transparent capacities, costs and facilities like nitrogen chambers and dehumidifiers. Here also every farmer can put a price tag including warehousing fees for off-seasonal revenues.
This bill needs amendment, but farmers leader are demanding completely taking down the bill
Thank you for this video, I wonder why there are not more views on this. Currently all the major oppositions to the Farmers bill are saying to legalize MSP and increase it. So entire social media is also saying the same thing without researching about pros and cons! I needed to know both sides of the government on why they aren't increasing MSP and Farmers why they want to increase MSP!
How the way the laws were brought in? Exactly! The use of craft and cunning to hijack the farmers trust!! For a change, why not let the farmers reframe   these 3 farm bills?
Because My father is also farmer 
Just wondering what this "intellectual guy" gonna say after 26jan 2021 event . Btw take note guys his thumbnail says : "abb farmers khalisthani?"  as of 26th January 10:45pm.
Let's also remember how many farmers lost their loved ones.
We are always with farmers 
No Farmers No Food No Lives
It's not Modi who is defeated , It's India who is defeated !
Ajit Sir, 1 bhi video mene apka farmer protect se related miss nh kiya,
FCI has miserably failed. Warehouse leakages are huge. APMCs also are exploiting farmers. Despite these Mandis, why so many farmers committed suicides ? Why not try something else ?
3) How come so called supporters from Canada, Germany, Italy.. where a number of Khalistanis live, actively funded by Pakistan's ISI, were barking their head off about matters they have no business to talk about? They are not even Indians! Maybe these farmers have one family member as a Khalistani & ISI agent also?
I am not blaming these farmers i am blaming those political leaders who are misleading them and giving them misinformation and misinterpretation of the farmer's bill and making them think that it is against them.
Thanks sir for giving relief to our Farmers.
2) The new bill has not brought any major drastic changes, only a parallel system working with the existing system. Prior to these bills,farmers can sell their produce t only via govt markets.
Plz do it in hindi and telecast so that farmers will understand. It's good move by our government
This Gentleman Gurcharan is out of touch with Realty. 90% of protesting farmers are owners of less than 5 acres, not big farmers of Punjab as he says.
Our Indian P.M. Modi Ji is given respect thru out the world, which no one has got this capacity.  Don't under estimate our P.M.
They are not farmer they are Goons .
Bjp through out from india
Seeds subsidized. Fertilizers and pesticides subsidized. Agriculture loan subsidized. 0% income tax. Until very recently diesel was subsidized just keeping farmers in mind. Confirmed MSP from government. Never seen government provide more crutches for an industry. People are still unhappy.
Congratulations to all farmers. They proved how important protest is in democracy.
Many important bills including the three farm laws that were repealed recently did not get discussed in parliamentary committees. ..
With leaders political parties like the BJP and modi who needs enemies.
BJP RSS government links Taliban Afghanistan
Well I think Mr commissioner, you just followed Amit shah orders,that is why you were sleeping and not guarding around red fort.From what I remember no one could enter that high security zone.Sab Modi ke bike hue log.shame shame on you Mr commissioner. No soul just falsely implicating the poor  farmers. Dhikar h on all the educated people who are Modi chamchas.
Message to threaten farmers...
You hidden lot of issues that farmers facing and these 3 bills making their problems even more. Be transparent, didn't expect such kind of video from your channel
I have spoken with many real farmers regarding farm laws.
Please India  support the best GLOBAL LEADER OF INDIA 
These are not farmers but politicians backed brokers.
Really, both of you have explained very nicely. I appreciate both of you. Also you explain in a neutral way. Neither in favour of farmers nor government nor private sectors. Thanks for your video.
ndtv , Vox , Vice , Quint And wire are just against everything  Government of India does and they do that because this is what there viewers demand from them on the other hand Republic tv , Aajtak are pro.modi .
Rakesh Tikait says so simply and straightforward
While Rihanna speaking up on Farmer's protest is Internal matter
Congress ka haath confusion je Saath. Congress is confused internally & confusing the Farmers & country. People understood your black face Khan-Gress......Next election they will be below 10 seats or might be there will be a split in Congress before next General Election. See the frustration of Congress spokesman 
Its a great protest they should get their rights farmers are our back bone I am there with you I raise my good job Jai Jawan Jai Kisaan 
According to your captions .it is only cause the Punjab and Haryana are receiving maximum subsididity of India Agriculture Budget.why not equally distribute among all other States.
They are behaving like a roudys  not as farmers some of them
It is not only politics, it is a manifestatiin of farmer distress that has got perpetuates over the years.
3) The  traders who buy from farmers wouldn't be punished anymore for holding stocks that are deemed excess.
Only 1.5 crore People pay tax on their income, but a farmer has to pay taxes,cesses and other charges on his produce.What Kind of equality is this.85% r small and marginal farmers who lack access to formal credit and alternative employment,this is the main reason for Farmer suicides.
US Air support  couldn't  stop taliban for 20 years what it can do now, just minor roadblocks
AIM talks as if he knows everything reality is that no one is!! Punjab needs to be secured wait for plan B from Modi think tank. You think Modi liked this to communicate we are facing larger issues which need priority attention.
I'm in the UK and interested in what is going on with the farmers.  Trying to understand the laws or the reason why the farmers are protesting is not simple as your reporting shows the complexity and nuances of the situation.  A very well considered impartial reporting style.  Thank you.
22 items nnu maathram aanu MSP, athu maathrammalla ethinte price decider traders aannu farmers Alla.. suppose Oru item nnu 20 RS aanu MSP engil traders ellarum othu chernnu athu 22 RS. Lelam villikkum, aginne farmers nne force cheyyannu evar, athu koodathe Mandi fees I'm verre- avasam nashtam farmers nnu maathrammanu!
Farmer is like an another solder of India who is feeding us. Police is throwing stone on them. Its not fair
farmers are of father of national ......
Support to farmers .
Sir u said in start that farmers can sell their crops only to APMC or FCI 
I couldn't understand anything about farmer's protest for months from Indian news channels, but understood from an 8-minute foreign news media.
3. Framework for Contract Farming: First Contract farming is totally voluntary. It usually takes place between buyer and seller (farmer/s) for specialized commodities for meeting niche markets such as baby corn, special varieties of capsicum etc.  Formal Contract farming has enabled farmers to offer produce at predetermined price and for market price above contractual price, farmer has liberty to sell at higher price. Small farmers have benefitted more than large farmers in contract farming as income derived per acre was the highest for small farmers (Experience of Baby corn and vegetables
Farmers should stick together for their rights dont give up 
I also disappointed by repealing these laws. But Modi is available best leader. We should support Modi in difficult time.
Stands with FARMERS 
i stand with farmers
We can't ignore Corona. It's very risky situation for farmers & police forces. I hope the government and farmers will come to a decision soon.
Terrorist organisations has no fixed policy. They must change at any moment. We must support Afghan govt
This is a very selective interpretation of the farmers' concerns. Punjab Haryana mein hi bulk of that 6% farmers hain where APMC functions largely as intended. That's why they are better off than rest of the country's farmers. 
first of all congratulations to all farmers of India it is the great achievements that will definitely became memorable in the history 
Wow worried about farmers of different states but not doing anything for the people of his own state..what is aqi of delhi Mr. CM
Support our farmers the pain they are ongoing are not expressable
Good. Long live farmers unity
Modiji is what we will know once he is gone. He feels for the nation better than any other politicians.
Hey!  How come the Indians got to blow horns, but Canadian Freedom Convoy protesters are not allows to blow horns or fuel trucks?  Seems like an arbitrary decision of the ruling class.  It took Indian Farmers a year of protest.  Perhaps everyone around the world protesting now will have to be just as patient for change to come.  Thanks to Indian Farmers for showing how to protest effectively.
I really like this video and the information provided  by you, we accept our mistakes such as rally on wrong routes, hence there was some reasons that why farmers took those wrong routes (1), majority of the farmers didn't know about the right track. (2), according to an investigation by a journalist of delhi(mandeep punia) BJP goons were carrying petrol bombs to throw on the tractors while they were on the rally. Hence, a large number of farmers had to change there decided routes at that moment. Yet, i have so many point to proof some more aspects which are mistakes in your point of view. #kissanektazindabaad
LOL, RSS/BJP IT cell in the comment section spreading lies against farmers and branding anyone who is against government policies as terrorists.
Chor BJP RSS MODI
We support farmers rally for their democratic rights.
All Hindus have to unite agaist these Khalistani and Jihadi groups.. all they want is to break the nation.. we have lost Kerala, WB, North east and Punjab almost
Pass the MSP bill if you want farmers to Grow
A grand historic victory of kisan aandolan ...this will be written in golden words on the face of Indian democracy...lots of my brother have died during this protest..heartiest condolence ...this protest n wil nor b forgotten neither be forgiven...jai kisaan
You are showing old clips as farmers are holding tricolour and you are defaming Farmers
This is just a farm law. Could have repealed it earlier.  Very very sad Indian politics.
Because of the rich farmers of Punjab the poor farmers of rest of India and also of Punjab will sufferextremely selfish of  Punjabi farmers
A question asked in one of famer rallies - If removal of APMC is so good ...why are prices in bihar where APMC was removed in 2006 significantly lesser than Punjab/ Haryana ...why are farmers from Bihar working in fields in Punjab and not other way around ?
Congratulations for hardwork of Indian farmers fight against evil laws and won..
    Despite opening the Kartarpur corridor and closing the Agro Black laws, now no vote to BJP & Capitan/Badal in Punjab.
unlike others he actually talked about the positive steps taken by centre for the welfare of farmers
If the govt wants they can stop procuring paddy from punjab&haryana and force them to grow others crops or atleast diversify .  (If)Reforms are needed so do it by hook or crook for greater national interest but they mainly failed because of their autocratic nature the hatred the media started nobody will trust any new reform
Thanks for creating this video. Very informative. You don't have to be a genius to work out who is right & who is wrong. God bless the Farmers so they are successful in their peaceful protest.
So guys what do you think "The New Farmers Bill" is right of wrong?
Pressuring the government to make a statement that can cost lives of hundreds of our soldiers is un ethical for the media. Best option for India here would be to wait and watch for as the things unfold
i didn't believe modi retreated from farm laws. the laws were a necessity , i hope somehow we could have defeated the goons like dakait and taken the national interest. Private sector would have done wonders , sad.
Farmers were protesting peacefully from last 5 months... Today deliberately govt planned this to diminish the protests...
Everyone who thinks that this bill is for the benefit for Big Private Corporations are wrong. Yes, Big Corporation will be benefited from this bill but farmers are the one who will be availing the actual benefit from this bill..
One of the most important aspects of agricultural bills, which needs to be highlighted, may not be fully addressed. With these bills the farmer will be ruined and next time it is up to the consumer. Essential food items like flour, rice, oil, fruits, vegetables, sugar, molasses will be monopolized by the corporate instead of the government, they will be allowed to stock everything under these laws as your kitchen items are now out of essentials Have done.
Contract farming will connect the farmers far more directly to consumers & to national or global market, getting them better prices, assured sale of produce.
Doing babri demolition thimes the guns,granade,barricade where not invented yaar,where where you the brown shirted waalas,hats off farmers,They stay silent for more than two months,but you underestimated them because they are only farmers,you will now arrest many farmers because you have everything but sure you will suffer lot ,this is just a beginning of your nightmares.
5. Economy of scale is required - but 85% farmers are S&M (Small & Marginal)
I feel only judicary should be taken into consideration in case of conflict and rest of the law is totally in favour of welfare of farmers and if anyone has any doubt .comment please
Thank you for the information Shekhar ji, you are providing amazing information where none of the media in india is capable of producing.
Why arent the rest of the farmers in the nation protesting? 
Modi work for reliance and Ambani and our farmer work  to feed people's ...and  nobody can't  defeat them ...
Farmers and soldiers are our back bone very important. We have to support both.
Pakistan always supported you and will continue to support you likewise ever.
Kya Faida Kamaal hai yaro Modi Ji ne Kisan ko Pagal  Kar diya hai, now in near future those who really respect our INDIAN  CONSTITUTION Should be our Next Prime Minister of  india...JAI HIND.
Support the indian farmers! 
Thanks a lot sir for bringing reality to us.. congratulations to all Indians for this victory.
Is this a fish market i don't know what are they protesting if the farm laws are repealed then what is the problem for protesting against it
 I am Belong to a Farmer family from Tripura  I strongly support this bill
If vehicle had rammed farmers by behind why did the vehicle stop could not understand if it is deliberate. Was the driver insane don't understand under which circumstances he did this. If he did intentionally he is insane and why did he stop the car
Support to farmers
Worried about their safety and well-being especially the old farmers.
Honestly time to stand together for the United India. BJP destroying Indian future.Sad but true BJP must stop Hindu vote politics and concentrate on Indian farmers problems and economic crisis.Im very disappointed with PM Modiji he is totally changed and not listening peoples problems.He is still acting like third class cheap politician he forgot the value of Indian PM 
I support farmers  but not only in India but also in  whole region
Well this is an issue for the farmers, we are with them but why are we being mislead , are there any other motives behind all this?
It's so so heart breaking....!!! I am numb!!!  Just finish this bjp and rss!!! Let's just throw them out of this universe!! All and each Kisan and other ppl, soldiers who died coz of bjp rule.... It's just one solution ...throw each one of them out!!!
Only the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) is showing solidarity with the farmers by providing necessary amenities to support this protest. The rest of the opposition is just doing politics & lip service!!!
Farmers are backbone of India .
This time UP election will fought on the issues of farmers and agriculture.
India my ask return of those including the toy (helicopter without rotators) from taliban
If we establish minimum crop value for the farmer's work asset means they will  extra benifit. Crop value should depend on the quality of product. All the crop should be insured for some minimum money.
In Bihar Nitish Kumar had already implemented this Bill but every farmers become Poorer after that ,
Finally farmers proved who this country belongs to. Kisan EKta zindabad
This is my true India, if everyone live happy and support eachother but unfortunately there is bigger section elite section who dont want that
Salam to all women farmers for their bravery.
Free markets exist in theory because the fact of oligopoly power is nor factored in. Take the case of Ola and Uber.( Also, remember Milton Friedman was paid by large corporations). Btw, the introduction of a base price or at least an indication by the government of their willingness to introduce one in case oligopolies start their round of cartel formation outside the mandi is the only safeguard I can envisage here. That's the crux of most farmers demands. Also the PepsiCo controversy still lives on in the memory of farmers in Punjab and Haryana and other places. So that explains their scepticism towards contract farming. Also in places like West Bengal and Kerala where land reforms were implemented is it really possible for Contract Farming to take shape at the stroke of a pen? This system could have only benefited most farmers from these regions if cooperative systems were first established and then they were allowed to profit from and through the forces of the market.
Amazing  amit ji... Tanq.. Clearly understand Wat is MSP and why new farmer bill..after watching  this video I support farmers  bill...
Once Upon a time i have seen a NEWS about Pakistan chanting, singing and celebrating the victory of TALIBAN 
3. Actually, the UNIFIED Resistance offered by the farming community in the times of BJP rule has the likes of SG and the BJP supporters in SHOCK and AWE !!
In Rajasthan Congress Govt lathi charged on farmer's brutally, nothing shown here, typical hypocritic media...
Yogendra yadav always stand with farmers .. My first meeting jantar mantar 2017
They should March to the parliament and rid India of Modi once and for all
Please also show the average farm size owned by farmers per state when you make state-wise income comparisons, that would inform people better to come to their own conclusions, if and how state-driven reforms have worked or not. Even better would be comparison charts with previous years to indicate if those reforms increased wealth or contrary.
Simple solution to farmers improve farmers condition is implementing swaminathan comission report. Lekin koi sarkar isko implement nahi karegi. Bas bhashan dena ata hai partiyon ko
80 farmers died in protest also mention it BBC, because our national media is solving some very crucial issues, like :- follow celebrities, politician vist and debates on nothing.
These were very good laws for farmers. T
Punjab and Haryana farmers got succeeded in their agenda, now the farmers from other state can't compete with them and became as much rich as they are, because of just 2-3 states now whole india is suffering.
This is a victory of middlemen system between farmers and customers
Very good, a clear picture of government ruthlessly ignoring the protest of these peace full farmers
Repeal of these bills is good but I think CAA & Article 370 is necessary for our country.
If these guys REALLY love their motherland back home, then they SHOULD demand that farming practices in Punjab be changed because the way farming is being done in Punjab, it is being turned into a desert. Currently, the FCI (Food Corporation of India) guarantees to buy wheat and rice (no matter how much) these farmers produce. This has led to over-reliance on these two crops alone, not to mention the immense amount of water and fertilzers farmers use for these crops as repeated growing of these two crops alone has SEVERLY deprived the soil in Punjab of minerals and water (especially water as rice is a water intensive crop and Punjab isn't naturally suited for growing such huge amounts of rice).
#Isupportfarmlaws
BHAI RAKESH NE TO APANI GOBHI KHUDWANI H YOGI SE, ISNE BHAGNE KI JAGAH NA PAVA INDIA M TO.
As we know that stories of farmer's selling 2 rupees tomatoes in apmc as big player will not take tomatoes 2 ruppes.
We the people of uk are thankful for the support of farmer. Good job
The national media is not broadcasting the farmers protest in a proper way.
The Mandi agents, under the currently passed laws, will have to provide traceability of their transactions with the farmers as well as the retail end where they would off-load their stock ... and that will be taxable ... !! ... No more driving BMWs without paying Taxes ... !! ... So, whether it is Mandi agents or Corporates ... the Govt. will mop up taxes ... which was missing for 73 years ... !!
Great Modi Ji  now we need to wait and watch why he has excused them. Generally modiji don't do anything for free.  Wait for the next move
what if I tell you that even the opposition serve the 1%er and put out such stunts so that bills are passed immediately and no one can held them responsible. 
Farmers are fighting for every ordinary Indian citizens. The whole country should be supporting them.
Sir your confidence supper for farmers so thenks
3. Why all Punjabis and Sikhs are connected to this farmer movement? I have many friends and colleagues, who are Punjabi and Sikh, but they are not into the farming business.
Absolutely superb song on conclusion of farmers movement
These are just positive PR & Marketing strategies by Modi because of upcoming elections
They never learned from Vietnam. Once again, the Superpower and worlds mightiest army is defeated by Farmers in Flip Flops.
You are forgetting one basic fact.APMC Law does not permit farmers to sell their produce outside mandies. Which means mandis are having captive market.This is being misused.
God is there to eye on all the universe shall taliban has forgetten just wait for karma terrorists will pay for it in the same as vanquish
NO FARMER NO FOOD JAI JAVAN JAI KISAN PUNJABI ALWYES PROTECT COUNTRY WHOLE COUNTRY SHOULD SUPPORT FARMERS
I am not a farmer, I'm not a Punjabi, i voted for BJP but i support our farmers. BJP is actually wrong this time and has been too harsh to them.
7. If this was done by bjp at ayodhya , SC gave a clean chit disposing off the case as there is no substantive evidence to prove. Did these farmers destroyed any historical monuments of unity as they were anti national elements.
all i can see is farmers peacfully driving  tractors on the road. always support the rebelions
Big win of democracy, need reforms which take farmers welfare in centre
I'm also belonging to the farmers family... But not supporting this violence... These people are real terrorist... A real farmer cannot do this... They have to shame on themselves...
Farmers: We r the Nation. We are the strongest and we r those who made u  PM . So Mind it
Delhite reacted on farmers riot today ! exclusive ! check out on our channel :)
By which every farmer will be connected n start some positive work out with this
We need farmer's cooperative company for procurement, processing, selling and marketing ..like(Amul)..
The view that village people , who live by farming , do not understand and dont do  corruption is misguided and naive , corruption is not limited to city people , some of these farmers whom we sympathaize with instantly without thinking because they are farmers wearing simple dhoti ,  are just as corrupt as any corrupt politician or officer , how corrupt are they to protest against free market ?
Yaar what kind of anchor are you, where were you when 3000 Bengali Hindu women got raped and 50 BJP workers got murdered in WB just 3 months ago??? Are you on the take from Rahul and Akhilesh, shame on you and the BBC. You know that Mamta and WB Police have ignored these incidents, that makes her a besharam aurat and BBC a besharam channel. Also I am cheesed off with yogita ( your anchor) for lying about the Delhi riots called it Hindu riots against Muslim minority, whereas it was the total opposite when Muslims wanted to disrupt Mr trump's visit to India, and embarrass BJP and Modi. What a joke BBC are, maybe she is on the take as well ( she is not even a Muslim)
Antinational farmers
I support farmers... ... In this case... Y coz..... Y don't this police stop the farmers to enter into the gates of redfort... Don't they have the strength to stop them... Then what they have
Who are these dead persons, either they are farmers or others. If they are farmers,  their bank account should be checked out, weather they are beneficial of kisan nidhi or not. If they are beneficial, it should be considered that this incident is a consipiracy. High level inquiry should be exercised.
Poor farmers will be exploited by rich farmers. Good for them. I am going to stop buying food grains grown in Punjab.
Thank you so much for covering this!! Kisaan mazdoor ekta zindabad
Maximum Mandi, innovation on agriculture, protection to Farmers, Education for Farmers, Business Education for Farmers... Lots many things... Government need to think to WORK ON GLOBAL STANDARDS. 
BJP should replace Modi by Nitin Gadkari. Amit Shah by Swamy. 
Dalali me abbal media . We student support our farmers .
Farmers died and cars were burnt. What is more important? Human lives or car ?
Im with the farmers they are vital
Rubika is good in  justifying, BJP should send her to make the farmers understand.
Why did pro reform farmers not come openly in support of 3 farm laws.? The agitation was predominantly by Punjab farmers and to some extent by Haryana farmers. The western UP farmers agitated for guaranteed MSP not against the farm laws as mandi system and procurement is much lower than Punjab and these farmers go to mandis in punjab to sell wheat.
Farmers ke sath galat ho rha hai
Those virtually sharing the power wanting to agitate about the farmers demand for the last more than 9 months is appearing to be something ridiculous. Is it bcz elections are approaching in some states.What they have doing for the last 9 months.All this is indicative of something deep down in the political gimmicks.
We are all connected to the farmers through food.
The time is not far off when real farmers will struggle to enforce this law. So the farmers will have to repay all the benefits they have received so far?
I support Indian farmers
This is British style plan that army and farmers which are savior of India  open to fight on ground
More than 150 farmers died.
After reading the comments here : All agri experts have quoted the example of BIHAR where similar laws have been enacted and it has led to a collapse in paddy prices. But still the right wingers will present these laws as if it was a big ticket to prosperity and the farmers missed a golden chance. Such dishonesty !!!!
It's been 9 months, farmers are still protesting. Please pray for farmers
It's true , if farmers raise their voice. It's their fundamental right. But what is the benefit of making fundamental right when nobody hears them
Sir , you describe this 3 farmer bills in so easy way ... It's helpful for easily understand . Thank you so much sir 
A little convoluted in your presentation, but good schematics. They should just do it how western countries do it, subsidize the farmers directly and get them more technology to increase yields and keep food costs artificially low. Indias real problem is too many labourers in a highly mechanized world. People need to live and eat and a process needs to exist to provide that at Indias current development stage; the transition process will take some time but it will clear up in 80-100 years.
When you don't want to acknowledge the truth instead just want people like Rakesh Tikait to validate your false notions of todays truth. please spare us. newslaundry.
I think all Punjabis wiil say it wrong but they are admiring it they are not indians
Don't play with farmer
Farmers   or
Should record in Guinness Book of World records of this farmers agitation 
@Navraaj @Sandeep @Angad: A couple of direct questions? Have you gone through the farmer bill in detail? Have you seen the protest on 26th Jan? Do you believe in negotiation or violence? If you believe in negotiation, then which steps did you take to control violence instead of uploading your views on a global platform VICE?
This report should reach all farmers , in their local language.
They aren't farmers they are Middlemen.
I don't know why, private companies have been made out to be such evils. Private companies are already procuring from regions in Andhra( Guntur- tobacco), Maharashtra ( onion). Anyone can ask the farmers there, if they are happy. Have you heard of farm strikes in those regions? Companies help the farmers with seed, technology and actually give them good prices. And if they start troubling the farmers, this protest can happen again, can't it? Then the protest will have more substance and not merely be based on speculations.
I was big supporter of bjp but from now I will never vote bjp 
e is looking for the biggest drug sales market You have to understand that farmers in India this is looking for drug sales all over India You have to understand that it has plantation all over India only drugs
Why everyone is asking this question "why farmers are protesting"?
These laws will even worsen the situation of small farmers. And MSP should be guaranteed to all 52 crops, as agriculture still depends totally on climatic conditions. 
Prime-Minister, Home-Minister and Defence Minister should be regined immediately for failure to maintain peace in J&K and now BJP is creating disturbances in all over India to crushing the Kissans of India.
Taliban is just Apni Gulli ka Sher.. and why would India intervene..?? this threats mean nothing. They will never dare to come to Indian Borders...
Young farmers in the US support India. We hear you. We value your rights legacy and voice.
I can see a lot of comments criticizing government, its so unfortunate that they only know half of the story. I think literally no one knows why they are protesting ( the people out of india ), what government did to resolve it, they just want to criticize the government, just do some research on it guys before choosing a side.
you obviously arent punjabi and have been watching too many bollywood movies and dont know ground reality.I can see there are lot of Modi Bhakats here. Only suggestion I have for them
Up and punjab people don't forget people how loz thair life for u don't wot bjp again moodi is more clack then lombri ya Bjp no good for indin people believe me...
Modi's decision on reversal of 3-kissans laws is taken while keeping in view of security of India. Modi ji would never compromise with nation nor for winning election in UP or in Punjab or elsewhere. There is deeper secret underneath which he could not disclose for security reason. India is in danger from internal enemy within. Please keep your support or faith in him as welfare of citizens & security of nation is first for nationalist, selfless, hardworking karam-yogi PM Modi...jai hind...Jai Bharat.. .
People knew that these andollanjivi Will not be able to close that andolan. Because modiji failed very badly now this is the right time to pick up jhola band move back by to Himalaya  and let yogiji handle the andollanjivi h we is real saint and he knows how to use shaster and shaaster
A genuine question to SG :- Punjab farmers also grow maize but the government does not procure it . They sell it at half of the MSP. So how will the diversification happen and who is responsible for it?
So called protesting farmers are like that really annoying aunty who will criticize you even when you are right... Ironically only opposition leader's fb profile had the farmers protest logo with them.. farmers had no problem but opposition has. So on a sad note, now that laws are getting repealed only farmers will suffer and not opposition 
Boycott should be of Godi media & its News papers too by all kissan families.
They are not ordinary farmers they're cororpathya it is not daring all are frightened all are corona positive.
Our farmers feeding to our nation
Punjabi youth has patience and patriotism in their hearts. Godi media hasnt spared  any single day using derogatory words and hurting the sentiments of punjabis , but still we are quiet and bowed down and expect Modi government to repeal these laws and make  a fresh start. 
In 2019 , 2011,2013 & on 1990 farmers were supportin' this bills ,
I think the bill must be in recommendation of states's interests.  If panjab haryana is not happy with this law then let it go. Donot implement forcefully on them. And if other states are fine with this new law then implement only on that particular states. Why dragging people on road and why they have to die ??!!!..  that's not how democracy regulates !! Farming conditions are different in different states. ...  atleast centre should explain everyone about their new law whatever and if some states are not happy and is afraid of land invasions by corporates then donot force them. In democracy we cannot force on people something out of blue. I think govt if still want to be in their seats then can do this much atleast. _/|\_ ..
Election Jivi got the sense of election results and made a U turn... otherwise he is same who called Farmers Andolon Jivi, Khalistani, and what not. So who is Election Jivi??
Long live.. Farmers
My take on this.. When Amazon & Flipkarts came in,, we thought they would monopolize.. But see now.. You have Jiomart, tata cliq, nykaa, and many more may come.. So if we apply the same to Farming,, we can also expect many to come up, and would have eventually benefitted all.  Once we have a working model, then many would start it and would benefit both farmers, and corporates...
Just one question to everyone did the new farm bill force the farmers to do suicide or the old ones?
Mr. Tikait is right, temple is being displayed under set agenda of BJP/RSS. It was appropriate to show picture of assembly building.
Congrats to all the brave farmers to show the right place of the ruling party.
The very fact all the states except punjab are  in favor, conveys  that the farms laws are good.
Farmer protesting. Modi : now its time we import farmstock for half price.
Super congratulations farmers
Panjabi jahil farmers want under control of middle man  respect their choice. ...
Mene Ek poster dekha tha farmers ke tent me it was written fu*k off modi.
Lot of farmers lives were lost...but farmers are brave
Farmers are getting fatter and fatter and richer and richer.
2. The farmers can form "aggregates" with other farmers, as well as lawyers etc when they enter into a contract with a private contractor (e.g. corporates) as one single entity. This alone would take care of the problem related to "corporate domination". 
they seem to have reign some control over the  procurement process like  direct transfer to farmer and registration of farm land etc....some purpose of this law is already  in force
We all need to support farmers
The  third bill is more dangerous  holding any crop and commoditties leads to increase in rates in shop because holder sell it in owns rates and then shopkeeper to people in higher rates 
Modi and cabinets ministers wanted more shares from those working hard decent living Indian farmers! Shame!
One day Pakistan will also under Taliban control that day imran khan will know how Afghans has suffered
Respect for u sister u support farmers
If the country has Khangress and TMC what can be expected. Added to this is international media supporting the agitation. Let them suffer.
I belong to a farming based family from UP and we trust BJP Govt. Before 2017 We used to buy Urea from Black market due to unavailability in Market. Now Govt is providing surplus Urea to us. We are still getting MSP from Mandi and are free to sell at higher rates anywhere.
# WeStandWithFarmersProtest
Mumbai farmers - we are farmers
best thing to happen for the farmers protest since jan. use this police brutal for maximum advantage
Farmer acts good not change
Our Farmers need help so please Support them
As a good Muslim I fully support Seekh farmers of India. Mein Allah se roz dua karta hoon ki hamare Seekh bhaio ko azaad mulq Khalestan se nawaze. SIkho salute hai ap logo ki bravery ko.
Ok if government trying to bring directly private sector industries in farming by these 3 laws fail which eventually lead to monopoly of APMC and poor farmer will be poor 
Balanced viewpoints on Farm laws. Hope the agitating farmers are made aware of this
Unless you get into the details of the laws passed how would you come to a conclusion that the laws are against the farmers 
Proud of Canadian pm for supporting farmers
Not just farmers common man is also going to face exploitation even in basic consumer products , it's high time we stand with farmers for protest
Police should stop hurting the innocent farmers who are trying to protest in calm way.
The same media which calls them khalistani
Modi should negotiate with the farmers, bad handling. When you disturb their livelihood, people tend to be angry...
There are no middlemen in Punjab and Haryana they are in MP and other states.
Sabse pehle jo log khalistani keh rhe h..please stop calling them khalistani....they are farmers....as Indian we have to understand each other and every religion sentiments....and they haven't withdrawn the national flag unhone apna flag khali jagah pe tanga...isme koi galat bat nhi
Its open for farmer either to sale to APMC or Corporates after this Bill. Government should construct big cold storages in every Taluka free of cost to Farmers for storage for particular period.
Mister I want to rectify your information regarding the sell constraints on the produce. Farmers can sell their crops to anyone either outside the APMC market or to a private buyer on his/her choice as if the price offered outside is more then farmer can sell outside on his own risk of fraud dealing. But inside the APMC market there are almost no chance of fraud happening. APMC act as a shield to farmer.
BJP won't win in Punjab. !!
Long live farmers union..
*ALL PROFESSIONS ARE EQUALLY IMPORTANT.... Farmers is just like another profession. There is no need to put them on a pedestal. Some people quote them as ANDH DATTA & that without farmers there will be no food. and as such must support them. What if there were no doctors, nurses, frontliners; many would hv died during this pandemic What if there were no jawans, police & security personal; there would be anarchy. What if there were no bankers, money lender...; there would financial system will collapse. etc, etc... Bottom line EVERYONE IS IMPORTANT including the police*
Power to the farmers !!! Lets goooooo !!!
Jai Kisan! Duping farmers will cost BJP dear in electoral battle!
Why don't the Kisan Leaders start co-operative forums for marketing of farm produce to avoid middleman and get fair prices. Amul is the best example in this regard.
Blood chilling lynching of innocent BJP workers reminds us of Talibans murdering their opponents in Afganisthan
This makes me feel prouder than even if we had won a world cup. Kudos to the Farmers
I stand with farmers of my 
The law is for the development of rich businessma not farmers. They passed the law for getting money for the rich businessmen.
Biggest Comedian of Indian 
its anti farmer bill
Support farmers need justice for farmers
Which allows the farmers to directly sale they produce to the whoever they want...
I wish you had done a bit of research with the farmers on ground level instead of stating these statistics in order to justify these black laws. The farmers grow wheat and paddy because of sure shot income guarantee and yet they are pressed in debt and farmers suicides are rising day by day. If they take away the procurement system that guarantee will end. The idea of this law seems wonderful on paper but each and every farmer in punjab has had worse experiences selling to private players and contract farming eg. Pepsico buying potatoes. This is the main reason for the wheat paddy cycle continuation. 
Jai kisan. Withdraw anti farmer laws at the earliest unconditionally. Permit farmers tractor rally.
This will happen when you vote uneducated, corrupt politicians who just disrespect people. Time to wake up. Desh bachao and support farmers.
Mr sudhir when khalistani lehar was in Punjab at that time also farmers were busy doing there kheti Bari so stop promoting nuisance and don't  dilute farmers sangarsh with this poison... Please dont instigate people what u say is interpreted in the wrong way by the masses. No one in punjab wants Khalistan.
Well done we have to support our farmers
This farmers protest was going way to far not looking like farmers protest but as dehli riots or Shaheen bagh
It is not farmers it is the opposition men who are protesting to start with and now this is all about politics great  SG
What an intelligent person that Indian correspondent lady was.....yes, key elections are coming next year in Punjab and UP and large number of Indian farmers are concentrated in this region..... We can say that the BJP are actually considering the farmers as a vote bank..... RIP POOR FARMERS 
There is an alternative analysis by DGP, who is not liked on this channel. It is as compelling and more informative, and shows PM Modi in a completely different light. Cf Land Acquisition Bill introduced by the Centre, but then adopted by the states. Similarly, the Farm Laws can be repealed by the Centre; most States will adopt them.
Actually it is Pakistan isi who defeated whole world forces in Afganistan by supporting taliban
Suggesting people to search for local farmers will definitely push pressure for both farmers and consumer. Alway control the controllable (which requires comparatively less effort)
i hope Pakistan-taliban break this mental slavery in Pakistan too!!
Why I am in very much okay with the bills is due to the attitude of the government and their idea is generally to introduce bills first and then see what problems they face and fix or amend them as soon as possible hence why GST is now stabilized. 
BJP supporters will sympathize with Modiji.
 As a non Indian and non Pakistani, I can safely say that this report is so biased But then again pretty much everything out of Indian media is biased or prejudice to some extent 
why farmers are not telling bads in the bill..and just wanted to took back it
Stand with our farmers .
they are middle maan not kisan any funded by outside india.
We can't feed 1.3 billion people only wheat and rice. Not only it will increase the income of farmers, but also make our food more Nutritious.
Yeah farmers watch parliamentary debates. They follow the political procedure and have knowledge of law making process.
Now the opposition will also not agree on the repeal of farm law because they wanted to poltiscise for their vote bank on the farm law.
Sher Shah Suri was the first ruler who introduced MSP in India , to save farmers from the  exploitation of money lender cum traders .
After a major role of agriculture in India's GDP it's time to make it minor like other fields by imposing this farm laws
Good information about farmer
the interest of the middlemen and brokers are supreme for scamgress. Poor farmers are sacrificed.
BJP gronank ka name per politics kar rahi hai up  election time thank BBC
We stand with farmers 
Godi media has to left their ego one day....
Only here we can see the truth, In India govt have purchased the media also, shame on Indian journalists,
Everything was great but you forget the scenario of private sector in India best exp- jio vs bsnl acc do that obviously apmc will vanish in future cz private player are very smart they are profit oriented even if farmers will face issue and they will play their cards when time comes
Life is life wherever it is farmer's life or BJP Work's...
Thanks  delhi citizens for supporting the farmers 
They are India farmers  and I support them...
BJP is very much capable of winning elections by hook or crock,but not listening to grievances of our farmers.
Greatest blunder commited by Modi jee by repealing three "Kisan Kanoon".
If farmers are in trouble then so are me and you
I'm the daughter of farmer,and I will support the farmers......
Farmer are not terrorist
I saw the statement of Dr. Gulati who is chief agriculture economist and he support the bill.
I AM FARMER OF SON AND I KNOW THIS LAW IS TOTALLY  DISSATISFIED
Power of  farmers unity
And the Govt. repealed the farm laws now
States had different rules & regulations 2buy food grains frm farmers. It was difficult 4corporates 2handle so many states with so many different regulations & taxes
Its like winning World Cup moments.  Congratulations to all our farmers.
Taliban come to Kashmir plz Khan zindabad love from Rajori Indian occupied Kashmir
When our (Tamil) farmers protested there - they were indifferent.
I am from a small village  I think this bill is also good for farmers 
By the way my Family does Farming in Singrauli district MP. We have 40 acres of land only 32 acres are arable. In most of the land Paddy and wheat are grown In Kharif Rice, Rabi wheat. More than 20 tonne rice and wheat each are grown 5% for self consumption othe is sold 40% by the MSP(rs19pkg) in Mandi because there is limit of few tonne per farmer We have account in name of 3 different family member. Other produce is sold to privates. at rs 17,18pkg. We earn about 7-8 lakhs rs per year from wheat and rice. We also grow Arahar, Urad, Til, Mustard, mostly for self consumption seasonal vegetables are grown in fields near house. Excess from these Can give us extra income of Rs. 1.5 lakhs. We also own 5 buffolow and 2 cow. Cow milk is used for self consumption. Buffolow milk is sold we get 2 lakh income from it.  there fodder is from husk and jowar Maize grown for them. About 14 lakh Income can be generated every year.
I really like Modi.....but bills was truly bad for state like Punjab in which 70% economy is dependent upon agriculture....
Students need to keep supporting farmers.
And show both Police's and Farmer's fault. !
Thank You Harp Farmer for great recording and Salute to you guys.
Instead of asking for so many things from the government, why not the farmers come together in their local panchayat levels and  replicate the successful model of milk unions like AMUL, for their local farm produce and become small enterprises themselves.
Can i use this words for a speech competition based on farmers/farmers bill 2020??
Do whatever u can farm bill will still be implemented
police beating farmers
        ?     (Mandi traders mostly those in Punjab & Haryana and brokers)     ,              ?
Farming and manufacturing two signs of prosperity...save farmers
Plz support this momvent !!! We need this spirit in every Indian!
Godi media shame on u
Modi has destroyed India.. a tea man can't know wt is farming..
We support the farmers protests
Its a crystal clear analysis Dr. Manish...! We need this new law  in the interest of our farmers...! Success story of south Gujarat co.operative sugar factories are living examples today, one of them Bardoli farmers co.operative sugar factory from small to largest sugar factory in Asia...! By the way City of BARDOLI known as a karmabhumi of Sardar Patel.....!
To answer Rihanna's question "why is no one talking about this": what the farmers are protesting is the lack of regulation and corporates with too much power. News media, whether CNN or FOX, are having a hard time framing it as "look at this problem that some third-world country has that would absolutely not happen in the glorious 'merica".  If they report on it, they risk the Americans suddenly realizing that they live in the same situation.
#No_farmers_No_food..pls stand with farmers
Policemen oppression and ignorance is at high level for farmers in this governance... May Allah protect our beloved people and beloved bharat from bad governance...
Are u guys really believe this every tractor have a one Indian flag and even though guys believe farmers are disrespect the India flag? No not at all farmers respect the Indian flag, now in the comment section so many so called educated people commenting on farmers  get life who commented on farmers ( the farmers are 100 and 1000 times than a politicians who looted and looting our country disrespecting the country Constitution) #Nofarmer #Nofood
Pro-farm law farmers should fight against anti-farm law Punjabis. Modiji works for you, you dont do anything for him.
These are not real farmers, drama bazi Kar rahey hai
all these issues were cleared by PM in his latest Speech with Farmers.
Salute to farmers
Ravi tripati's MIKE in KISAAN AANDOLAN verse BJP NETA  (gair se dekhe )
#FarmersBill #farmersprotestchallenge #GovernmentofIndia #IamWithFarmer #IamWithFarmers
Lots of respect for Modi ji... We believe you and stand strong in all your decisions 
What's sorely needed for India,is an level headed approach for whole of India,taking into account agro climatic conditions for varied regions,enabling the farmers yo produce more in their respective regions,at the same time ,India has a great chance of becoming a food bowl of the world,no other country is blessed with such a varied agro climatic conditions,coupled with hardworking population nd an more than 10000 years of agricultural practices 
Shame shame from myself we are facing trouble because of support modi,s reforms .
Visually, industry in India pre-91 looked as it was stuck in time with Soviet era machinery and look at it today. Hopefully, in 30 years agriculture will have advanced similarly. However, there will need to be land reform laws for farms to achieve economies of scale.
No farmer no food..#supportfarmers
Finally central government is defeated by farmers protest 
its against future of farmers... initially it will look nice but latter they will be exploited by industries if a fixed price by govt will not be implemented.....it needs modification keeping in mind no exploitations of farmers in future...
1. educate farmers at ground level 
3. Did any system created packaging mechanisms for poor farmers crop after purchase be transported without spoiling grown crop
#FarmLaws_InjusticeByModi
Great episode. Im having goosebumps looking at the determination of our farmers. Im at loss of words ..,, just gratitude & appreciation. 
passing the farming bill without vote, that was the biggest mistake BJB did
Look who is talking  he his supposed to be so called farmer leader  but now he his showing  true colours  his shop is closed he has no answer regarding nahid hasan  he look like sp spokesman
Farmers' rights should be the top priority of the government. But are the real farmers aware about the benefits of the new Farmers' Law  or they are just carried away the propaganda of people with self interest ?
By withdrawing the kisan bill, the government has put a question mark on its own credibility....the government should not have bowed down to anyone's pressure
USA small farmer got distorted. When private companies took over.
How the hell the Taliban order banning protester.. They taliban regime is not a legitimate govt of Afghanistan.. They don't have the legal rights to suppress human rights of afghan people.. So rise up afghan people they are not the leaders of your nation thar Afghani people choose and voted.. The world have not recognized this regime either.. Countries that symphatise to this terrorist regime are countries that harboring and promoting terrorism..
It's upto farmers from other states to demand continuation of the laws in a bigger way than those rich goondas of Punjab, who had a gala time at someone else's cost for a year.
Finally.... I understood the whole scene behind this farm bill and the protest... I'm soo glad I found your channel. Thank you so much sir...for explaining in such a great way
LONG LIVE YOGI JI
1) Subsidy in seeds, 2) Subsidy in fertilizers/Pesticides, 3) Subsidy in Electric, 4) Subsidy in Diesel 5) Loan waver. After all these also still MSP is required. A proper analysis needs to be done to see, actually without all these benefits how much a kg of Rice or Wheat will cost? For me it seems it may go beyond few hundred rupees. It is complete mismanagement and will not be sustainable in long run. In a country where 60% of population are into farming and it is completely mismanaged, then country will never progress. This is the easiest way for Pakistan and China to destabilize India and
These is not how strong they are? This is how talibanism is that night is shown by barbarians. Where civilians suffer. This talibanism of Sikh khalsa disguised as farmers must end or should be ended by every means by imposing law and order.
I am not quite sure if the govt actually bowed down to farmers and Sikhs or Khalistani and middlemen, hope it's the former
We are small farmer and we never stored farming products in our house we have to sale it immediately because if need money and lack of store facilities so wholesale and big business man can store goods for long time and they will sale it for high price  
And just throw that mentality outta ur head that only the farmers were killed ig more than farmers..the police and the innocent people were the one who died in majority..
Respect to our nation property and our country kisaan, save India ,
All farmers dues should be cleared in 2 weeks. this will boost the economy.
I hope that punjab haryana farmers are not being selfish, bcoz if government takes back the law, they surely will benefit from that but adtiyas will start exploitation all over again.
Farmers have done what opposition couldn't do these many years! Hats off!
1) this will reduce sucide of farmers
Modiji should not sacrifice the Peace of the Nation and 130 crore citizens of this country  for fattening the purse of a couple of Gujarati cronies !
Zee news should stop insulting farmers
One thing I would like to tell you is that during the 'Mandi' system there was no assurance of MSP and if you look at the rules and regulations, you will that MSP was never a legal mandate......however the current farmer's bill will enable corporates to exploit that loophole to great advantage
If the Farmers decided to stay poor, Let them be.. Who cares?? Let the status quo get maintained and people like Rakesh Tikait enjoy luxurious life 
These untoward incidents will be used by BJP to their advantage...any riot or form of riot in BJP ruled states have got them more votes...Gujarat is the best example...mire media exposure is counter productive...
I have been staunch supporter of farmers protests but this a very bad timing, please go back! don't be one more superspreaders.
Terrorists in face of farmers
2. If any dispute allow us to go to court currently in these laws it's written whatever dispute if arises only farmers can go to SDM. 
Nothing better than foreign media pronouncing modi
Farmers are backbone of the Indian economy
The farmers modified their tractors to use it as weapon! 'Patriotic' 'poor' 'farmers'...!
This is the best explanation I've come across for farm bills. Damn 
Anna ji app bhi politics kar rahe h please explain how this repealment of farm laws are helpfull to farmer's
India m jitne v protest hote hai chahe wo fake kisan andolan ho ya caa nrc protest ye sare protest hamare desh k dusman desho dwara karwaya jata hai. jayse Pakistan China 
Let those farmers in Punjab continue be in the  arm pits of Arihant s and their Mandis. Only time will teach them their folly. The other states including Bihar where tyres were burnt and Maharashtra where protests were triggered already have open markets and private direct sellings markets functioning.  
I'm Indian and I'm ashamed of the Yindian govt making farmers living hard. As an American politician once said "A beautiful Sigh To Behold"
From Day 1 he was diverting the protest in different direction, Since protesters came to delhi. First he said we are not prepared we need to go back and need to come later for protest with better preparations. Then his allegations on Farmer leaders, now a day before the 26 jan he took whole stage under control and provoked protesters to go to Red fort. 
Women farmers contribute 50% at the farm.
Godi media and their script ram ji bless them
A supreme court panel member too has said that by doing so PM Modi kept politics above than farmer's welfare. Anyway, if the protests end right now, Tikait's political ambitions will collapse.
I greatly respect farmer's but people faced behind mask who came to destroy peaceful protest must be arrested. Shame on them who want to bring India down.#eternalfarmers
Pakistani leaders have netted billions from the Afghan war and all are stashed in western cities.
sikh  and all in kisaan protest ekta hi  mein  jeet hai kisaan union kisaan ekta and kisaan community zindabad  zindabad  my prayers be with you always  all who coming  forward to support the kisaan protest may God will won us in kisaan protest  love bharat Indian kisaan
BJP lost credibility. Morya ji aap BJP ka manifesto bhi yad our US per vichar rakhate to achha hota..SP WIN ELECTION COMFORTABLE. JAI JAWAN JAI KISHAN.
Modi is YOGI super power full hero up mein per Yogi Adityanat Cm hi bane ge Jai Shree Ram 
Government really should do something about the farmers.. They are the Root Of the Country... But in this protest Lots of Khalistani  Terrorists are included and they are misleading poor farmers ..Darty politics and propaganda 
This is also truth which godi media will not cover
Wouldn't it be karma all the way around if the farmers stop their produce from going into Delhi . Modi  on his dinning table"meri  sabji kidar hay"
Question still remains....whether farmers will make money or not?
First of all nowdays in india all news channel or youtube channel covering news in a particular point of view like pro modi or anti modi.
Shame on you ZEE media for showing this video in favour of state government.
It's Duty of PUBLIC ...To help FARMERs.... not GOVERNMENT 
And shame on fake farmers
I condemn govt action on honest Farmers, shame on the govt.
Maximum damage has been done to farmers. There was no way for the govt.  No proper debate or discussion in parliament.  A great victory for the farmers. Their will power must be appreciated. At last BJP scared to face the forthcoming elections.  The PM could have talk to the farmers directly, but he was adamant and arrogant on his decisions.
AIM is quite hurried in his analysis. The changes these farm laws unfurled are here to stay. Farmers have tasted free market prices and wont back down. His listening stopped at "laws being repealed", and missed out on "zero budget farming". This will reduce dependence on fertilizers and more. Take a breath and listen to Modi again. Who is hurting more with fertilizer overuse? Who is losing money by not selling in marketplace? Whose health will improve with zero budget farming practices? Punjab. Farmers all around will continue to benefit with reforms but there's more at play. Bottom line farmers will continue increasing their income and other issues will be dealt with. So breathe in and breathe out.
Many point have been ignored from farmer and labour.... Who already left the protest....
Mr Reddy is the definition of how a BJP "andh bakth" should behave, one reason why people shouldn't believe the govt is the way this bill got passed in the parliament, !!!!
No one else dares to touch farm reforms. Opp won and farmers lost
Comment section full of modiphobes... Areh bill toh parlo pehle..  This will only hurt the middlemen and immensely help the farmers
The one major incorrect fact being pushed in this video is placing the blame on the green revolution. It literally saved India from starvation
You could not say one point against the new Farm bills.
Support farmers #ourfarmers #ourindianfarmers
From any point of view they are not seems as farmer
Hope all hindu and sardar wake up and go for betterment of india .  And all including my farmer. .
I support my country farmers who provide food to us and stand with them in their protest.
Though Government motive was good..but there approach failed...cz the bill was introduced without discussion in parliament...when there is a procedure given..even govt should process according to Indian Constitution...!!
... what can I comment? Whats this ? How can they just run on them? Huh . We are eating because of farmers. We are living because of them. Whats this?
Farmers ensured country doesn't die of hunger..nehi toh jis rate se keemat bar rhi hai cizo ka Maggie v 80rs hota,tea v 50rs hota
APMC fees (8.5%) doesnt get deducted from farmers income. Its being paid by buyer (FCI) on top of crops bill
When will Delhi police who were brutally beating farmers be punished?
Now happy farmers, goons bangayaa, leave farming, go and join decoit groups first
Mein bhi farmer family se hu bhai...ghar aur gaav me sab khush hai iss bill ko leke bass mandi mafiya aur party worker khush nhi hai isliye flag ke sath protest ho rahe hai...kisan protest nhi kar rha 
One year of convincing farmers was nor enuf? Press were friendly
Dear Shekhar Gupta ji, for your kind information, farmers can sell its produce in any APMC Mandi in Panjab, there is no restriction in the state for selling in any APMC mandis. Pls dont spread wrong information. You are following Ms Ila Patnaik but many Agriculture scientists and  economists dont support these farm Bill.
U all people are not supporting to kisan. 
Modis ego shattered and Sanyukt Kissan morcha, farmers-labourers won !
Modi government is treating Farmer as terrorist
The government would have anyway passed the laws bcoz they have a clear majority. Laws are Constitutional and you can't question that. You seem more concerned about the people of APMCs than farmers. Yes some ammendments are necessary as you said about the settlement of disputes but you can't reject the laws by putting your narrative .
This movement won't have been a success without you and the way you've given your honest and daring support.... So you equally share the success with our farmers.... Thanks for being present always without being physically present here and still standing firm against the godi media...  Thank you sir !!! 
Farmers are for their right.  ...
Why dont you show the crushing of farmer by car
they are not farmers, they are the chamcha's of Congress
These are not Farmers protesting.. these are the middle men losing their share .. also supported by opposition and retired and tired politicians who have now admitted they cant beat Modi democratically are trying their ill luck
Thanks a lot, so this Bill is so beneficial for Farmers!! Then these protest are actually Traders in the name of Farmers!
This place they use as camping holiday sites. This is not a farmer protest this is politics.
They deserve rights and freedom and support. We thank farmers for the food on our plate,  for our daily bread.
Just go and meet Hardworking farmers Mr Manish and understand the facts than talk. Sitting in AC studio how u can understand their problem. I respect u, but today u  change it. Never forget -   Jai Jawan Jai Kissan  !
Kisan 500 the aur bjp ke 2 vechile the kya gundagardi hai
MSP is a big problem. The MSP creates artificial demand, to fulfill these farmers produce MSP corps in more than required quantities, this will also lead to storage problem which Food corporation of india is facing, not only that to produce more farmers use water more than required, this will to ground water depletion if this continues Punjab might become desert in 20 years.
big win for farmers !
Mismatch of Supply and demand will be reduced. Since farmers will produce per negotiated contract. Over production of agricultural produce will be minimised.
Opposition party se pucho jo ish fesle se sadme main aa gai kyuki pure election ka sirf ek hi topic tha woh bhi khtam kar diya  BJP ne 
Article 371 needed in Northeast I think. One Nation equallity to everyone. Excess chamchagiri is ingerious to Godi media. Public hai sab Know everything bhi bas kar.
Very informative. Cleared lot of doubts and improved my awareness towards new farm laws and the way our system works. Seriously need a big revolution now. But unfortunately the political system doesnt have the will to improve the lives of our farmers
Sir as a nationalist, desh bhakth I am very disappointed. I have defended farm bills even against my friends & relatives.
It's only for upcoming election when bjp will win the election then all Bill's will reapply and petrol price will cross 150or maybe 200
C.M Khattar is correct if we farmers were his then he should not have acted against us. C.M is acting in favour of corporates
Dear Shekar, No one,  including yourself,  has anticipated the protracted protests of the farmers.  Everyone got it wrong.
After all media circus this is the most logical video I have seen yet. Being a part time farmer I support farmers but not all APMCs .
We should sport farmersn 
What's compulsion now, don't care when farmers are in minus 20 degrees, just conclusion that elections are important.
I recommend to watch IAS drishti channel get complete understanding of these law.As far I understand our agriculture need these law,yes it's not completely flawless many things need to change as per farmers need.
Ego of BJP is the main problem, they themselves accepted that the laws were not good, and should have been modified, but were adamant to not do so
Yes she rightly said job loss of commission Agents then it should be protest of commission agents. Everyone needs Pvt school for their children, Pvt cabs for Travel and prefer pvt other thing but when comes to Farmers some of people wants to protect own rights and saying farmer protest. Even this videos is not covering all aspect like corruption of FCI and wastage of grains and selling it as scrap for liquor. Bahoot corruption hai bhai.
Farmers have lost their growth potential
Disagree with your point number 1: Farm laws are good... such a big change has to be evaluated and intention and expected impacts needs to be considered and proved (maybe in one state) to really show they are good. No one can deny that BJP has brought these laws with shady intentions (why use ordinance and looks at rajay Sabha vote) and farmers concerns are valid (intention). its no different than looking at demonetization and saying its very good and look where it got us.
Farmer Bills are beneficial for poor farmers. Only "mafia kind of farmers" are at loss so they are jittery.
Manish ji, analysis is good. Make this video reach to the farmers and villages.
Aaj Tak Always Support Bjp
I support the farmers' protests. May God bless these farmers.
There was no discussion abt why farmers are calling out strikes... seems biased.... The clarity with which negatives of APMC act was explained somehow disappeared when it came to the new laws that lotta a farms are pissed about
Center and state government please stop hurting farmers.
I feel like laughing  for Punjab election the farm law is repealed!!!!
Braving the cold , the heat, the rains, the police, the media, the covid... these farmers are replicas of himalayas itself, "you can't just cross me".
I support the bill  from west Bengel farmar
Greetings to all our valuable farmers"
For the first time in their 6 years of governing the country with absolute power, the BJP has shown a little bit of concern.  The truth, IMO, is that this protest is successful largely because of the Sikhs.  They come together well as a community and with other Indians, they are hardworking, freedom loving, well disciplined soldiers loyal to their cause, and typically loyal to their nation.   I take pride in them being my fellow countrymen.  My salute to them!   I remain an admiring South Indian.
I am with  farmers
And a few hours later his ministers said they can consider bringing in the laws at a later date. Shows two faced nature of Modi BJP.
This is a great loss for true farmers
Appreciate your clear analyses. Some points you have raised are hypothetical and for possible concern by farmers. However the farmers should have listed these issues clearly on the table when discussing in 11 meetings with the Government. They also failed to cooperate with the Supreme Court setup committee. You may have a clear picture but the farmers Union does not. Secondly what really happens in future is unknown. If there is an issue it can be subsequently corrected. As I see it it will definitely bring better income to farmers. My farmer relation is very happy that the middlemen who took 2.5% commission in the past has been eliminated with the new laws. Since the farmers do not pay taxes on their produce this income is a major contributer to black money. The new laws will control the flow of funds because all goes direct into farmers bank account. There is more but I think this issue is so politicalized it benefits the opposition parties who are fighting for survival and therefore will keep this issue alive for sometime.
They are not farmers..... Call them terrorist
Watch with 2X speed, tej bolo modiji etna time nhi hai
Nothing Will Works For Farmers ( Specially Small Farmers)
Very soon bjp will portray how d farmers' plight during d ongoing protests melted modi's heart and he is for farmers...it cell will call modi d messiah of farmers with various hashtags and as usual, common man/woman will fall for it...
People commenting on "How Noah should research about the bills completely". Are these guys new to his channel? This is the same Trevor Noah who's a stand up comedian. The same Noah whose intellectual ability to portray political scenarios of different countries was applauded. He is a man who runs a daily show and has to make sure that all the facts he states are true, well researched and unbiased. If his thoughts and speech don't match yours, don't blame him. The problem here is that Half the population in India who knows nothing about farming are against farmers just because they support the bill. I wonder what their reaction would be if they were in the shoes of those farmers who are protesting. Patience can only hold true if what you are fighting for is for the right.
I also support farmers but always feels weird when nobody talks about the labourers here in punjab a farmer earns around one lakh from 2 hectares of land annually and the labourers who plant paddy get 300 per day 
The fact is simple. The real people of India who have benefitted hugely from Mr. Modis policies will vote for him in 2024. Thats every household that got bijli, a toilet, cooking gas. 
rakesh dakait took money from canada, china and pakistan..uske khilaaf kai saari FIR darj honi chahiye ..declare shoot at sight of these modern day terrorists 
The farm laws is simple, government is trying to make 1  or some private entity or person extremely rich at the expense of millions of farmers or let it be equally farmers guaranteed a minimum income with nobody rich
Waiting for your next video eagerly on farmer's protest 
India has high spiritual values and does not have to take lessons from USA,Russia, China or Pakistan.
Kuchh cheeje glt bhi hongi but ye price before farming jyada hd tk mujhe thek lgi.
All culprits including Rakesh  Tiket should sue lroperly.
Does that Second bill mean that before farmers couldnt sell their goods outside their states? And this bill just enabled them to it?
Talking about Modi Ji's Govt, then this is the govt who had looked into all matters.
We can only hope for something better to come...but it wasn't fair to repeal the 3 farm laws...on the demands of the few...
Read in your own regional language along with English the farm bill.
2 The Concerns Of Farmers were Logical Too 
- MSP that Punjab, Hariyana farmers enjoys are not available across India. Why?
*Farmers want high prices (producers)*
On one side the guy who literally crushed the innocent farmers is roaming freely. While such Powerful leaders, who are trying to raise their voice are treated like Criminals in so called *BJP Raj*
It is NOT about farmers..it is about anti-PRIVATIZATION of local  agri businesses for survival of local logistics jobs - cleaning grain.. transportation, storage, distribution...  flour making, roti making factories... alcohol industries, fears of collapse of Mandi businesses.
This year is farmers republic Day..
We are farmers 
Modi planing for UP election.
These people are dalars and agents not farmers..
New bill is good for agricultural growth..... No worries... People of  political opponents creating mayhem.... To locate lay-farming into trouble..... people like Dmk, Tmc,SAD are yielding.... To political advantage..... Very good bill for Reform.....it good for Indian agriculture.... I am Agriculturist....in Pollachi, Coimbatore
Why are you not talking about these framers killing 5 BJP supporters and an innocent driver?
Thank  you Sir for your comments on 3 new law on agriculture products. But as an economist I could have liked it as simple explanation of acts,its good and bad  aspects instead of going to history and  systems in past.English is known to very few.It should have been in hindi for farmers.
We totally believe in you modi ji god bless you
I don't understand why the Middleman give less amount to farmer even though MSP is fixed by Govt? Isn't this a open corruption?
3. If MSP was developed targeted at Punjab and Haryana, should the farmers there not be consulted when Govt is trying to mess with that?
Modis whole political life has revolved around protests , killings, communal violence and hate. We the people of india dont need gujrat development model to be forceful applied on whole of india. Modi should take this lesson and modify his dictatorial thoughts
Effect of flood and drought on agricultural produce which is a cause of suicide of farmers.
Hariana is not separate country.why they are blocking March of farmers for their grevience
Good explanation. What is your suggestion Mr.Amit?? I think its good if you could give some suggestions/ options for all, the government , farmers, the damn politicians and by-standers like us to ponder. Thank you Sir.
These farmers attacked police by cutting their hand
I support the farm bills 
the farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab and Haryana  there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers.  in Punjab and Haryana, the farmers are not only from from jatt caste or sikhs, there are also pundits, Brahmins , and dogar farmers in Punjab.  Farmers feed the nation.Big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Ebany,  Adnany , these big companies are  controlling Modi. These bills are designed to   make  each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmer will have no option to sell to another buyer due to lack of logistics and lack  resources , and  the big companies have the logistics and they  will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and  export to other countries. This  will cause  food shortage in India,because big companies will  able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the  business tycoons, and big companies. The GTS is hurting the small shops, small factories, Modi needs to be removed from his throne...
Thank you modiji for opening our eyes.
Finally Kisan got Victory 
The ego of this man gonna ruin the life of  a  poor farmer
As far as the decision is concerned, I think the PM repelled it more because of the upcoming elections rather than farmer's trouble and concerns.
SG sang the typical tune of godi media 
Tikayat has reached such a stage  where he is ready to say that his children are children of his villagers ,he doesn't  know how many children he has, he may tell that he doesn't  believe the present children are his ,if they are let it come from lab test from USA ,he may say that because of farmers agitation he has not been able to see his children so his children should be made IAS and each should get compensation of 500 lakhs each .let adharcard and death certificate of 600 deaths be verified .same is applicable for rahul and nawab mallik
and thus a system has build over time which profits Few like Middleman and Rich Farmers( Who are farmers as they own huge Land, but in reality they employ thousands of small laborer in their fields every harvesting season) but not who owns small land and few cattle.  Those who owns agricultural land do not have to pay taxes thus buying agricultural land and employing labor at a lowest wages is a system in place which has kept many people stuck in deep poverty.
If reforms do not come to agriculture space and Punjab then our agriculture  is going down the drain. And in terms of Punjab there will not be any ground water left in 10 years if current practices are not changes . Shame on these farm protest leaders
Even if the flag wasn't "replaced", how come it's a religious flag? Not all farmers are sikh.
Farmers should feel ashamed after doing this kind of act
After suffering for the last 1 year travelling from Tikri Border to Gurugram I now feel ditched by farm bill repeal.
OK with your reasoning for Bihar. But does the less market price led to the change in cropping pattern in Bihar? And does that helped Bihar's farmer monetorly?
Ungrateful Punjab Non farmer agitation in Delhi is a political gimmick. No farmer need today free. Real Farmers are "Khuddaar". Original farmers need the correct price for their product, protection from Natural calamities, protection from insects etc. All Govt are wasting money for free money giving to farmers. Even GOD can satisfy farmers how can a politician satisfy??
Listen to the farmers. They know the earth. They know the truth.
If these people had the wherewithal to differentiate between what's sensible and what isn't, they would not be "poor" farmers. The fact that anyone is supporting these protests is a reflection of their political leanings. Nothing to do with the policies themselves, but who implemented the policies. Protest and die of covid. That is the fate you have chosen.
They are not real Kishan (farmer ) only for Khalistan pupils or Congress Waste
We're with farmers
Shame for the nation. Resolve farmers Bill.
My prayers with you dear all. Your protest is genuine. O god give them full  strength, good health and off course my wish is that each and every farmer of india, join you all in your protest.
I thank Vice for their journalism, unfortunately most of the Indians dont like it when media criticizes Indian government so they are going to blame Vice News as fake news propaganda.
Thank you for reporting and showing the real side of the protest and the strength of the farmers . Grateful to you for being so genuine, not posting any fake stories and showing the unity of our people.
When the pm is uneducated and farmers are educated
Same way Modi will say SORRY again on 370.. Loot India Gujju model want Kashmir not Kashmiris..
Great explanation. But majority of farmers in india are small farm owners. They have no bargaining power against reliance and the big private players. Before long the private companies will own all the farm land instead of bargaining with small-time farmers.
Rakesh tikait a real problems solving leader
Long live farmers unity! WE WON
The lady is trying to defame the farmers.
Haryana Zindabad. National integration ho raha hai.this is our true Hindustan.
India to Taliban. " We are not impressed "
Farmer's Will Realize Their Loss Soon...
I feel some uneasiness and sadness that, sometimes, govt. laws are fiercely opposed by some citizens. May both the protestors and govt. officials find some amicable solutions for mutual concerns - Fair And Square for farmers and officials.
The truth about andolan is , 3rd series of caa protest,Shahin baug, till the time pappu don't get pm chair, it will continue to do so, these protesters are same ,these people stay behind ladies in Shahin baug, behind students in JNU, and this time chosen farmers shoulder to shoot at Modi ji, congress really harrassing citizens of India  taking shelter of ladies, farmers, students
An inefficient system is a breeding ground for cockroaches. Unfortunately, in India Cockroaches hold the most power. Questions must be asked if only Punjab and Haryana could have been left out of the reforms.
police force farmers
Farmers are fighting for us
You are absolutely correct.. If these laws didn't repeal the prices of our daily use items  will increase 30-45% with in 6mmonth and it will not come down. Middle class family will affect more than farmers due to these laws.
Government is waiting for farmers protest to lose support of people. People support government, because they enjoy such managed facilities. People supported farmers because of BS emotional drama of jai jawan jai kisan. We've always been bad with such nursery rhymes. Remember Hindi chini bhai bhai? Hahaha.
give 700 death farmers family 1crore rupees  each and 1 acher forming land.
No this is not justified!! Farmers have no right to do this especially on Republic day!!
But farmers are NATIONALIST 
If you want to do something for farmers make MSP(Minimum Support Price)  legal in law. Don't make fool by 3 law.
Sir, You should have said sorry before hundreds of farmers died.
Mahatma Ji....Kindly be the guest of the farmers at any of the protest sites
How dad ....Govt of the Corporate  By the corporate and Always for the corporates.....Mathis  is happening in India...we need leaders like this at least to support them and courage them...we need our secular democratic India back...stop buying and selling politics.....
Iam south indian name Evan sivan decided to support farmers my real name vaishnavi
They're not farmers it's pre-planned action, strict action against culprits
Yogi is better than Modi that I feel now.
A middle ground needs to be found, I love my sikh brothers and Punjabis and farmers. A middle ground where govt policy and farmers interest both should be taken care of
My Family From UP is on Farmers Protest at Delhi Border & it hit hard when someone say only Punjab is at protest
The farmers already have choices to sell thier goods to whomever they want... Only thing is that corporates wanted some legal documentation for them.. Thats why Modi government didn't even consult the farmers.. Only consulted corporations... Don't share this video....  Misleading..
Majority of "Farmers" work on less than 2 acres. LOL. So they are like hobby gardeners. Do they know word efficiency?
mentioned in the farming agreement itself, and in case, such price is subject to variation,
Also, I love the color of the SUV the "poor farmers" are driving? Mast!!!!
Tell me only one thing! Just one!  What and why in the world, Punjabi "farmers" were doing and protesting on Cowbelt UP soil?!
There are ofcourse flaws in the existing infrastructure and farmers have been suffering, but i guess you forgot to mention, how these 3 new farm bills are going to worsen their situation. Dont play smart!
Now that the anti Pakistani terrorists like TTP, DAESH, ISIS, BLA which were funded, trained & coordinated by Indian consulates  are having sleepless nights. 
These 3 laws are for betterment of farmers & some political parties and groups taking advantage of this protest.
My dream is to unite farmers for making many more entrepreneurial ideas like amul
Again  loans  will be waived, again more subsidies from tax payers money, again farmers suicide. How can India develop.
Government is spending taxpayer money to pay MSP price for paddy and wheat but our farmers doesnt want change crops patterns. Which is completely unacceptable. 
This channal is supporting to BJP.
" Why Only Punjab+Haryana and UP farmers were vocal against the laws, while other major state farmers were unaffected? "
@Scoophoop Unscripted  Then how to solve the problem of govt buying grains at Rs 18 from farmers and selling at Rs 5 in the ration shops on which 80 crores India depend
10:10 the farmer r NOT adamant the govt is adamant.
Can you imagine that entire traffic flow which used to travel through highways is now using narrow village roads which are now muddy and filled with pot holes, travelling 10's of extra kilometers and wasting 3-4 hours daily? Do you know where these protestors throw up their garbage, urinate etc. ? They do it on highway, they've created open drains besides their tents and it floats all over the roads, can you imagine that horrible smell and dirtness? Can you imagine what College Students like me, daily commuters and workers go through every single day because of all this? Every 200 meters you'll see posters of Nri's, Uk, Canada etc. Based funding organizations. There are even tents that have clearly written 'U.K Aid' on it. These so called farmers after evening enter the adjoining roads and areas near society appartments on their tractor with speakers, they're druken. It's a total mess and ruckus. 
Where is farmer protest ? 
Farmers should resist this law.
Kudos to Our Farmers.... Finally we won... ...Tight slap to andhbhakts...There Papa slayed them in seconds ...RIP Andhbhakts 
Tikait chor h or kishan Aandolan
So these all farmers and people are stupid? Who are protesting.
I'm from Kerala here there is very less farmers and farm land still 100 and 100 of CPIM member are going to Delhi to protest. And I even seen one CPIM leader in TV by wearing jatt towel on the head
Who will pay for more then 700  Shahid kisan ?? Has you any answer mr. Modi
KALKA SHIMLA HIGHWAY BLOCKED DUE TO FARMER PROTEST...WHAT ABOUT THE SAFETY OF WOMAN..THOSE ARE MIDDLE OF THE Highway...WHY MEDIA NOT COVERING IT...
The man who is speaking is from swaraj india whose editor in chief is yogendra yadav (this man knows everything like something he becomes economicst, doing election analysis, is now became farmer from last 2 nd half months), who is the culprit behind this so called peaceful protest.
educated young generationjust do not know how an average small farmer survive 
Great reporting. Keep covering farmer protests
The one who cant respect farmers, cant respect other citizens too..
Country is not only of punjab and haryana! This law was beneficial for poor  farmers in up and bihar and all other states.
Indian government in defaming farmers
There  are farmers who are old age ths is not the way to throw water on them
Everybody is gangsta until indian tractors arrived 
Per Indian express apna kam thik se nehi kar raha, 1% IQ nehi he kyaa Indian express news walo ke andar, Na UP election hota na law hataya jata
Hey, Indian people have you now realised why you shouldn't have voted for Modi?
Which this gov is continuously lacking. Passing the bill without any discussions created a negative impact on the farmers and this benefit was enjoyed by the middle men
It is early to comment anything, things will be amended as time will go, currently contract farming is good option, there after is govt will amend as per farmer requirement. Hope so
Sedition case against farmers??incredible India. This is like we are under colonial rule. What the he'll?  Time to teach this govt.a lesson.
OMG ! Pardon me for voting BJP in the last elections on the behest of Badal Dal.
The tragedy of a democracy is that any political party can play games with the sentiments of the electorate and fiddle lies for narrow political wins. Although democracy is still the best form of governance, maybe we need changes to the structure now. I imagine sometimes, how India would have done if had followed a model like South Korea or Singapore. We talk about Pakistan because they had failed miserably but South Korea and Singapore had pretty authoritarian rulers
Dont act like fools and state ideal conditions that this law will do this and that. Go and visit the farmers and ask them about their experiences. I belong to agrarian family and weve had these discussions since forever. You are very stupidly analysing this whole situation. The farmers on raods have been farming all their lives and know very well about their profession. Imagine them passing you knowledge about journalism and its laws . It will be completely foolish . I hope you read this comment and re think about your stance on this matter. Whatever laws are to be passed should be framed after proper consultation with the farmer bodies who are expert on this issue as you are in journalism.
Rakesh Tikait zindabad. Jai jawan jai kisan. This anchors is trying his best to please his masters. Chatukaar pattalkaar.
Contrary to what is claimed in this video, farmers were allowed to sell outside APMC to private manufacturers. Thats how we have been getting products sold by Dabur, Patanjali, packaged chips, lemon drinks etc. Such a basic fact is wrong in the video and so many people now feel they understand the issue.
This sets a wrong precedent that government can be forced to repeal it's laws by having never ending protests...it motivates the other non state actors outside of India to interfere in our matters and give push to 4th gen war
Always loveable...I am a child of a farmer. It is not a farmer protest.I am against this violence . No religion..no protest and nobody should have right to damage my nation
LOL to the killer of 700 farmers....
I have a problem with some people of country . I donot whether these people are real on twitter or bots . But they utter against  the subsidies and facilities given to farmers . Unko bolna chahunga bhaiya itna kyu hate hai aapme . Kabhi khet mei kaam krke dekho na . Bhot bda desh hai bhot mantri free salary le rhe hai desh mai bhot bure kaam krke unke khilaaf toh jubaan nhi khulti .kyu? Aam insaan ka saath dena hi aapka dharm hai. Powerful logo ka support to sabhi kr lete hai.
MSP is still there for the farmers. The government has said this time and time again. MSP is still applicable. It's just that the farmers have been given a choice to either sell their produce through corporate channel only if they want too. It's their choice. How can one corporate take their land away. The level of misguidement of these poor farmers is next level.
The seasonal spikes in the prices of onions and vegetables have had a causal link to the hoardings noticed during various state elections. A viewpoint that can be seen echoing on the social media is that the laws bode ill not just for the farmers but also for the consumers, the aam janta who will have to buy food at the prices that the big corporates decide to charge since they have the capacity to store the stock for very long and create shortage in the market. They will be legally allowed to hoard food grains and other stuff.
We Support You Farmers#Love From Kashmir 
"More than Indian farmers commit suicide every year"... and the govt is working, even fighting, to increase that number. You deserve better. Solidarity from Ohio
The repair cost should be recovered from the so called farmers
Farmers in future - we need development and reform in farming 
Why No Discussion on floor of House.. 700 farmers Died in Delhi agitation.
Tday our 15 farmers from punjab were crushed under vehicle of BJP ministers son 
Hats off to 700 farmers who lost their lives fighting 3 discriminatory fram laws made by BJP govt
Well done victory to the Taliban
7.38 - Middle men move farm produce around so that farmers get a fair price - LoL.
It was really a great lecture on economics along with proper explanation of the farmers' issues. Thank you ScoopWhoop !
Cool I feel great relief that Afghanistan has still energy left against Taliban ,  India is with you world is with you .
What kind of human being are those who lathicharge farmers. May GOD bring them to justice.
Farmers have right to protest... Sing is King....support from Kerala.... Jai javan jai kisan.....
I feel the title is wrong! Modiji will have peaceful sleep when people are in distress! BJP came to power only on riots, burning of trains and distruction of buildings. It has grown from violence and lynchings. He will be happy when there is unrest among people!
I am not a farmer.  Your explanation about these three bills are extraordinary. A big Thank you for your sincere effort to understand the scenario more clearly.
Sikhs r innocent sons of lahore , Multan and Kabul. Sikhism is nothing but love .Superpower Great KHALISTAN is innocent wish of innocent nation. Taliban and Khalistan both r reality of  
You won billions of hearts Love You Farmers .
Me and my other friends are doing study in overseas and stuck here because of Covid otherwise we would have joined them too. #FarmersProtest . We are well aware of these laws and know how they gonna impact or lands please do support if you are a good human being thank you
..they refused police order...so they doing his duty..they are not farmers .. because there leader Doing his interview in car why he isn't coming in told plaza ..good job police.
3. Rapes in farmer tents
Farmers proves they beat goverment . Win new Delhi.... Rise there falg on new Delhi.. Wait soon sikh makes there own country khalistan
We could see protest against the law, but no support countering these protests. In India, mostly we see protests by those with an ulterior motive. We Indians are too busy with our own lives. Our patriotism is limited to cricket matches and places where patriotic songs are played.
1. Considering the current sample is from a single state, how does other farmers feel about the laws
Don't mess with farmers n soldiers!
Modiji, have you not heard the adage, Vinash kale Vipareet buddhi
Aur Punjab main already contract farming chal rhi h, Kerala mai masalo ki contract farming chal rhi h. Phir desh level par contract farming ka virodh kyu??
Ignoring the fact that farm law protests was funded by foreign Khalistani groups is foolish to say the least. We ask know how the riot was positioned in Sikh groups.
So Punjab and Haryana Farmers keep producing these resource intensive crops like paddy, sugarcane.. Sell all to government. Government exchequer bears all brunt.. Ultimately the common tax payers. With private sector money flow, technical expertise and demand they can start growing high yield crops, benefit themselves and the companies. So basically Haryana and Punjab farmers want things to stay as it is as they fill up the FCI quota. Hmmpf!
Some Indians are think Justin Trudeau is support khalistan movement  but this is not true because not only khalistan movement  active in India and more then eleven sepratiest movements are active in India like movement of Christians in nagaland in India, Asam, manipur etc
This decision of repealing of farmer laws again proves that:
Farm Bills should not be implemented. These are against farmers. Boycott farmer bill
Sudhir , Shambhu Border v ek hai Pakistan and India ka interstate Border point hai .
As for farm laws, more vetting is indeed required, but regulation can also be brought on in increments by state or center, as and when needed. Making conclusions right away without presenting any strong rationale or even giving any space to people supporting these laws, would not help improve/ vet these reforms or help those farmers which need it the most.
750 farmers died ...Then bjp react
Farmers are working on fields ye dalle hain sb
Those who support Taliban should be sent to Afghanistan 
This decision gives the government an opportunity to refine these three laws, and address those concerns raised by these farmers. We will definitely see new and better laws coming.
global security Bill in India
What about the pollution in Delhi...Its because of the farmers...Supreme court has asked them not to burn it but they still do...If a corporation owns the land government can fine the company,which is not possible with individual farmers
3 farm bills r  structural reforms which seldomly happen in our country. If govt buckles under the pressure of protests.These reforms will never come to light again.
One of the best vedio much respect to the Sikh community n farmers well done Manmeet n  karan ..god bless
This came a little late just before elections. Remember that if Sardars can fight oppressive Mughals then they will also fight oppressive BJP.  A government must listen to the people's voice always.
Bjp murdabad.  Chor modi red to resign his post
#supportfarmers please
Why police are bothering farmers.
Gadkariji roads building ,for the progress of our India and not for misuse of beautiful roads . Why sensitivity of people has gone in wrong direction? Road tax frame should be changed . Kisan aandolan  - misuse of govt. property?   Gadkariji  can u do something ?  Wonderful road .
Modi is the true hero of India , he has awakened whole India with his circus govt...now public is more aware of the govt and it's dirty ways! Modi ji ur the true hero
Bjp is finishing our country farmers
We farmers from South India are extremely happy by the decision of the government..
Why pm modi ji apologize for these people?
Himachal pradesh me Apple season chala hai. So hp farmer's are very busy..
Farmers are right..
Thank you so much Ravish Sir for supporting our farmers 
Concession and benefits of agriculture should be given to only small farmers those income below 5 lakhs per annum. All rich farmers having income more than 5 lakhs to be included in tax scanner. And progressive tax to be charged. 
if our government condemn taliban now our people who are stuck in afg will be in trouble,,,,what is kind rubbish argument ur presenting.
We r eating because of farmers
Why she did not ask him how he afforded 10lakh suit and expensive adani jets when he call himself a fakir.....and if she is so sensitive than she should also see godra kaand when she see modi.....and i dont understand when do they ask any politician about their property on national television....takait should file a complaint against her.....bhole bhale kisan naal kuttpuna karde ne
This bill would affect farmers' lives the most yet they weren't allowed to have a say in it....
Farmers cannot do it, political party are non violent therefore today it was proved that it's Khalistan and anti-national rally
LMAO. Now Punjab is open for the BJP. And Congress doesn't have material, surprised Pikachu faces..
There were agitation only in 2 states but the rest of India  shall pay price for same. Really unfortunate.
New history made by kissan & Modi. Ye wala protest ko Indian history me likha jana chahiye. 
So both farmers and govt are right and wrong in their own place, there are disadvantages as well as advantages to this bill. Discussions should be done to remove the disadvantages once and for all rather than making it political issue. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Jai Hind
This need to be heard by Indian government. Modi govt. working for coporates Ambani and Adani
You Sir are learned and know very well the irrigation demand of rice and wheat. If you artificially keep the prices of these commodities high, the repercussions will be felt in the coming years. High prices of these commodities will act as a deterrent for the farmers to rotate the crop cycle and you very well know sir how thirsty paddy and wheat crops are. It not only endangers our economy but also the ecosystem.
I am not sure how much BJP or Modi is going to benefit politically  . But I am worried about how some vested interest going to take advantage by funded agetitatation and held government to ransom. Like article 370 ,caa law .
4. Why the farmers are not allowed to go to court in case of disputes? Whether they can afford is a different question. In case of serious and mass exploitations, farmers can group together and try to go to court. But limiting them to DMs level is too much autocracy - esp. the kind of DMs who say 'break their heads'...... you should know in case of dispute they will take money from Jio and give resolution only in favor of Jio .... forget justice ....
india will support northern alliance
This protest has now turned into a political entity. Many people like the leader of this protest Mr tikait are just using this protest to fuel their political motives for the next election. Also these people warned for a civil war. What kind of protest is this? That's why it is important to break the protest.
Farmers have better knowledge of what's right and wrong for them.... Bjp Government needs to stop forcing laws up their throat... Bjp is just a political party today in Power tomorrow Won't be... you don't own the Farmers bjp
Farmer : tell me only 2
I am always with our honourable Prime Minister Modi Ji.....
I can clearly see the impact of godi media
The protesters are challenging Prime Minister Narendra Modi over his efforts to reshape farming in India.
godi media we will rule this country soon this country belongs to kisaan and someone frm everyone of us is still a farmer they feed us.
Real fact :New farm Bill make Farmers daily labours and migrants in coming days. Salute to the farmers who braved the winters & cruelty of government.
Thank you Vox for giving this Indian Issue Worldwide Fame, so that Government can face International pressure and the deserving farmers can win their worthiness.
I completely understand the protesting farmers point of view. But the main thing to understand is that farming is not the same through out  India. For example there are parts of India where farmers have plenty of water through out the year and there parts of India where droughts are so extreme that water is transported to these places through water train, in such draught stricken places privatisation would help the farmers. Different parts of India have different needs.
All those who lost their lives during this agitation or protest should be remembered by constructing a memorial mentioning their name and villages they belong, this is how the country & the fellow protesters should Honor them and it has to be engraved in the history of India that the farmer's of this country stood for the people of the country and their livelihood.
Sir decision taken by so much late so why too much stressed given to farmer resulted to much farmer unemployed crucial time wasted
The Indian Farmers learned fast from Hongkong and Capitol Hill Freedom Fighters.
1. Goverment ne 11 baar baat ki hai, So called farmers bas law wapas chahate hain lekin kyu wapas chahate hain wo unhe bhi nahi pata, problem kya hai laws me ?
Thank you Ravish Kumar ji for such a Good news. NDTV Zindabad No.1 news Channel in India Jai Jawan Jai Kisan.
The issue is there needs to be a transition strategy and some assurances for the farmer. Farming is anyways so unpredictable that more uncertainty just creates fear and mistrust. 
abhijit is talking nonsense, just for the sake of speaking nonsense, what intelligence modi has got abhijit and rest of us have no idea about, so best is to talk nonsense.then,he has not said a sausage on that laws have been suspended by SC.Comparison with MMS takes the cake for nonsense, it  is juvenile.on the other hand he says bJp wants to destroy INC,[MMSwas so great],INC out/destroyed can be the best thing to happen to the country.
It serves all farmers right. Farmers who wanted this law did not come out to support it and  "farmers" who opposed it always wanted it to be repealed regardless of its outcome. So in the end survive at the mercy of subsidies.
Sikh farmers win...modi lost
No protesting farmer had guts to talk on what is bad in Farm laws
More than Thousands farmer,not public or any students,The farmers themselves are coming today to join the protest,waiting there without their wife and children,Media is covering the entire situation and The Indian Government is not coming forward to have a negotiate with them? 
Love Farmers From Pakistan 
But here is a point I want to tell you that my relatives are in police force who were posted there for security and they told me that they have this information that riot will take place 2-3 days before the incident.....they were ordered to let a group of people to enter red fort and not to touch any of them...as well the place where the farmer died... actually there was a open fire from the police side which led to the death of that farmer....from all the ground report and my sources I have analyzed that it was all pre planed between rulling government and some particular small group leaders like deep Sindhu and some goons who are now in politics with BJP support....and it's main motive was to cut the emotional connection of protestors and people in cities who were supporting them by providing facilities and after that some media houses started showing a whole story against farmers.......
Shame. Farmers voted for em now getting this.
Abhi Sahab your views are true .  But make video on farmers issue and work of government on those.
Firstly, in the video shared by your beloved Priyanka Gandhi, you can clearly see that the wind shield of the car was already broken. This is enough to prove that the car was attacked first by your so called "Farmers". Because of this, the driver lost the control of the steering which led to this incident. Now, if you want to argue saying that the driver did not lose control, let me tell you, any sensible person would definitely try to save his life from this mob of thousands of goons. And while doing so, if he has to accelerate his vehicle, I don't think he is wrong. I am sure you would have done the same thing if you were surrounded by such goons.
Disappointed Modi Ji. Two steps forward Five steps backward. All your eloquence is lost now. Playing politics like everyone else. 
information from social media makes these chirkuts "informed" to become expert on this subject .I commend wire for framing question as it suits its agenda. These morons have zero  understanding of farm laws but they will speak like an expert. This also speaks a lot about the level of awareness among people about things happening around us.
All Indians can expect him to form a political party very soon. AAP, SAD, Congress, DMK have started to negotiations with him. He will have alliance with them. He is very likely to be employed to divide vote, rather winning election.
India buckling to farm protests
According to my opinion, as I have spent one year as a visiting professor at one university in Haryana, the main problem is the private trading at the wholesale market, and the entry of the big corporations in agriculture, which the farmers do not like as they are afraid about their future. The wholesale market must be in the hands of the Government, FCI  should extend the minimum support price for all kinds of crops, food, and non-food. There should be new investment by the government to build new storage facilities, more irrigation for the whole of India. This is the European Common Market agricultural policy and it is successful. India should not follow the American system. The problem in India is that most economists want to follow the American system, which is not a success. They call the introduction of the American system as Reform.
full support farmers brother #support farmers God bless you thxxx for support farmers 
Even the cm will think about his farmers not about the adanai or ambani
U r wrong aap and farmers where asking for farm law but the bill.imposed by bjp was black bill there was nothing like farmer will prosper
All over the world we eat food grown by our beloved farmers.... Jai Hind .. Jai Kissan..
New version of godi media shameem
The BJP decided to backdown bcoz they didnt wanted to loose the elections and give the power to the foolish people just bcoz of the law.. so they decided to backdown ..n dont worry sooner or later this law will be implemented again
Now the farmers will again be fooled..will vote again for this jumlababa and then will again suffer after elections.god save the farmers
For all three laws which Farmers still have an option to go back and sell in mandi , I don't understand why still there is a concern.
Everyone knows there a is coming election next year and only a blind can't see that majority of the people settings there are not farmers..
all people protest against EVM all problems come from EVM ban EVM never come again BJP Indian poor people are happy
First protest against CAA all across northeast and some part of mainland india and now farmers protest.
Please support our government. PM Modi and Home Minister have shown so much patience. Most of them are not farmers but terrorist and anti social elements. Just see the way they behaved on Republic Day.
Indeed it is fact that 90 % farmers almost against 3 farms laws 
*We stand with farmers and their justice jai jawan jai kisan*
SUPPORT TO THE FARMERS !!
Duplicate Kisan Rakesh congresi
Defend him.. haters continue to hate him. True Indians are unhappy with repeal
Why none of private agency came forward to offer high price to farmers till now, why to wait for these laws
1. Lack of stress on this point that Mandi and MSP is going to remain unaffected by these new laws which was already an act several months, and farmers who wish to sell only to Mandis can continue to do so. The act before becoming a law has not closed any Mandis.
It's very sad and unfortunate decission by GOI. But this government will do something different which can benefit to india farmers.
Another Masterstroke by Modi As per Andhbhakts n Godi Media.
Wish modi govt and it's supporters would understand this
I have a doubt. In this video you have mentioned that the APMC doesnt buy at MSP but in the video of farm bills you have mentioned how APMCs are used by big farmers to sell at MSP?? How?
Leave politics see who actually hit that farmer..
Namrata purvak aapne toh demo pe, GST pe, jobs pe, economy pe, and this year - Covid-19 pe aur China pe desh ki janta ko kya kya vadaa nahin kiya....ek bhi vadaa poora hua ho toh bataaiye...aur abhi you are doing the same with our poor innocent farmers.... Real misleading toh app kar rahe ho dear PM Ji!!!!
How can they dare to beat the farmers like this!
police shot dead 3 farmers in red fort the ran ---
Farmers with their hard work helped in lifting poverty and malnutrition ,they have to be given justice and not treated in such inhuman way ,as some are seniors citizens who have still not retired, from working
Ajit anjum have proff that he is ajit singh, ajit ram, ajit masih, ajit khan, a kisan sympathetic, true indian and above all a true human being
Why in India giving so much syphathy to farmers..agricultural same as business if they should understand what farm law how it's beneficial  to them...and farmer not selling any food to free...everyone paid for what they are eating...they are not farmers they congress Chelas....
literally crying  after listening our farmer  brothers 
Great decision, it takes a great leader to be humble and listen to his people. Thank you Modiji! 
I m not sure how he's saying that the MSP will be there to support the prices 
See if I am a Farmer shouldn't I have independence where to sell the produce?? The farming laws are giving Farmer's more freedom.
Haryana Govt must fall, after that all Govt which are anti farmer should fall
And its a shame that misinformed farmers in just two states are hijacking growth! What is the rest of Indias farming community doing? 
Full Mark's to India today for trying to save BJP
I have just heard the speech of RCP Singh's about farm's act he just defeated all the opposition all around the world single handedly ......and one more thing Mr Shekhar Gupta don't get surprised if you see him in the cabinet of Modi Ji....
We support farmers and all farmig leaders,,,, x
Contract farming is happening even today, infact it all started from punjab first, just that there is very little regulation and lack of it creates more disputes.
After 2022 in UP farmer law should implement
I didn't like SG version. U actually justifying entire episode by proving it's government mistake but actually entire incidence is not good for Indian farmers and for us as a nation. Most of bold decisions are made with iron fist and eventually people fall in line.
The main problem is the way of implementation!! Modi gov. regulated things like GST and demonization which looked great on paper but failed in real life! Can the farmers take this risk with their livelihoods here?
Nice one. Conclusion- the new laws are useful for the betterment of farmers. Not perfect. Thank you for not being a puppet of the ruling or opposition party. This hypocrisy by the opposition in the name of farmers should be ended. The farmers should question those who oppose this law by showing facts. This type of crocodile tears must be identified and be shamed..
In scriptures what is there?? King janaka was a farmer, janaka performed agriculture and studied vedaas too All our great sages were farmers too, they lived with nature.. But , now if a person got educated from a college, he tries to go to city and get sophisticated job 
Its high time that Govt.,; Modiji should see that the Farmers request is fulfilled.... afterall the law you say is in favour of Farers & if Farmers who are the real beneficiary is unhappy why you want to force it on them. At least today I wish your Sri Ram gives you the wisdom to think wisely & repeal those 3 unwanted Farm Laws.The whole World is watching us
Wish that these so called leaders of democratic country understands the problems of farmers. Support Farmers.
The stupid govt. Wanted to divide the brothers of India but now India is more united , God bless our Farmers who have shown the path of love n brother hood to all ,we pray for ur VICTORY
Ofc U.P and PUNJAB elections are near so good things will continue to happen.
While growing up we used to  like Derek O Brien as the Quiz master of a popular Quiz show. The way he conducted the show was commendable. But now he is a different person altogether.  After he joined politics watching him in the parliament in lok sabha and now in the rajya sabha makes me wonder if it is the same person we revered . He seems to have lost his marbles and today was the limit  .Didn't expect such behaviour from an highly educated person. Why have all the opposition party members become like goondas ? Is this the kind of message they are sending out to the youth of India. In civics we are taught that the UPPER HOUSE comprises of intellectual members belonging to educated class coming from various fields of knowledge. That seems to have gone now. One member supports drug mafia and all the nefarious activities in bollywood and asks for protection. Is this the way forward how representations from our society go there to frame laws for us. God save our democracy and the  youth of our country.
Seemed like Farmers were fighting with British Raj.
So pleased and happy for our farmers. God be with you always.
I don't think farmers would protest unless they believe governement is doing them  injustice
Farmers with land would jointly with those knowing all about world agriculture in my opinion would be able to fetch more
You wanted OROP, got it. MSP got it. With all these money you purchase Agri lands in Australia, Canada, USA,UK became rich. Still you fleece  Indian tax payers money when real and poor farmers are languishing in the hands of middlemen. Congress! You talk of 60 farmers moterdom. When 1000s of Tamil fishermen shot down by Srilankan govt, you, BOPARAJI you and your Congress never spoke a word. You the congress, creating one more Bindramvala.
Both farmers and consumers will have to suffer under these farm laws
Even south Indian farmers are happy with new farm laws
First of all they some Punjab Sikh (outside India) are using other to show Khalsa, second they have negativity over Hindu(they say Raj kare ga Khalsa and dont want to speak Hindi in family in Punjab n outside India) third, thats why they dont like current government. Thats the whole story to protest. We see them brother but some of them want Khalsa, You will get to know one day, brother. 
India's agriculture development is not even in dreams. Good luck Indian farmers. Slow claps for you guys 
Indian people need to come out from 60s socialist mindset, we need to accept the market works better in laissez-faire. Fruit and vegetable production is much beneficial than wheat and rice, being close to a megacity like Delhi is a boon for Punjab and Haryana farmers, yet they are protesting for MSP, god helps the farmers! In my village (Bihar), rice Producing farmers earn around 15-20k/bigha while vegetable farming gets them around 30-40k.
We support farmers. But not Voilence. But still full support to brothers. Im from Haryana. We were there. Not in chaos. In peaceful rally.
Well explained farm bill people should read it first without assumptions it is beneficial for the country.
The government instead of accusing the Farmer protestor as Khalistan they should have made debate and explain to make them understand how these laws would benefit the farmer. I think the current govt lack in communicating with their people.
Hoist of farmer flag instead of indian flag on republic day
Mei aaj haridwar ja kr aaya hu pkl se haridwar ,,what a nice road,modi nd yogi ji doing best work all over india 
But we need farmers all the times
Its been six months now Protest still going on peacefully. government and godi media tried to manipulate and call them terrorist but truth never dies please guys support them do tweets on Twitter because this is your right to speak right to say In democracy, and read about your rights.
Salute to the Great Farmers of Punjab...love from gujarat
Farmers of West, south & north east Support these Reforms.. more than Happy for reforms. These reforms were Boon for them.
First and foremost the govt should understand what farmers want.
One small step backwards for a giant leap forward- Modi ji & the Cabinet must have given this action a good forethought, for sure.
It's better to cut budget of punjabis and send it to some developing cities of South india Or other states like Himachal, uttarakhand, ladakh, northeastern states let punjabis go to Canada which they call their second home and live happily with their pro khalistani leaders
Could someone explain why Punjab State  Farners are the only area have this issue vs other states in India? Thanks
Its a proud moment of our farmers it was Made a history Proud to be a daughter of a farmer  Congratulations to all farmers my grands and my lovely brother and sisters 
Farmers  after laws repeals 
Andbhakhts gave lectures about agriculture to farmers 
*It's a win for Big Farmers but loose for Small farmers. Small farmers force to sell their products to Mandi without MSP*  
Its only Punjab which is protesting why cause its all Khalistan movement Nd the middlemen who are making good money Nd not paying taxes he wants Punjab Nd Muslim votes votes
i am from Vancouver Canada. i support all farmers and request Modi to take one bill back and fix the glitches where farmer has more power!
#Shame on GODI Media
3. In the 3rd bill, as per the Essential commodity act, one cannot horde food items beyond a certain limit now that limit have been struck off which means there is no limit on how much one can buy and horde. No wonder why certain Adani n Ambani are on a warehouse building competition spare across India much before the bill was passed.
0:06 this is Indian farmer's flag right?
this is not weapon   we keep them  our safety   it's  our right  and we get    they r  not criminals     they do not    take off indian flag (so called ) from red  fort we did not do disrespect  of any flag we should  read law farmers  did not do anything wrong if u think so than why Indian army use Sikh flag
There r some khalistani peoples in the protest , farmer's leaders have to see it .
Victory to the farmers!
Solidarity for farmer
Shame on such peoples ..they are not farmer's...
JUMLE BAAZ BE SHARAM PHEKU BE SHARAM SARKAR BJP KO SHARAM NAHI AATI YOGI BABA NE HINDU MUSLIM HI KIYA APNI SARKAR ME MODI YOGI BABA NE
Bjp is ruling india... We can't expect kindness from shoe lickers...        Farmers are ruling the world.... Support you guys..... Jay kisan
Government passed the (3)  farm bills in the the Parliament with out discussions in Parliament and Rajya Sabha. They should have referred the  farm bill  to the Parliament Sub-Committee before passing the these important (3)bills.
Farmers should hit back
You guys are saying all bullshit. Farmers were asking to discuss about these bills clearly from past few months but our illiterate PM dont want to discuss. Is they left with anything else except this.
I don't understand why farmers let Ashish Mishra go from that place and why did they beat his driver and other people only. Itni bheed me usko akeleko jane kyo diya baki sabko peeta to?
Bihar, Jharkhand, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, and Meghalaya have emerged as the poorest states in India, according to Niti Aayog's Multidimensional Poverty Index (MPI).All are BJP ruled/backed up states are INDEX of the then GUJRAT model & new India
This was all over social media from past week. Modi take back the farm bills and say that he did that because of Amrinder Singh (Punjabs ex CM) and then he gonna make a collision govt with them.
Who will answer to other parts of country except Haryana and Punjab ..... it's win of Punjab and Haryana farmers over other states... it's a injustice for other states.
I proudly stand with the farmers 
After 11 round meeting, farmers are still at their stand, and 26 of jan, what happened every body know.
Support khalistan from nepal
Support Farmers 
and mandi system enables farmers with govt procurement like wheat & paddy and assures price stability in the market in the form of msp( minimum support price == minimum retail price!!).
Very well explained. If few farmers are educated enough to understand that this bill is good for them.
Modi was winning some elections even when the Farm Bills were in existence. Therefore wrong to say Modi backed out because of elections.
These are not farmers and cannot be farmers. This is equivalent of what happened in US. this is funded by khalistanis of Canada and supported by ISI of papistan
I wonder how many of them are actually farmers , and how many of them are Mandi middle man
Reduced production of wheat and paddy is the only way to survive as a farmer..coz if production is less..demand is more..rates are high.. farmers should transfer from this to some non eatables products..
I literally fail to understand SHEKHAR how the bloody hell would the market help the small farmer? If I run a biscuit factory and need wheat flour, who will I go to, a single farmer who can cover 100% of my input demand or a 100 small farmers? With whom will I have better price discovery? For price discovery you need volumes, and volumes cant be created by 99% of Indian farmers given the minuscule size of their holdings. 
Now, Govt has given up to these so called farmers.... These so called farmers now will take the Govt further in different way whatever they want from Govt......   A bad development for future any of such agitation
Sir you a best teacher and your way to teach fabulous yet I am not satisfy with these 3 Bills it's my personal opinion because if they appliy then all essential commodities rates will grow day by day and what lay man will do
MODI hve time to visit Kalkota, b. Coz of Election, MODI don't hve time to see Farmer now MODI hve to face this
Farmers are right..There is nothing  wrong in their protest turning  violent..
Congratulations to the farmers.. history has been created. Always fight for injustice. Punjab was a leader in freedom fight. Repeated again.. Haryana utrakhnd up all have supported . Well done farmers protest jindabaad
Your statement at 1.03 that farmers can sell his produce only at APMC in his area is wrong.
Who is here after Modi repealed Farmer Law ?
Kisan Ekta jindabadd.. Singh isking.pPunjab Power too much strong and always happy Punjabi good work always 
You can tell how well a country is doing buy how the farmers are doing
why dont you correct your caption and say "the sikh farmers are being targeted left right and center, we know the truth, this is 2020, god bless Cell phones!!
No farmers no food
Soldiers and farmers are the main factors of this country and they both are in pain
Congratulations to all farmers and remembering the ones who laid down their lives for this revolution..
Can farmers protest without income for so long? Who is funding for them?
Though I am white American, and an economic and international relations grad, I feel that the Indian farm laws are need of the hour, not only for improving the lives and per capita income of farmers but also for GNV added of agriculture and tremendous export capability of Indian farm produce. It'd been much better that right from the beginning when farmers were agitating, government would've acted in a timely and responsible manner to resolve the dispute then this day wouldn't have come. India's image is dealt with a huge blow globally.
Farmer are not running over suv, it is clearly looking suv is running over them
All these dramas are fine for haryana people but when will we Sikhs become brave enough to admit the truth that our Gurughar our home is not Indian Punjab, and that we belong to Lahore in Pakistan, which is the kingdom of Maharaja Ranjit Singh, who was our forefather known as the Lion of Punjab (SHER-E-PUNJAB). Nankana is the birthplace of Guru Nanak the founder of Sikhism. So, for how long will our homeland keep calling us??? Come on brave brothers let us move back home to Lahore, Pakistan. Forget India. Lets go OUR REAL, HISTORICAL, GURU-GRANTED HOME: LAHORE, PAKISTAN. RAJ KAREGA KHALSA. I repeat, brave Sikh brothers, let us never forget that the real home of Sikhs granted by our Guru and the capital of sher-e punjab is Lahore and not India. Indian Punjab belongs to Punjabi, Bihari, Madrasi and all Indians but Lahore belongs to Sikhs alone.
CHALO KUCH TO ACCHA HUA... FARMERS JUST NAILED IT
If Congress was in power in last five year .. they have improve farmer condition ....
now also PM modi got a chance. Since farmers are vacating the borders, he should cancel the announcement of reverting the farm laws. Meri baath maano
Can't wait anymore we waited 63 days and negotiated. Nothing wrong the farmers have done.. if government doesn't listen, make him hear.. if Ambani Adanis government have sorted out this before.. there was nothing to take on streets of Delhi..
There is no reason for farmers not to be in control of their own crops
There are 96 Thousand Tractors and 12 million Farmers  protesting on the border of Capital of India " New Delhi". Dear World,  it's  the Longest March in the history of Planet Earth by farmers for roll back of three laws imposed on them by present  "Government of India". Please Support Us, as the "Farmers Produces" are daily  three times on your Dining  Tables. Indian Media is paid by Agencies and are fabricating the protest. Support Us, in writing the "Most Beautiful Chapter in the History of this Planet Earth". 
Tikait saheb, please co-operate with bjp for big win.
At that point of dispute, the loser would be obviously the small farmer. He has no wherewithal  to fight the mighty corporates. 
Well done RAKESH TIKAIT di ALL INDIAN proud of you ...good massage for all in ur style.... JAI HIND
U sure the farmers won? Cause its the farmers who would have been at profit if the laws were implemented. Its anyway the loss of farmers.
DW farmers will Atleast grow their own to survive but you big city people you are gonna have hard time surviving
In China the protestors would have been shot and martial law declared! These Indian farmers are lucky india is a tolerant democracy!
Zee news to pehle hi BJP ka channel hai
Modi should leave n pave way for Yogi
I think this protest succeeded only because the farmers over here were willing to literally risk their time, resources and LIVES to block Delhi's borders till the government relented. Urban middle class doesn't have the social stamina to do so. Unlike ruralfolk, urban middle class is concerned with earning more money and improving living standards, so much so that they consider their time extremely precious. This is why the state can easily put down such protests, like what you saw with CAA.
Farmers need justice 
But I don't understand while criticising modi he was appreciating manmohan singh I think you people are supporting congress directly or indirectly even many people are not happy with repealing farm including myself but that doesn't mean we should appreciate congress for 70 years of blunder
If you can post this in Hindi language.. and make a series on educating farmers..!!
Give example of bihar where this type law was made in 2006 and how has been bihar farmers are now destroyed
Congress rulled farmer and rest.  Lolzz. Punjab haryana border,  up border area, rajashthan boarder area have problem.  Rest 26 state farmer no Peoblem. Funny.  All anti modi farmer party like caa nrc,  medal returning gang gathered now in name of farmer.  Congress,  aap,  akali,  communist,  even unknown faces together.  That old woman of caa also there.  Lolzz
Farmers are not accepting the act. Why the rulers are insisting ??
Don't support farmers
Goons farmers have taken the nation to random.
When we looked, we found that only Punjab & Haryana farmers agitation is going on against farm bill. But South Indian farmers are totally silent, WHY? anybody having answer?
- If farmers were protesting, who was tilling the land as stubble burning has gone up 30% this year!
What about other people whom farmers killed by beating Which seen in video...are not they human..show both sides.. you bbc .. you will not change
1. THE FARMERS PRODUCE TRADE AND COMMERCE (PROMOTION AND FACILITATION) BILL, 2020
It is not exactly a good bill epecially when produce such as wheat or rice could be turned into hard drinks. Coporates may even think of turning corn into bio fuels and this can cause food shortages. however if farmers do want price discovery they can start forming unions
If they realy care for farmers they can make changes in fram laws and cover loop holes, so that farners will be benifited. 
My Grandfather is a Farmer
Guru Gobind Singh ki Army ... I don't want to live long I want to live and fight and win ... God Bless Farmers ... Waheguruji ki Fateh
Why did that one person die? Because he did not know that tractors can tip over when turned around at high speeds. The protesters were not farmers but middlemen. The new laws connect farmers to consumers bypassing middlemen. That's why they are angry. The also managed to bring in their nearly enslaved farmers, enslaved due to huge private loans, to give this agitation a look of farmers protest. Plus whenever there is protest in India against the conservatives, elements such naxalites, khalistanis, urban naxals, separatists, anti nationals dive in.
With farmers
Sir, the writing on the wall is very clear & visible.As I see it the agitation was from the very beggening, an anti BJP one,sponsored & financed by the powers  working against the present government. None of the participants have read or even gone through the now soon to be taken back, " Kaale Kanoon". But somehow the kisan leadership drove home the point that the laws are going to takeover the land holdings of.the kisans.
3. If a farmer agrees to make a contract with some organization for a certain price and say, after that the MSP was announced or say after the harvest, the MSP was higher than that of the contract price. Will the farmer get the MSP?
Humble request to punjab farmers to stop protest...
Most of urban youth is still unaware about the issue #supportfarmers
Proud of delhi for supporting farmers
One could also argue the case of Indian Airlines, which was expensive and yet of substandard quality. With new market players(other private companies) coming in, In the end consumers won. Today we have better choices and quality. Similar is the case of Punjab farmers. The land is not suitable for paddy farming but with highly subsidized water and electricity they are growing it at a high operating cost. This model is survived by MSP, because that takes care of the operating cost. In this scheme other states which are more naturally adept to such farming lags behind and so is the quality of produce and economy.
Indian farmers will bring new revolution
Modi has said consultations have failed to convince the agitating farmers. Consultations should have been done before the laws were passed and by debating in parliament. Not by rushing the laws within minutes where nobody has clarity on the laws.
but the issue is we wont get any support from russia and have threat from pakistan and china combinely as well. if it was not the case..... trust me india would have been invaded afghanistan by now to wipe out talibans
Why no talk about those farmers who lost their lives for the protest?
Remember farmers are the backbone of our country...
I told you , Bhagat Singh was from Punjab to fight the British and now whole Punjab they have to fight against Modi....
As being a daughter of a middle class farmer , I think violence is not necessary and yeah we can solve it out but neither government and nor the farmers are ready to listen . I live in punjab also and yeah it's been months since this is happening but me and my family are not involving in this , we belive in talking and solving this problem so both , the people and government can be satisfied . Hope this fight will end soon with peace 
And it might lose some vote in Punjab(which it never got), Some districts of Northern Haryana, and some districts of Western UP.
may I ask about fine + extra tax given to farmers if company take backstep .... isn't good for farmers ..ki agr farmers vo legal notice S.C  m dikha de to company ko kitna fine dena hoga....
not a single kisan leader seen in the rally
Rally was for farmers so the decisions should also be taken by them only . U eat something that is just grown by farmers if someone catches a piece of chapati from ur hand then what will be your reaction .the same is done with farmers by the government
11:24 The good thing is we have started discussing on farmer problems now.
Farmers from other states have never fought for their rights and thus MSP was never given to them in first place.Now that we are doing that,you are calling us anti nationalists.Secondly,we do have intelligentsia we are not fools that we cannot see the bigger picture.Just because the flaws of this bill do not affect you ,you are ignorant.This is real selfishness.
Not a modi fan BUT I really felt bad for PM apologizing on national TV. No doubt they repealed the laws due to upcoming elections. Agar pehle hi discussion krke ye bill bnate to aj ye naubat na aati. Farmers may have got what they wanted but in the end INDIA lost.
Modi is  good  actor  in Indian film industry ,,,   ,who says Modi can't change and play the roll,, Modi's acting killed a lot of people that"s why he become a , I want to present him Padmashree, cool
one can easily see the purpose behind this announcement....UP and Punjab elections....
Now farmers and police both suffering
I sincerely pray that the struggle of the farmers will be a great success and that they will reach the level they want
Super informative video Watch all 3 episodes Got to know something new about farming, farmers,produce mechanism, Government's role and Green revolution.
People are supporting our farmers
Dear ravish sir i salute your braveness, you should prepare a ground report from Kabul regarding Taliban insurgence.
After a long suffering of the farmers and great loss of life only he could take it. It is also only election maniya.  People please don't become fools. 
Lolz equal rights for everyone. INDIA is very very under Modi Todi govt
Pls give justice to farmers we can eat petrol, gadgets, money and gold.. they feed the entire country...
Respect to Farmers 
If farmers don't want these laws then y are you implementing these laws???
Uprooting the fence or uprooting Afghan govt supported by India, which one is more embarrassing? Lols
1 law: There will not only be big companies. Small companies which require less input can buy from small farmers also.
I dont understand why our government wants to implement a law for the farmers , which the farmers doesn't want for themselves 
The minister said the farmers first stoned the cars so the vehicle went mishandled but the video here is showing otherwise. Why the Police are silent without putting those criminals behind bars
Modi and bjp trying the best to not happen a national debate on this issue. 
Master stroke by PM, because ajay bisht (yogi ) revolted against him, our PM wants him to loose UP, HE is very confident that 2024 genral elections he will we on his charishma, over confident... its like " i , me and myself " 
If the situation of farmers was better before the farm laws then why were they committing suicide?
And now i know about the farmers bill clearly after watching your video.. thanks
Ye govt pgla gye h kya BJP se ye umeed nhi thi hme.....kisan bill m empliment hona chahiye jisse public ar kisan dono pr bura effect na pde.... Development ki baat ho..... Media  vi pgla gya h es desh ka
2020 farmers bill is worst
sujata didn't know farmers died becoz of ministers son shame sujata
Farmer is food that you eat, fiber that you wear, and that money you have now in your wallets.
I am farmer son I proud to be a farmer son I have 5 acres land.but government rate on wheat= 1920inr per 1 quintal. Govt declared this rate ok .
It's Dangerous for Farmers to gather at one place but still they have to at least government can drop Bill's if not MSP 
There is no doubt that farmers are fighting for entire country as they always serve food for mother India.
Seems to have: worked for the farmers!!??
The farmer Union doesn't want to go court. Competitive world in all field. This bandh will not get any result. 
Farmers broke the pact, farmers also insulted to police personel and again Storm the Red Fort ...... time to arrest all the violence supporters
Jai Kissan.... BJP Taliban party will not get Vote in next Election.
You are right sir i really proud of farmers (jai jawan jai Kisan)
This is indian farmer.....
1. Why this farmer protest is linked to anti RSS Protest, where RSS got nothing to gain?
1. There must be a MSP for all crop & this must be changing in nature determined by Climate which must be fixed by farmer representative and Govt. 
What about dispute between farmer and corporate. How it will help farmers.
 As far as protesting farmers of state of Punjab and Haryana are concerned, there only demand should have been the exemption of  their states in the Act and nothing else as it would be unreasonable to ask for grants from the government despite the latter is giving out huge sums of subsidies without being asked for.
Proud of indian farmers we are with you
Your movement has been hijacked by khalistanis and anti social elements. First understand that. Dont blindly support anyone. There are always different people in a protest with different intentions
Mam plz lallantop wale asi baate kubse karne lage? I always go for lallantop for any news. But this is not good. I support both farmers and police as they both are important for us but that dosnt mean anybody can attack a police man that too with a talwar. Please dont promote this type of mentality.
what do you think about Shekhar Gupta's comments on Farmers Bills. he seems to have done his homework and seems like spouting the truth. I am now confused!
Governments fault ...... They schoul should have listen to the farmers.....
In this era of corruption the govt. will ensure MSP as well as electricity subsidy ....if the govt.can do wonders by providing the farmers with these necessities then why have they handed over the farmers lands to the big cooperate houses,? What is the need if they are able to fulfill all requirements....
Salute to farmers, they taught how to fight for rights
Many people dont understand that this is a very very smart move in a way. Why? Because 90% of the protests are not done by farmers but hooligans and separatists. Its a very very smart move to show that its not the bill that is creating the issue.
Actually it was an awareness issue and opposition fueled sentiment of poor villager sentiment that Government want to grab farmers land.
BJP(spit licker of RSS) is a cruel and dictatorial party in the world. Shameless people still speak in their favor. Wearing the spectacles of religion has come to rob the poor. I compare them with the Taliban.
Majority of Punjabi farmers own below subsistence level farmland. Financial hardship has forced them to sell their land and send children to Canada and other countries for better future. 
Rakesh  ji is very respected Kisan Leader
Richest farmers of India are protesting and poor farmers are silent. Strange situation
Persons in AC room cannot understand the problem of farmers.
MODI JI APKI HAMESA JAI HO 
The farmers laws are a great way to reform the agricultural sector but it lacks risk mitigation/safety net for the farmers.
Anjum bai really youre the hero in farmer andolan because you did work hard  you take pressure from BJP  but you bravo reporter great repotting thanks  love  and
Economy is not going to improve so long Modi Ji is PM .
Many in Protest are supporter of Khalistani Movements they are trying to cash this situation as well.
Only NDTV is the true channel which is showing the ground reality. Godi media like republic and aajtak are still misrepresenting the farmers protests. Shame on them.
---Supported and financed the terrorist organization Tamil LTTE to rebel against Sri Lanka government
It's about farmers please make video in farmer's language. Don't be like govt.who give English advertisement . @Newslaundry
3 Billion $ investments gone in the hand of Taliban. 
Way did you use word militant for Taliban can you explain this .every force wich fight for freedom of his country western and inian media called them militant its dishonesty at  its peak.sheam on such currapt jurnalisam.
Zee news tell about amit shah  and modi
Where is NDTV in the scenario of 3 LAKH+ farmer head of households killed themselves. Where are the Ravish Kumar types who are only interested in stories of political victories and defeats.
farmers with weapons?????
Towards the end the graphic shows that sales in mandis have gone down by double digit percentages.If the farmer is protesting for the mandis to stay .. why is he selling outside the mandi? It can't be that he's getting a lesser price outside and still selling there?
it is bad for poor farmers and overall for all farmers . India need modern agri laws for compete the world market.
If companies try to exploit farmers or use legal power, farmers still have choice of mandi or wherever they want to sell.
My dear first you understand bill properly "contract with farms means making live licences agreement contract with kisan on his land by private company's. Forexp: if company want tomato farmers has to grow tomatos only on his land and what ever price has has decided in agreement any how kisan has to sale to company at that price even if he gets good price in mandi he cant sale his products with anybody else. Even if gov says this clause is not on land its on "fashal" which is grown by kisan vice versa it means the same. Any how if kisan gets 5% advantage with this bill clause there is 95% of losses plz focuse on that. British time companies also used to do same thing. 
Every farmer knows organic farming but doesn't give production as chemical fertilizer
Dignity of farmers: farmers should be recognised by who they are and not what they give. Farmers can be dying to get out of contract arrangements where they're not given concrete leverage and can be left with little energy to diversify their production.
Panjabis are hard working, honest, loyal, a serving the nation kind of community, who love and enjoy peace.  They should be rewarded Modiji.........
It's high time farmers and government sit together for a roadmap for liberalization of agriculture, otherwise farmers are already suiciding in thousands with or without the laws and it's already a business of loss until the farmer has lots of land. Finally government can't provide subsidies on subsidies to every farmer, he needs to face open markets. The people in most loss are however middle class tax paying people.
Bro... American govt is putting pressure on INDIA at the WTO to withdraw its subsidies to the farmers and to ensure that the prices are competitive.
I am a farmer from Assam and I say that your analysis and explanation is excellent. Keep up the good work.
O my god india ko dhmkii salo 8 din pehle hi hum azad hue hh don't underestimate us
This is so embarrassing to see Indian government officials claiming that the farmers arent from their respective states...
Are we fighting our framers now? Remember farmer are backbone of any country, don't break them.
I think 'they' know that it's better allowing farmers their wish on 26th Jan,  than having a face off with them !!
Good morning Modiji, time to wake up and recognise the 600+ deaths your decision and stubbornness has caused, not to mention the pain, suffering and angst caused to millions. Must be election time soon?
Naresh Tikait is really very matured , experienced farmer leader !!
Then only modi will withdraw the bills
Requesting you with folded hands, SG sir: Please make this video in Punjabi and Hindi too. Your video may just help farmers see the reality.
Congrats to our Farmers and respect to those that lost their lives to make this possible
Free Punjab and haryana  UK supports 
I fully support Punjabi Farmers from West Punjab. On one side pm Imran Khan has launched Kamiyab Kisan Program by delivering better quality tractors to the farmers in Punjab. And on the other side we have Modi Vs Indian Farmers delivering Democracy (Sarcasm). 
Punjabi farmers or any other farmer for that matter are a source of Pride for this nation, but this call for repealing all the three acts is totally unjustified.
Punjab me 2022 me election hai 
At 2:33:00 you made a nice story that farmers cant get the MSP in APMC (probably just to justify that MSP is waste, so if there is no MSP by private players, its justified), but since you are a knowledgeable person, why you did not also mentioned that govt have too many agencies to deal with corruption? so do you want to say that all those agencies does not know it? or they do not work? or they know or do not work?
I'm not an economist, but have read the pioneering book by Adam Smith. This bill is apparently in line of the suggestions by the prolific author. Also, talked to a person from agricultural background and they see nothing alarming in it. I personally feel the bill will bring increased profit for farmers but agricultural labourers may not be directly benefitted from this. Hope, farmers will increase the payment for them once their own income increases. But let us get prepared to pay much more for farm products now onwards.
The farmer is the only man in our economy who buys everything at retail, sells everything at wholesale, and pays the freight both ways.
Central government ko   axen lena chahiye    or  kisi se kuch nhi  hota  to fir    yogi ji ko  dedo   case     on the sport  fasla
Rakesh Dacoit and his goons need to be taught a lesson
If modi is so confident of farmer profit 
Modi ji is not a dictator as someone has told here but people of India need to understand that this country has be sold out for 70 years , today it needs to be governed by an able leadership & that is modi ji
Why are we saying farmers are against this bill.? Farmers from Punjab and haryana doesnt represent All Indian farmers.The farmers from state which take maximum benifit of MSP and Mandi system are opposing due to introduction of parrallel system..
13 states farmers are protesting and whole world is supporting farmers 
And they claim that they are "poor" and can get "exploited". Absolute bullshit. No poor farmer can afford to protest for so long at this magnitude. They are getting heavy amounts of money from opposing parties and organization like SFJ(which is banned in INDIA)
Can you translate it into hindi so that we can share it with actual farmers?
Most of comments are godi ,bika bagera bagera media, to ye vedios kia fake he ???? protest ka ruot dia huwa tha to divert q kia?... godi media kehne walo apko logo kia dikhai de raha he ki ye shantipurna protest he...? Kela andha
Farmers Angels ,corporates Devil's.
We hope farmers will be able to win money correctly because we need them
I don't have any positivity or negativity on this bill but I don't see farmers from rest of Indian states are protesting
It's really amazing, if 50000 Taliban can defeat US Europe India and their allies. It means in future Pakistan can hunt down India easily.
The farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab and Haryana there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers just like rest of states in india.  and the farmers are not only from jaat or jat  caste or farmer are from all castes,, there are  pundits, Brahmins , and Dogar , Jats, and Jaat  farmers. These  Farmers feed the nation, big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Abany, Adnany . These big companies are controlling Modi. These bills are designed to make each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmers will have no option to sell to another buyer due to logistics and resources , and the big companies have the logistics and they will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and export to other countries. This will cause food shortage in India,because big companies will be able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the business tycoons, and big companies. The GST is hurting the small shops, small factories, and Modi needs to be removed from his throne. 75% of india is farmers, and 80% of those are small farms with 2 or 3 acres.
Our farmers are facing inconvenience sitting on roads for last few months in such cold , rain with their kids  and people who are eating at their homes still criticising them, shame on such rubbish people
Do you have data like over a period of 10 years how much farmers weath against middlemen
Rakesh Tikaitji is so careful, precise, mature and to the point in his responses. It is heartening to see a good and balanced head, and not spouting whatever comes to mind.
Farmer protest is still continue even after 5months of this video 
Haryana and Punjab are the states that produce highest number of Armymen and farmers. Gujrati chors are mistaken to take them lightly.
This was just an accident, but these goon farmers killed BJP 4 people in reply.
1. MSP (Minimum Support Price) is not applied everywhere (that is why these protests are mainly by farmers from Punjab, Haryana and western U.P.) and is given to only 23 crops of which the govt. only has a guaranteed buy scheme for two crops, i.e. rice and wheat. This means that no matter how much rice and wheat is brought in the APMC (Agricultural Produce Market Committee), the govt. gives a guarantee that it will buy all of it. 
Since this bill came, all lost for farmers
We stand for our farmers always 
Isme benifit kuch nhi hai yaha farmers msp me apna saman sale karenge aur dusre hath local market me prices apne aap increase ho jaegya... This is inflation... Vegetable sellers will be rich by the day... By making fake stories like they use to tell...
The protests by Farmers are 100% genuine then. Its the govt that is spreading propoganda and blaming everything on opposition. 
This very one sided report there are many farmers who support the bills.
Dear modi ji... With all my humbleness I would like to tell you that the people of India voted for you in 2014 and 2019 becox they wanted a strong govt at the centre who will not buckle down and take harsh action on anti national elements, not buckle from outside pressure... One who will use the rod and improve the internal security of our country, pluck out the poisonous snakes out of their mole and finish them... Most important is you will protect the rashtra and our dharam... Prices, economy, infrastructure will anyhow has to be done by any govt which comes... But most what we expected from modi ji and BJP is that you will fiercely save and protect our nation and our religion... which the so-called Secular party will never do.
2) They were saying that police and army are their brothers! "If one person in a family is a farmer another is in the police or army", they said. Now they have attacked the police who were showing restraint. How come?
Solidarity to all farmers of the world
Yeh abhi bhee confusion dalne ki koshish kar rahi hai, rassi jal gai bal nahin gaya. Bhatia is not a farmer, he was paid spokesperson for samajwadi party now is a paid spokesperson for BJP.
But 4th generation war ki warning badi h two front ki war me 4th generation ka use dusri country bhot ache se fayeda utha sakte the isliye kisan bill wapas liya gya h mere hisab se
Modiji is First honest primeminister who done wonderful job . Never seen such a intellgent prime minster of india in the history of India.
It's not just about farmers law. Indian democracy is at stake
ab yee time aagya h ke farmer ko bhi ab police lathi charge kr rahe h . support farmer plzz yee nhi hogi toh koi nhi hoga india me farmer ke bhagvan jese he h
Thanks india for Mi-35 gift to Taliban . He come soon to vist India on your Mi-35
Govt has failed to convey the message clearly. Its only the farmers who always face the heat. Better convey messages first then launch such bill otherwise farmers are not trusting govt anymore.
Protest successful. Now this will get international attention. Great job farmers.
Thanks to Indian godi media for giving Sir Imran Khan a nick name of Taliban Khan 5 years ago. It is going to haunt them for decades to come.
#FarmerProtests 
Looks like in UP the Government was ruled by a robot not by a human being. Here we can see people are crushed to death with no mercy. This is a wake up call for the Indian people when BJP is in power.
Farm three bill se pehle
It's more of a rural uprising.. Bharat was ignored by India for a long time and now Bharat is craving for attention and mark my words unemployment and rural distress will be the reason behind fall of BJP.
Ek line hai " Nuance is in the detail" .. in bills mai sara khel he implementation ka hai.. likha toh bahut kuch hai bills me lekin hoga kuch aur he because it's the best scenario if all farmers were large scale farmers
3. Why criminal case would not be filed against all those who are responsible for death of 700 and more farmers on the various base clauses including suicide done, Humiliation done, economical loss done to all agitating and died farmers.
We should not forget that the same thing is being done by farmers on lal kila and that was more damaging to people than this .
*Jai Shree Ram              Jai Hind                                       Happy Birthday MODI Ji     &    Congratulation to India on 2.2 crore vaccine jabs today*
3. Cut the role of middleman in sale purchase of agriculture produce so that farmers and consumers get the benefit.
Shekhar ji your analysis made so much sense but when I reflected on it, it struck me that only farmers of Punjab haryana and Jat farmers of western UP protested.
India Today is helping rich farmers this bill is benifited to poor farmers
I liked the way Brahmanwadi, manuwadi BJP who were reluctant to talk to Gupkar  gang beg to talk to Taliban and did talk. Even though sympathetic to afgans, that part was good. 
Farmers won after many sacrifice with cruel govt
Will modiji do,that hurt the feelings of hidustanis,no way,he is sensible,experienced leader.so those doing Andholan or paid by political party,better be sensible,go back,do farming..jai hind.
Situation is just like indian movie of sunny deol, outsiders are provoking this.. farmers can't do this
Another one problem is our farmer donot have initial investment during starting stage. They are applying for loan and everything. End of the day they have to pay interest.
One year farmer agitation.. modi silence
If we go by the recent resignation of ShivSena MP on the issue that In mandi There is dominance by NCP despite the fact that most of elections were won by Shiv sena. This is enough to depict the pain. This will remove their political ground as the farmer will have option to sell to other places than Mandi.
Where are the butthurt bhakts calling VICE antinational??? all support to our farmers 
2. If every farmer would just grow MSP crops then any suggestions on problems that may create agricultural imbalance in the country and problems of the other non MSP crop farmers.
I shamed to support BJP .. very bad situation our country is going through..
This is Punjab farmers isue not Indian farmers isue. Free punjab.
7. Farmers laws were made ,so that Australia can imports rice directly to Ambani Adani...this was done because Australia has given rights of world's biggest coal mine to Adani ..also Australian PM sanctioned millions dollars loan to Adani group
Is this Chaiwala's New India, that he and BJP political leader's want to make, Sinister people on this earth, citizen's have suffered enough, where are all the leader's now? Farmer's struggle and fight for your every rights, God is with you all farmer's, when God is with you, no evil can harm you, keep up the brave fight...
Taliban specially indian government ka shukria ada kary ge Q K un ko free roads mil gye hospital mily school milay or helicopter be .hahahahah
damnn... it doesn't concerns farmers alone... it is a matter of concern for every common citizen here...
A sane opinion by farmers. Excited leaders of hindutva should learn from this.
I request Ravish and NDTV, Please make a show like "Kaun Banega Crorepati". Here ask objective questions in such a way that to make people or bhid as a citizen, I think this is the main purpose of NDTV and doing it very well. This can be effectively achieved from objective questions on politics, to burst fake news, real data of government policies in various departments, the real history of our old politicians like Nehure, Ambedkar, and many more. Because of price money, many peoples come to watch NDTV and other shows as well. Then they will realize what is the real news. Just apply the poor economics principle by Abhijit Banerjee.
We are with kisan love from Pakistan
These protesters gained what they want...not for farmers new laws but to gain attention of west i.e anti indian media now enjoy..
Elections are nearby but it's genuinely the victory of tireless struggle.
this law create very problem for farmer
Thanks for showing this news. We need international media support  Support farmers of every nation.
Finally after 1000s of farmers sacrificed their life to come to this day .
Do not agree on MSP implementation. Can you quote examples - beyond Rice and Wheat tgat are getting MSP in the market. The FCI is atleast giving MSP to farmers for Rice and Wheat.  In others agriculture produce for which MSP is applicable - not a single commodity is bought at MSP, forget higher price.
The actual farmers are working in the field....and contributing to the nation
FREE INDIA FROM MODI !!! IM THE REAL INDIAN LEADER
these people are not farmers
One thing is clear - farmers have clear views . They are very intelligent . Their IQ is great , far better than GODI media .
I wish his apologies reach the 700 farmers who are tortured with words like Khalistanis, anti-nationals, andolanjeevis, and finally died.
Really feeling bad for farmers , now today they understand government intentions our people start calling them terrorist . 
The great Indian Tamasha!!! I as a consumer am very happy that farmers are protesting, that's because I know as long as these farmers protesting I can enjoy cheap ration for my kitchen. Years of APMC mandis has done very little for these poor farmers and has made Indian farmers synonymous to poor peasants.
#farmerprotest #NoFarmerNoFood
Keep it going farmers 
This bill will establish 2nd East India Company.
I'm glad bjp person didn't blame Nehru and Congress for this incident . Are we living in stone age? I thought India is a democratic country.
Naive are the people who think these are "farmers".
Perspective of the current situation was brought out excellently,often,don't agree with many things,this one is an exception,wish some sane voices could do the explaining to the farmers,sadly,farmer agitation has been hijacked by the miniscule minority of India haters,making difficult for nationalist to join hands with them...
200 farmers already died . And they know  bill better than us so keep supporting farmers .
Very good speech OF RAKESH  TIKAIT.
Q - why are the farmers protesting ?
Adani farm laws will come back after elections with a different name.
I don't understand farmers are only in punjab and Haryana????
Long live the farmers. The police should stop the teargas and lathis. High time Modi gives in -otherwise the situation will only worsen. This movement cannot be suppressed. It will spread to the rest of India.
Greatest atrocity in Indian History.  Govt action is against farmers and human. PM is selected to solve the problem of society, not to control public and farmers in a violent way
Now those farmers who are in support of this three Law should come out in street in protest of Modiji's decision.
I support farmers with my heart and soul..........Please everyone understand problems of farmers and give support them in this fight against the rude/impolite behavior against our FOOD PRODUCERS.......
I wish you made this wonderful talk/analysis in hindi, to make a common farmer to understand. Poor people are being exploited.
I don't think it's anything related to Punjab election. BJP stakes are negligible and someone like Modi having all experience that one can't win election like this, starting just 6 Month before.
Petrol >Rs 100/lit ,GOI produces ethanol < Rs60/lit.Can farmers have a Dandi March style civil disobedience denying excise duty to the centre?Considering sugarcane rates are abysmally low.
Farm are not paid well across the world but they full our stomach therefore India should start shifting it to technology jai hind jai Bharat
Shame on you BJP Sarkar and Narendra Modi and police prashasan
No modernization, no modern technology has to be adopted, still the farmers has to ride bull cart, poor farmers should not be awakened so that only the middle man and politicians can loot them.
They should implement these bills state wise where there is BJP ruling party. First they need to show the result then these farmers will be convinced.
Can you provide details of new farm bill
We need to cut corporate intrest in farms here in the uk aswell and get familys back in small farms which helps the local public, instead of massive corporations like asda, sainsbury's, morrisons and tesco, farmers deserve to be able to sell straight to the customers without being undercut by corporations and rinsed by laws and red tape, bring back the local milk men and local butchers buying straight off the farms asda pay Penny's for milk meat and produce
This is not a farmer protest  . A tikati ko arrest karna chaiya
So, if this beautifully analyzed remark that Govt lost the battle of new farmer's laws would potentially abort further reforms; and the 'Sham-Daam-Dand-Bhed' is fair in politics, now it is the high time for the Govt to go ahead with this formula. Each and all resources is with the Govt only to make it happen.
This fellow is well oiled by funds elsewhere that he can protests wherever directed by the sponsors. Not farmers but trouble makers but only restricted to one state and a portion of the middlemen.
Joy kisan...no farmers no food
It was not kisan's andolan, it was dalal's and khalistani unrest in the name of kisan. 
So now the CMs, the PM all are disowning the farmers as they disowned the minorities, labourers, dalits .....as if they will get the food from abroad.....SHAME ON YOU
5. Deregulation of food items? There is no deregulation of any commodity, because there was no regulation of any commodity. Regulation existed only on markets in order that markets facilitate proper weighment, proper price formation process. However despite the APMC regulation, even to this day, farmers are given bili chiti, white slips which are totally not transparent. Even after 55 years of APMC act, farmers are still receiving a very low price share out of the consumer rupee, because of market inefficiencies and market imperfections and several practices such as undercover sales, illegal deductions by merchants, exploitation of farmers in interlocked markets, cartels among merchants  depressing the prices and so on
Shame on godimedia
I support farmers fighting for their rights , but now it's no longer farmers movement, 
Why not make ware house for farmers locally available to store their products on monthly rent basis?
Declare war on corruption as you promised not on these innocent farmers  bring black money from rich govt servants and corporate biggies
Rajat .. I admire you .. but the our Punjabi farmers has acknowledged that they were getting lot of sources... Grow up dude
Justice for farmers. May God help them.
Till Date nobody explain briefly what is benefit of Farmers from these laws and what is loss . We can do protest nobody is going to stop but doing public property damage-- NO way -- We need very strong law against mob who did this . suppose if your car / motorcycle they damage who is going to pay. Delhi roads and all other infrastructure for the public .. we have no rights to damage those infrastructure.  If i am home minister i fired delhi police commissioner and all DCP. They can't control and make plan. Why did we paying them and giving so much facilities and power . They don't have good training and strategy for this type of problem. We need proper people who can manage. Who are fuck gave them tractor trolly  permission on 26 Jan. Fired them including Netas .
Thank you so much for making this video. Amazing job at summarizing the issues with Farm bill.
Proud of our farmers. 
Taking a side is very difficult in this case. Because i feel the bills are neither too right nor too wrong..... Just the timing is wrong. Before complete capitalism, complete socialism is important so that farmers can be united and their produce can be sold collectively. After complete socialisation, the government can gradually sell out the shares of the entity to a private owner or many owners. I think this will help the government as well as the farmers and help to reduce loopholes.
But I'm confused so is this bill actually helpful for farmers and need to be understood by them? Or it isn't good?
Well, i am impressed with the wire , they always try to show exact things and issues in our society. Ma'am suppose if you get your salary of 2021 in 2022. Same things farmers get their payment in next year.
Their is a reason why the rest of india isnt very keen on the repeal or the pasing of this bill. They have accepted farming as a profession which pays by the season according to the market while the middlemen
Finally farmers won 
These are not farmers. They are black mailers.
Farmers are graveyard for BJP, that is why they are trying every possible way to dipress their voice. Get ready to face the heat!
Most of you commenting here doesn't know how agriculture works and hard work we put and return is kind of small. Very cleary we proposed 141 page reform about agriculture law which government never accepted. They framed the law and executed without considering the majority of agricultural unions. If you see the new law mostly favored to private players no support from government everything depends on private players think what will happen india like country.
its hard to believe bjp accepted defeat so easily, they are known to take very calculated steps and decicion and they have enacted much more controversial acts than the farm laws before. its hard to figure out what they are planning next ...may be punjab election??..or they may ask the bjp ruled states to enact the 3 farm bills seperately
#NofarmersNofood.
Modi works for the welfare of the farmers.
Only solution.All Indians support AIMIM and Asaduddin Owaisi.Only  honest and Brave secular leader in India.
Not farmer but full support to farmers, their way of protest won my heart. Don't think that peaceful protest is not helping you, we all are watching your dedication,patience and fair demands , and also supporting as much as we can
Disappointing...elections in Punjab...what about the nautanki and rioting and the real farmers of this country who need to kick out these corrupt middle men protesting for nothing but their greed
Punjab farmers has save india from acute hunger and now it is time for entire India take a stand for India farmers.
Central will agree with farmer without any condition. Jay javan jai kishan..........
Government ko kissan ki baat smajhni chahiye. We are farmer. Protect farmer.
We never forgive you people. This is not Farmers.  We Never sports like this farmer's. KICK them out From Delhi.
Can anyone help me with the names of farmers wealthy?
I will protect the farmers...
Shame on Godi media and dangerous politician
Can farmer get Assured price higher than the cost to produce? How will Govt control farmers price and consumers price.
Kissans bacho BJP bhajo desh bacho, dictatorship nahi chaley gi bills vapis ho key rehey gey. Hariyanna ate Punjab mil ke chalo
Please support our Farmers they are out pillars
Up election ma bjp ka harna to tha hi nhi aur abi b nhi
I'll say the main problem of famers in uttar pradesh is that sugarcane ( uttarpradesh is higest sugarcane producer) their price is low in UP thts the main problem farmers are facing here ... But unfortunately in this "andolan" noone talked about our real matter ... Even in panchayat they said remove yogi or modi and so on... Bro u could have just asked for price increament... I support farm law but there are some mistakes tht needs to be improved.. please stop Playing politics with us please 
So the new law allows Direct to Consumer model that cuts out the middleman, how is that bad? Entire world is moving to that model, if given an option I would buy directly from a farmer. Middlemen should be optional, I get the logistics of selling can be overwhelming for small farmers but they can always form small groups or use middlemen if they prefer to do so. Supply chain portion might be a challenging at first but is not impossible to figure out, this way a farmer becomes their own boss.
I hope the silent farmers who have benefitted from this law for last one year will raise their voice atleast now...
Farmers asking to completely repeal the 3 farm laws despite the Govt. agreeing to most of their objections is making  this entire protests as politically motivated. The farmers behaviour is making them as part of the problem now and not them as part of the solution.
Watch this video. https://youtu.be/VRPjeCmkeHo. About Ten years back Mrs Shushma Swaraj was opposing vehemently the farm reforms introduced by the then Congress party in the Parliament. She was telling what now the Panjab farmers are telling.   
Everybody should come with kissans because they are fighting for common people majdoor,employees,students,small shopkeepers of India and not for cheaters and lieyer.
2. The protest includes many genuine farmers with genuine concers but is slowly being hijacked into a political movement. 
Power should be in the hands of farmers
stand and making farmers scape goat.
"A mostly correct bill with the aim of doing something good in government's POV passes without noticing loopholes....It has both positves and negatives..." Government Is good in their POV and farmers are protesting to make this bill perfect"......"with some outside interruptions that made indians go against Indians".....
Thank u so much sir, for the information. I work as gram panchayat secretary this information will help me in guiding the farmers, I will share this video with my friends too...thank you sir.
Strangulating whole city by Farmers not OK. But is strangulating the judicial system by PM and GOI  Ok? Wonder what suggestions do SC and CJI have for the matters to move forward? Whst should the farmers do next for an unmoving  government to understand their  concerns. And what should SC and HCs do to make the GOI take a decision on JUDICIAL APPOINTMENTS?
I support farmers I stand with farmers
Shame on GODI MEDIA
Don't call them as farmers , they are all goons  they betrayed farmers of other sides of country
What about farmers protest?   U beat them up so badly..you forgot about that   ?  Answer indo patel's.
#boycott_adani #boycott_ambani #boycott_jio #boycott_reliance #farmersprotest #boycott_godimedia #boycott_capitaltv
Excellent journalism, ppl like Ravish Kumar are the gems of India and Mr. Prakash has genuine n complete knowledge of ground reality of Afghan n Taliban ...Very Informative Cheers
2:50 not explicitly but the new farm laws will implicitly kill MSP. very complicated answer. Okay. I'm listening. so farmers are incentivized to sell outside and as that keeps happening mandis will become redundant. Okay. Many things are redundant but still officially functional. redundant does not mean it will stop existing. And redundant for whom? Govt needs MSP to procure for PDS. Govt will never stop MSP. Not mentioned in the video at all.  
We need answer wt wrong we are doing ... is it wrong to protest in a democratic country?????.we are only fighting for our lands which feed whole country.....and every day we are loosing our people ...we need support of our indians pls be a part of our protest bcz it's for all of us ( indians)..or if you can't be a part pls stay away stop calling  terrorist 
Main khud lakhimpur se hun. . . . .ye ghatna puri Tarah planed thi. .ye gundey farmer pahle se wahan road k aaspas et pathar girwaye thy ek din pahle. . . . . . Ye kishan ke naam pe gundey hain. . .
Frankly, the Non-Withdrawl of Ajay Mishra shall facilitate more aggressive Election Speeches flinching even more Damages to BJP's performance in 2022.
Taliban will take over Kashmir, said Pakistan. But after taking over entire Pakistan, they never said 
What an explanation brother Mohak especially jaranail Singh bindrawala and farmer protest . How they have no coherence. I really like all your videos and wish every Indian youth to have clear broader and wider understanding like you ..
Very good but ask her to study why bhindrawala poster is there, why khalistani supporter are there, is khalistan have any place in India???
Farmers don't even know what's going to be the selling price. They just assumed it will be lower than msp and went on protest.
For all my kisaan brothers and sikh brothers i wish good luck,.. may God bless you with victory in this matter.
May be Govt. Not able to make it thoroughly understand to farmers.
#WeSupportKrishiBill2020
jo kisaan mare hai unme ek ka beta fauji hai , irony is that people call them khalistani . i everyday notice modi supporters provoking sikh people to become khalistani by tagging them khalistani . this kind of andhbhakti i had never expected
Reacting to 5:25 ----When you let people of your country died in such miserable conditions (cold , cutting off essential needs like electricity) that's aggression is justified.. Even though that's was  just another way to defame them which involves people of yours party (to arose one of 22 groups of farmers union ) when can't find a way to molest  them with your paid media ...
700/ FARMERS DEAD IN ONE YEAR.
supporters of a certain party supporting breaking heads of farmers...what a desh bhakts they are!! SHAMEFUL
The History is created by our Indian Farmers.. They saved our democracy by their lives. Jai jawaan Jai Kisaan .
There's a lot more grey in this, arguments being made on both sides. What is certain is that government has not cracked down on anyone. The government has so far been very careful and respectful in maintaining distance. TBH the farmers also are keeping it non violent, except for a couple of incidences that you mentioned, and the farmers detested and distanced themselves from those who did it.
They are bunch of criminals who are fighting for power in the mane of farmers
Answer is farm bill is gud 
How do you two know to what extent the Congress itself may be a threat to National Security in a bordering state like Punjab , what do you know about the appraisal of Amrinder Singh to the govt once he is no more at the helm of affairs, may the farmers protest itself has become a threat to the Nation, sitting in a room and using foul language for an elected leader is very easy, no other PM of this country has ever achieved anything before as the present one.
The farmers won.
Those people who are hosted religion flag they destroyed many poor farmer protest . Now poltician get excuse for impleting farmer bills
Yes actual farmer has lost today
Nice to see, some one is fighting for the nation and farmers.
Sanghis are silent now..we can only pour tears for those poor farmers died . Kneeling infront of the protest is pms relief package for this channel. Cowsamy really mocking at the common sense of our people.
I've not studied the bill completely, but I'm sure that before this bill came, There was no restriction for the farmers to sell outside APMC. You were mentioning that farmers were restricted to sell their crops to APMC. Kindly correct that one.
Jai Kisan. Solidarity with farmers is integral part of every citizen of India.
If they really care about farmers then why these hypocritical people contributing Canada GDP not INDIA.
firing tear gas on farmers govt is shameless
BBC Something Will Start From Tomorrow You Should Call The Animal Organisation Ok These Are Festivals From The Peaceful Community Ok Also Also One Thing About The Farmers Protest The Bill They Are Not For The Bill They Are For 2 Things : First Is They Do Not Like BJP And Second Thing Is That They Want Something Like On Getting Ok Try To Say Something About This Ok !!!!!
MSP/subsidy is the ONLY support that we can give to our farmers. It should be written into a law. MSP can be kept to the bare minimal level, and linked to an objective criterion of quality tests.
Ppl who are agitating in the garb of farmers are mainly middlemen whose empire has been demolished by these 3 acts,as we all know these middlemen are mostly small/mid level political leaders who controll the Mandis,its a revolutionary act which will change the farm sector of India
Please keep talking about this. Let's help the farmers!
Why Punjab n Haryana farmers r only enjoying this facility from last 50 years.
Now every case of inflation and farmer distress will be blamed on the farmer protest.
First of all, human by nature loves peace. And secondly, waging a war against any nation or group needs investment. Be it USSR or USA, today we all know what had happened to these countries. You lose people and money and nothing is gained. USA has invested 3 trillion dollars during these whole 20 years. We Indians talk about 3 trillion dollars economy but still we Indians die because of Corona. If you have lost some one or have watched news (not the Desh Bhakti ones), I am talking about NEWS which gives you information not a mentality of Hindu and Muslim then you must know how many we Indians have died during these pandemic. We Indians in 2021 are struggling, our GDP growth is the evidence of it. So, waging a war is not an option, yes no doubt if we push really hard to fight for it then we can win the war but the post war scenario will be really different, we may even become second Afghanistan in the world, there will be civil wars and protests all over the country. We Indians don't have to put our nose in some ones else matter. The best thing we can do is to remain neutral and analyse the situation as other neighbouring countries like China and Pakistan are doing. We don't want to waste money on stupid wars and give advantage to other countries like China or any neighbor country. And still if some people as I see here in the comment section who wants to show off by stating we can wipe out Afghanistan and Taliban, for your kind information, Afghanistan has seen war for the past 50 years and if you are good at history then you'll probably find out what advantages the Afghan people have in their home, mainly the geography of the country and not to forget that Taliban could do nothing without local people's support so what I am saying is Taliban has the upper hand no matter if USA or India intervene. The thing that Taliban doesn't want India to involve is because they don't want any useless bloodshed and it's the matter of their own country. If Taliban forms the government there in future then India should forget about other things and shake hands with them. Because our country has also invested 3 billions in developmental projects there. I can go on saying about all these but I don't want to because it's a matter of debate who wins or who lose, the rest depends on your knowledge and thinking. Jai Hind 
We support farmers 
Migrant Sikh farmers own and occupy large tracts of Benami farm lands in Terai regions owned by clearing forest and pastoral lands in the Terai regions fearing government action there has been conflicts over several decades.
Finally Farmers won 
Punjab soil fertility has decreased highly bcoz of rich n wheat cropping systems n decreasing  groundwater level. They used 5times more fertilizer than our Odisha farmer bcoz of our rice pulses cropping system and organic fertilizer.
To support the Indian people in their struggle for freedom, and corruption in India will make the common people more and more miserable. Fetch
Plz Indian's  support farmers 
Thanks all dear farmers .You fought bravely to bring before us the truth  This is freedom fight
but it is must needed to understand why only haryana and punjab?? when there is 2 cr farmers in UTTAR PRADESH and 10 lac only in punjab
Great way of explanation but I have one doubt If MSP legalise than consider if more farmer grow wheat and in market the surplus of wheat and consumer still have to buy it at high price. Govt. Can't fix price . Price fixed by market it self. Definitely govt. Need to  Control cartel and corporate interference.
No doubt hr community ka apna mulak hona chahye bhai.. I am very very thankful to my Allah that I am Pakistani and I am Muslim Rajput belong from India kernal... 
But the reality of the government controlled Mandi is that the poor farmer is usually forced to sell at whatever price the broker cartel at the Mandi decides. MSP usually comes when government procures directly through the FCI etc. For perishable items like brinjal  lemon etc he is forced to sell because he cannot take the produce back home. 
I don't understand. The smaller farmers will be screwed. How doesn't have the logistics funds to get out of the state and sell the crop.
I don't support modi, but the farm bill is a good  bill well we need to think more of market economy country rather than communist country where we give everything for free
One word to say "Justice "....we stand with our Farmers..#lakhimpur
In the end u mentioned land ceiling Act detrimental to farmers how? 
8. BJP refused to have a debate on the bills. They rushed them through.
I am just 17 but want to stand with our farmers but the leaders who are having a lot more brain can't see there our issuse,
I thought doing an "Indian" accent was racist and stereotyping. Or does it not apply to right wing supporters
When this bills are passed, your daily bill for farm produce will raise. Then maybe you will see the people living in cities come down to protest. Right now maybe all are laughing at the farmers in the cities. Good luck.
Priya, I really admire your efforts in making this unbiased video but the situation on ground is different. As a customer I was charged 7% for buying flowers (without any processing) in APMC... I wonder how much the farmer must have paid...
I don't support these 3 farm laws and also I didn't support this repeal. What gov have to do is make some changes in this farm laws as what some farmers demand like msp and all.
Not several states ....Mainly Punjab and Haryana....
A small shopkeeper also sells his goods at fixed prices. But a single farmer is the only one whose crop price is determined by other people. Why is it like this? I am also a son of farmer and support farmer protest.
I had an opinion on mr.modi as a leader who had guts,this handling of protests just shows he s just weak like other's..mayawati,jeyalalitha and even mamta banerjee would have handled this better..farmers can't keep on vandalising everything and govt should have guts to use force..BJP has failed and will appease any1 for votes.
Scrapping limits on storage of grains/food allowing private companies to store and raise prices artificially,  is the icing on the future planned farming  monopoly cake
Bengal is gone, with farmer's strike, Punjab is out of reach, and if UP also slips out of the hand, modi sarkar at the center will face difficulties... That is the reason for this change of mind....
The Taliban should take their Islamic rules back to Pashtunistan, Pakistan and other areas, not Afghanistan.  This oppression will not last.  Afghans will not put up with this.  They will fight back. Where is the coward international community and United Nations to stop this garage?  Why was this terrorist group ever allowed to take power?
I can see misleaded farmers on road...who don't have understanding about what is right for him in only for short term but also in long term....
Now Shree Narendra Modiji is against the Agricultural and Farming Community in Haryana Consisting mainly of the Hindu Jat and Sikh Community. 
If farmer Bill beneficial for country's development then why pm repel it ??
This is what happens when we have fools as our leaders, our farmers provide us food but they are the ones who starve
Spineless modi  now this will boost confidence of anti national elements. Farmer lost dakait won Enjoy democracy 
i am a RSS worker, but on this moment we have found BJP govt is not GOOD for our FARMERS. . if required we will not support BJP in election..... Jai Hind
I hope Taliban takes control of Pakistan then what to say
These laws bring Indian farming in line with how Canadian, European and American farming is done --- most of India has adopted these laws in one form or another. Punjabis are most to gain from current system and are operating a cyclic bi-culture of rice and wheat that's destructive to the environment. They don't want things to change in India and most of them moved from India to avoid the stifling market conditions for farming.... Absolute fucking hypocrites!!!
3:13 this is the bjp government versus farmers ..
He is either a politician or a middle man from "Sugarcane mafia".  AGRO reforms are for the benefit of farmers.  It is APPALLING that GOI does not have knowledgable spokespersons in the HUNDREDS if NOT in Thousands to spread CRISP and CORRECT information about AGRO Reforms!
3. MSP is the life line for farmers when the price goes down below the cost of production. Of course nothing has been done to it.
4) The reason of appeal is not clearly told by farmers that why they need repeal. Is it MSP or what. MSP is already guaranteed so what are they fighting for?? 
salute to the spirit of farmers
We must try to project Yogi ji for next PM.
5) Contract farming system(though is could lead to exploitation of farmers by big companies) is relevant for farmers who own large land but what about the farmers who own small lands.
India support our farmers 
Yh Sirf election k liya modi ne phir b vo harega
The condition of Indian media is like dogs swooping down for a bread.
Why does he not cover middle men and the supply chain resulting in the loss of income for farmers? The middle has won more than the farmers.
Iske bakkal to assembly election k bad yogi ji tarenge
Real farmers lost and middlemen won
Private companies will take care of the pricing for farmers.
NO FARMER 
Just a strong prayer for my farmer  of my Country  to get their Justice  in best  way, all of them including  police force are risking their life hope it should not turn a war ...peace be with u all my countrymen ..
Supporting farmers protest , When govt not listen then shout loud till their ears bleeding to hear farmers 
These laws enormously BENEFITTED the small and marginal farmers, but NOT the middlemen.
From defarming that 76% to more manageable percentage. So Modi ji is doing the needful!
Narinder modi big brother of Taliban
I hope everyone understand the situation of the farmers and stop calling them anti-nationals it is not good for the country and other neighbouring countries can take advantage of that.
Am farmer trader exporter from Maharashtra, this is very revolutionary move, farmers have to unite and find a stable ground, more then70% of farmer holds land less then 1.5 acre,(40000 square feet).
I am upsc inspired so this video very clearly understood   farm bills. Sir thank-you so much
I would be so happy if India could have gifted some more to the afghans because Taliban could have get it for free rides
If you love farmers then say government to implement the MSP to the whole India not only for Haryana and Punjab..... Because 88% people belong to only Haryanavi and Punjabi who benefited this MSP
No farmers,  no food , starve. Simple.
Support to farmers.  salute!!
Like his father, this Rakesh Tikaith is a big Lier and a stooch to Congress and SP
Kisan bills were also against constitution
In India Physically Handicapped pay Income Tax whereas even Super Rich Farmers do not.
When these bills are so good and favourable for farmers then why these farmers apposing these bills? As per these protest it seems that these protesters are not real farmers these are brokers who wants earn more profits than the real farmers who grows such agricultural products with their efforts. I support these bills
Such a shameless anchor she is. She is openly saying 700+ shaheed farmers means nothing. Shame on you !
What is BJP going to do when voters who supported them feel like this
What's the guarantee the corporates won't end up exploiting the farmer...?
Wow what clear journalism! Cant find this much information and clarity in our Indian media.
Thank you Ma'am, for literally not being able to recognise, even being a journalist, that, AAP sewaks were as Kisan sewaks, Thank You for seeing AAP as a common Indian n a common Kisan samarthak.
What about the terrorism of these farmers? They have blocked so many roads without any logic. People are losing their jobs, businesses are getting closed due to blockade of highways. When they have moved to the SC, why are they blocking highways? We should never support these farmers. Farmers have lost trust of common man.
Oh my God that is India, the biggest democracy of the world  LOL
Let political parties listen it and aware of these facts.very important.politics should not be in the matter of farmers.
India having 28 states and 7 ut now the que is why only 2 state farmers are doing protest not other 26 states and 6 uts. This law is applied to whole country . Now understand the chronology . Some countries funding for this protest . 
It surely is a win for the rich so called farmers who in turn fund political parties
If you want to really understand Farmer's situation...then watch GODAAN of Gulzaar....It was launched on DD ..all episodes are available on YouTube...
The FARMERS R OUR SOUL they give us LIFE n they're like GOD n we have to full support to them....
If, as SG says, the present agitation is not about the FARM BILLS but about POLITICS, then the abovesaid strategy seems to be the best available option for the Govt to not lose its face on the ongoing agitation......
 they are so powerful, they made USA led alliance a joke and lesson for other countries threatening taliban , India should watch it's media and step back they don't forgive their enemies that's taliban be aware 
Government is too soft to solve these problems....Government should clear all the highways blocked by these so called farmers. They are not nationals...by doing all these blockades they are destroying indian economy.
What a cheap Government.... Attacking the Farmers that feed the people... Where are the Indian Citizens hiding...Why I don't see them supporting the farmers ???
Good work by farmer
Secondly, there is no tax on farmer, rather buyers pay the tax
Rioting at our proud Redfort on republic day  can not be done by peaceful farmer protestors.they are anti-national ,pro khalistani..disrespecting Guru Govind singh ji 'legacy...
If Kisaan does not want those kisaan bill for them why illiterate Modi dont understand it he should start making tea , leave it chai wale fuddu Modi
Nice presentation on APMC TAXATION but mam kya protest sirf Punjab ke kisan ker rhe no body else ....gujrat ke pass apne source hai taxes ke ,MH ke pass apne ....Punjab ke pass or kya hai fertile  land ke sivaye .....I believe ki gov APMC ki condition sudhare mai kaam kre to wo in reforms se jyada better hoga
We are with Rakesh tikait ji
They're not farmers, God Bless Them.
Farmers unity zindabad.all opposite party.leaders zindabad
Look at it this way : money goes directly to Farmers account. Middlemen are out. Will not the individual farmer support Modi  ?
Godi media. Farmers is right
People from a single state (Punjab) by those so-called farmers which are actually *sellers* want to continue their *monopoly over crop procurement* and *don't want farmers of other state become wealthier* . Farmers of other states like UP Bihar WB are very poor and these farm laws would be beneficial for them.
Height of misinformation spread by congress among Punabi farmers. 
Through the 3rd bill anyone can store any amount of commodity thereby increasing the demand and hence leading to inflation
Some ppl are saying this are rich ppl not farmers ....
Shame on Indian Government  They don't understanding farmers pain They demand their own rights  Guarantee 
Also, SG sir, would request you to cover legitimate farmers' apprehensions like 
nice joke bus on road side godi media zamir bech deya hai keya ..vo vi dekho jo police k gunde pakade the kal protest m jo bus k mirror thord rahe the
For victory, stay united.  This government will try everything to divide and rule.  Be careful of the GODI media.  I am a proud Indian and Punjabi, we will only return when MSP and other demands have been met.  Jai Jawan Jai Kisan.
A victory for our great farmers.... An act of desperation by the govt in view of the forthcoming election in UP
The farmers have the right to use the vote politics  card to get their legitimate demands met by the deaf regime of Modi-Yogi-cronies. The government has used every dirty trick to malign, weaken, scare and harm the farmers. Vote politics is the only appropriate tool left for the farmers to use. It is democratic, it is legal, it is non violent- acceptable in all Democratic countries.   So they have to take that route.  The media should not question or blame them. This is different than entering Politics or contesting elections.
Damn damn.. it gave me a Crystal clear vision over what's going on.. Indian Media, the tweet fests going on and with everything else it all seemed so vague.. thank you for this video. 
Respected Shekhar Gupta Sir, I am great admirer of your journalism and have been following your work from the days of kaar seva when I was just a teen-ager. Sir, with due respect, I beg to differ from you somehow when you say that BJP has lost this battle. On the contrary, my view is that if anything BJP has succeeded in it's so far strategy of countering the anti-farm laws agitation. And, I find this answer in your statements of this episode. I agree with you completely that his agitation is no more about farm laws, but now purely a politics. And I have my doubts that political pundits who decide BJP's strategy would not have ponder on the point that giving a leverage of 18 months halting period could affect their upcoming elections in UP and elsewere, especially if we all know now that it is just politics about this agitation. What I mean to say is that government knew very well, leaders of this agitation will not accept the condition of 18 months postponement of implementation of laws and they floated this offer with utmost care keeping all the outcomes in view. And by not accepting the offer, farmers leaders have actually fallen into the trap. I also have an impression, this strategy of BJP can even sow seeds of disagreements among farmer leaders. Though that is just a guess-feel. 
I support farmers.
Now opposition will ask for resignation of Modiji
Very bad treatment with farmers
Sad he saw his own father killed infront of his eyes.Minister gunda son ni kitne pariwar barbad ker diya.Besharm miniter bola mera beta ni kush nahi kiya.Thefamily looks middleclass farmer.peoplemust help to provide legal  assistance to fight for justice.
RIP martyred farmers and Indian journalism.
abp news should also ask our PM FM HM CM on 2 crore jobs, doubling of farmers income. petrol diesel lpg price loot, inflation, selling of PSU and banks, NPA, old pension policy, schools and hospitals etc. the public is interested in these core issues and will vote only on these basis.
Please keep Farmer's Protest coverage going on......
No skills ,no persuasion, no sophistication in governance because all they know is arrogance. If they had just talked to farmers before the bill, took them into confidence, opposition would not have been able to take advantage.
In addition...farmers must pay taxes sas of every body else. Contry runs on taxes.
Victory to our farmers
Great talk, well explained, even better than government of India. Maybe SG should talk to farmers and they will stop getting brainwashed .
Farmers were right
Punjab and up elections are the reason. 
So these is naturally a hijack protest in which small farmers lost thier lives. And those dalals won b'coz country is dealing with internal threats of these khalistanis funded by china & pakistan. 
So it's good, Let the free market work. When governments set prices they ruin the economy. It never works. Props to India.
u said that there are loopholes in the bills becoz of which farmers are protesting, but thing is many farmers  doesn't even know the clear picture of these bills(even many educated people), then how come they are so concerned about the loopholes the thing is that the middleman is making it a political war and these farmers are their soldiers in which most of them doesn't even know the actual thing...
Plz reality show   n tell .media should support kisan
Bjp has a power eggo bjp govt modi ji doesn't measure strength of any political social andolan they always believe andolan altimetly collapsed but they wrong they have no management how to takle kisan hesitation now all poltical party shooting in back chanel .kisan andolan make more trouble in future.
I'm from Madhya Pradesh (india), no one talking about the local small business based on farming but  got amazed that Vox bring it up thanks. 
No public was reported hurt.  It's sad a 24 year old protestor was shot in the head. All criticising farmers should  go and find out who is that anti national criminal who shot him  Again you should appreciate the effort and just try to imagine  the kind of great risks the farmers took. You should be brave and should posses a quality to belive in a cause. Spineless people lwill never understand that . So don't bother 
i support the farmers because govt violated the principles of " parliamentary form of govt"..without discussing the bills with all stakeholders including oppositions and farm leaders...and passed these bills with "voice votes". and i am farmer from baghpat(UP)..mahri ganno(sugarcane)  ki payment nai milti 1 saal tak..ar rate 3 saal te 325/quintal hi h aaj lo despite inflation rate is very high including raw materials. just implement the recommendations of Swaminathan report. Atleast dont labell us terrorists, tukde tukde etc..please...just do live  debate with us..jai hind jai jawan jai kisan
I support farmers, 
This joker Tikait is now making it clear that he doesn't care about farm laws or farmers. He is only trying to be limelight till UP elections where he had lost twice previously. He is trying his luck this time and will keep making noises.
What i think will be beneficial is to give VRS to all farmers with the best pension and free house and free provisions for 2 generation as the loyal citizens served the nation and thy world. Let agriculture be privatized and let educated engineers enter the field and use technology to manage. I'm sure, our yield will be 1000% more than the present. The only condition is to honour the legacy farmer to the best of best.
This is one of the biggest protest in recent history. Already 75 days have passed. 160 farmers  already died. So, it is natural that there will be world wide attention.
"Singhasan Khaali Karo Ke Janata Aaati Hai" - on behalf of the oppressed students,  farmers,  doctors, workers,  artists, minorities  ,the entire lower and middle class of India.we don't knock...we knock out.
         And Godi media is still crying that BJP/RSS is a Desh-Bhagat.
"Which does not surprise me , because nobody on earth is more patient than a farmer"  - that's true Trevor
Im a Rubber farmer from Kerala. We have been through this problem before. MSP guarantee does not work, as it just cannot be implemented. MSP for rubber today is 175,/-actual realisation 150/-. The tyre cartels control the keys at the centre. This has been the state of affairs for the last decade. The central government allows duty free import of rubber under the pretext of export of Tyres. Im all for liberalisation as lon as the other parameters are not doctored ( like wages). Let the free market prevail.
Iss baar BJP Zamanat Zapt Haaregii  SP _ RLD + 350 Seats ... Congress 20 _  30 Seats / Rest BSP (BJP B Team) _ BJP (Deshdrohi Chatukaar Party) ... Real ground Report and Exit Poll ... Godi Media kitne bhi OPIUM bikey huey FAKE Poll dikhaa le BENGAL & Delhi se bhi buraa haal hogaa CHATUKAAR BJP Deshdrohi Party ka 
Please tell about 600 farmers which are dead. Are their families get any compensation for this
This protest is so wrong and now it proves that its all politics...They just want to ruin the very important day of the country and its so sad to see ...I just wanna ask that where these so called farmers minister are who said that they'll take the responsibility and will do a quite protest....I oppose this protest and tractor march..Jai hind 
Im my MPhil research understood market only increase productivity but had hardly benefited farmers
Unfortunately, the media did not pursue champions of the laws from within the silent majority and give them airtime in equal measure. Mobilization of stake holders (in this case farmers) in cities & towns across India, albeit on weekends, would have forced Protesters & Politicians opposed to these laws to ratchet down their rhetoric and forced the media to present a counter narrative.
Then what is the meaning of having a democracy if you dont debate on such crucial bills....1991 India was way different from today...Remember private corporates can not handle the bumper production of Indian farmers so in the end farmers have to sell it at a meagre price
This is not acceptable.. removal of indian flag at any cost either farmer or police.. this is the responsibility of both sides to protect  and respect at least indian flag
Rather than taking view of foriegn media. Let check local media point of view towards it. Iam also belong to farmer family. Iam not oppose farmer but so called Indians ( opposition party) want to grab advantage to counter government. The laws were demanded previously but now government is change.
Mohdi is telling you . .that this is the international border, this side Hindustan . .that side Khalistan. What is the confusion? Congratulations on your independence . .Khalistan Zindabad
I appreciate all the farmers those who are participating at the protest in Delhi today, I  always support you
Tight slap on godi media thanks bro 
Farmer protest in a peaceful manner but the police(which are under modi government) hits the farmer with sticks or pelting on him.This is totally a failure of the BJP (Modi)government.
Please arouse your conscience and stop biased reporting in favour of Corporate and Arrogant Bjp govt. The hard working, honest common man is sleeping on roads in cold. Please stand with the farmers 
Sirji... Sachche mann se repealed farm laws ko kanoon banao aur wo hi sachche mann se fuel ko gst ke under dal do
Salute to your channel. Please always be honest and truthful to public and country as you are now. Big salute to NDTV and all ndtv reporters. Save farmers 
250 million good joke.. I live in Delhi, and my assessment is this protest never saw support of even 25 million farmers. And even 25M is not even 2% in India.
Barricades were placed because they never had Permission  to take out rallies before 12 noon. How can farmers carry swords and lathis during the rally. They are rich middle men. I have been to Punjab and I know how farming is done and how much they do. Its 3 times more than other parts of India. Most of them are not farmers and what all they wanted was to create maximum chaos so that world listen to them. It was all well planned to tarnish the Indian image internationally.
master stroke... wah this godi media has no other work.. well paid by bjp
Only NDTV I showing everything doesn't matter negative or positive it shows everything unlike Modi success who only show things which are good for bjp
Wil Arnab trend modi with khalistanis or will he say, masterstroke?
And I don't think the farmers have swollowed the whole repealing, at all hindi 
Beautiful, since long I was waiting for this beautiful. Going to share it with my friends and family but 2/3 things you have smartly ignored. 1 Govt tax. On farmers and middleman. 2. Employment created by Pvt players. 3. Formalising the farm/agriculture economy. These are huge factors. Thats why I support this Farm bill.
You mentioned at the end their is MSP is on 23 crops. But do you know how much farmers are getting paid for cotton inspite of MSP?
Proud to be punjabi .. love the atomesphere .. amazing vibes.. kissan Majdoor Ekta Zindabad
Indian agriculture sector needs reforms since the old laws are failing to help farmers in current times as evident from the charts described in your documentary. Currently, the state has a monopoly over purchasing farmers produce, leading to rampant corruption in the system deteriorating farmers condition even more. Farmers can not sell their produce outside the designated mandis, denying them freedom to trade. While the 21st century is all about market driven economy, the farmers in India are still grappling with archaic license raj system which must go now.   
And they say bills are in favor of farmers.
Massive respect to everyone supporting farmers.
Ms. Shirin Ji, when Modi and other political parties conducted election rallies, roadshows during west bengal assembly elections no one followed Covid-19 norms like no mask, no social distancing right? did you you your news channel opposed/pointed out the violations done by political rallies, roadshows? How much truth your channel is showing to general public?
I am the educated son of farmer.... And i like modiji... No one pm like this person 
Sir, why can't the government implement these laws in all states except Punjab and Haryana?
I want these farm bills. I am also farmer's son. I used to be a member of Kisan Sangh 1 and half years ago. But people call me traitor. I think people need to be sensible and understand that these farm bills are what we farmers need
If everyone had United and protested years ago against the government, including students, aged, farmers and all, we would not have seen this day
First media person should ask annaji about those 3 farm bills and confirm it's unbiasness... whether he is aware or not....
Given the plight of our farmers, please try to buy directly from these farmers if & when possible. Most of us have extended families living in villages, and it would be helpful if we buy something from farmers from these very villages.
We can see the difference how Tamil Nadu farmers peacefully protected in delhi for 3 months vs Punjab business goons leading violently.
We are proud of Modiji and we are very sad that some people could not understand Modiji.
Modijis Considering about Farm Laws is  Due to Gandhi Neherus  Successful Democracy development
These protests were and will continue to be COVID super spreader event . Way before elections and kumbh ,"farmers" started the protests flouting covid norms and covid appropriate behavior.
I think govt will never back out in buying crops at MSP as it already increased the list of food items under MSP. And  only handful (In India context) about 7% farmers sell their produce at MSP . Time is also come to increase some private investment in agriculture and cold storage as we see in states like UP, Bihar many farmers leaving agriculture and doing meagre work in cities since Agriculture in no more sustainable for them.My only concern is rather than making 'One India One Rule' central govt should allow state govts to make rules for agriculture in their particular states as states know better of their people need they will implement this law at right time when their people are ready.
Many of western countries trying to sell their excessive food corps to india and other asian countries through WTO so they have pressured india to abolish subsidies farming practices like msp..and if the farmers of india will not get any subsidies,there will be a automatic choice to them that they go through the trap of capitalist and it will help the farmers of USA and Europe to invest in the indian agriculture in form of contract farming...but in the result of that after few decades definitely we become the export oriented countries in different cash corps but it will grab our lands of food corps..and then we have to depend on the USA or European countries for our foods.. definitely food prices will hike..some time we may starve as exporting countries may betray..so in my knowledge it will be a massacre..we dont lose our self dependency in food corps and dont abolish the msp like system as it is the backbone of our country...
Earlier even i thought that modi govt   is a weak govt whom anyone can blackmail. after i saw that it took no action in Bengal and maharashtra and obviously this tikaits farzi andolan.  But i was wrong. Modi does things very strategically. He reaches to the core and when has all cards ready . He strikes. and choke the neck from all sides  leaving no escape  routes for the wrong people.
U need to understand Taliban in not Modi they do what they say..
there are some pros and cons in that new farm bills ...but in india >75% marginal framers so in this way cons are more .....
The three farm laws will come statetwise after elections.
Rahul gandhi is fearless against BJP & modi, but BJP & modi are afraid of him. Because of that BJP has paid media, social media to damage his image. But still he is fighting...
Farmers don't know how to produce effective
Without the farmers,No Food on our tables.
Best PM of India  Modi
Proud of these farmers!
Why they agitating against modiji, he is representative of india. These people gave vote before and now showing double standards. Please dont do against modiji(india). His beard is more white please understand.
Salute to farmers  
       RIP to 700 Farmer who died during protest.
Congratulations to all brave farmers and brave news laundry team
Remember how Jio internet was free for 1 year? When you got hooked, it was Rs 199 and now Rs 350. Zor ka jhatka dheere se lage! The same will happen to farmers.
It is clear BJP had noting more to loose electorally if it did not recall the farm laws or gain if it recalled the farm laws. So, then what was the other strong reason, which meant sacrificing Modi's strongman image was justified? Perhaps a war with China or Pak is in the offing???
I support Farm Bills. I support *free market capitalism* .
PM has regrettably given into the andolan-Jeevis and it is regrettable! The egg is on his face now! What ever political expediency derived out of it will be a small gain compared to emboldening the break India forces and their agents with their workable tactics! The losers are the poor farmers and the credibly of the Government. If they wanted to relent, he could have left it with the States to take it up or not!
I hope the  farm laws stand and don't fail.i wonder if the civil rights movement or even India's freedom had been fought when social media was around ,would we be living the same lives.We need to step up our game against information warfare
My grandfather, father where farmer but my father never tell me to become farmers.
So many election during this law.Bjp won all this election.
The govt. is just giving additional options to the farmers by allowing private sector, an not just limiting them to Mandis.
What a fantastic analysis by Shekhar Ji he should be in Centre delegation team negotiating with farmers 
I can't stop my tears during watching this video........Heartly congratulations to all farmers and also thanks a lot to you 
But internally 80% khalistani and Pakistani it cell is working so that they can increase riots in india.
3. Where the mandis are few in between, do these laws help those farmers
Or they may not be farmers at all. 
2. post dialogue with farmers and govt ,On december 9th clarified with 10 point 
Owners of cold storages and warehousing he are worried of their monopoly as farmer's have choice to sell anywhere
Sad to read the comments, I want to ask all users in this group.  How many of us have tried to explain the 3 farmers laws to actual farmers around us? When the laws were introduced, many government officials tried to convince people and now when are pulling it back, we are judging them? I can understand that everything in this issue is always politicize but as a citizen of India what we have done to support these laws. Many celebrities and influential persons have objected against these laws but very few has supported it. This shows that we all Indians have failed to bring a change in our country. If we want to bring a change, we have to change, first.
No.1 show in news channels in India,  we Support you
modi thanks for putting india on right track
Bjp party terirest party in India go back go back modi all state in India go back go back modi
Salute to all the kisaan and ravish Kumar for creating havoc in the country. Jai jawaan jai kisaan jai Congress
If only someone took the time to explain it so well to the protesting farmers
Taliban seized Indian gifted underwear. Macho brand.
Jai hind jai bharat  farmers Power 
"Your small contribution will be farmers Life Line''
My View:- Farmer is NOT " annadaaata" for my Nation or me. Annadaata for me is myself. I work and I eat. My family is traditionally farmer. My Grandfather cultivated for himself. All farmers work in field for him. Not for nation. Dont call them Annadaata. 
India's freedom movement was also started from Punjab and haryana which was united Punjab before and later people who were clerk's of British government like Gandhi and nehru ,Jinnah etc.photocopied it.
I support farmers and also aap
okk so i am a daughter of a farmer and i know the ground reality !!
The real farmers are in the fields.
India will feel the wrath of this in future.. Reforms were really needed.. Most of the protesting farmers are not real....
Farm Bills Will Create Utter Chaos, Farmers Already Subject to Murderous Price Fluctuations' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAQ-l2U4sAg
We must support afganistan at this juncture. When Taliban captures the whole afganistan, it will be catastrophic for India. Military intervention is the need of the hour.
138 Crore- people of Indians are eating daily food because of farmer day& night effort and hardship. Should the PM and CM's sensible to that? No concerns by GOI so far
Agri expert ne no of suicide Nahi batae America mein.. American farmer's so called decreasing income is also 10 times of Indian farmers.
Which  Indian  party  tried  to  makes  ordinary farmers  terrorist  ?
So called farmers leaders should be arrested and put up in port Blair jail.
Rakesh takait and yoginder Yadav are behaving like Kapil Sharma comedy show even at this time and is behaving like ...........whom
Only farmers can unite us again..irrespective of religion...
What I have to say is that the agricultural sector in India clearly needs reforms. Agriculture sector badly needs high-end technologies, digital tools, entrepreneurs and farmer organisations to provide services to farmers. But the framework to reform it should also provide adequate safeguards to the farming community and clear out their doubts and fears. They should not be left to linger in concerns about the enactments. Necessary changes can also be made upon consultation and hearing their views because they are are the ones, without any bad influence of dirty politicians.
omg these r farmers??
Sir, can't we fix that what you buy from farmers you can sell just 5 % more to APMC, then 3 more to retailers and retailers can sell it to at 5% more by this common man and consumer will be benefitted. 
"Modi Government has been wise in cutting their losses and retreat", OMG the completely unnecessary CAA crap that Modi threw on this nation ended with Delhi Burning. What was very wise about that retreat? The Print has lost its mind because of the repeal of the farm laws.
The flag for which gandhiji has taken three bullets in his chest. Lala lajpath rai has taken several lathiyas and many more such leaders and this ashamed farmers taken this national flag  identity in just one second
BJP ll gain bcoz he ll hit other political parties which didn't support the beneficial law. BJP plans so ahead. It ll get votes of educated, the small farmers who are against middle men and nobody can question them that they didn't try to help farmers of India.
Pakistani here, and I pass my heart and support to the Indian farmers. 
Up Election Modi jee Up Election
I am son of a farmer . I studies the law And I realised It was Good law for farmers . But I am genuinely  surprised . But it's OK nothing will change but till now thing will only continues: By Son Of an Indian Farmer
4. Even if farmers contact buyers via middlemen, there will be little or no scope of bribes due to the cap of 10%
Most of us indians are with our farmers... Jai Kisan 
Regarding MSP u better ask a farmer, the rice even produced frm a single land will not be of same quality. So if there is hundred kg, seventy will get good price, and for the remaining , price will be lower. Some times at the time of harvesting rain may come, or lot of problems which can affect the quality and price. More than that, Since india is a member of WTO, corporates have a choice to buy low cost food crops frm other countries. And Central govt. is spending billions of rupees every year in the agriculture sector through various subsidies and schemes.And in the  NEWSPAPERS we can check the prices of crops daily...(,Pls CHECK)
After kisaan aandolan I started hating this pm modi bcoz I also belongs to a farmer family so I can feel the pain of farmers and I also know the strength, unity and strong determination of farmers to face any struggle in life ...!!
Thank you for supporting and highlighting this protest Vox ... great appreciation from India, as indian media has got completely corrupt n unwilling to show the reality  
 9. In 2021 january govt gave a option to protesting farmers union that it will hold the laws till 2 years until 
Farmers only present in punjab
Shekhar has defended the 3 bills with total commitment and conviction. These reforms were long pending and it is good that Modi undertook them, even if under the covid crisis. We can now say that a new age for Indian agriculture has finally begun and in next 10 years, we will see big changes in rural areas.
Jai Jawan Jai Kisan. Only they can go thru such harsh conditions and we cant even appreciate their struggles. Shame on those who are not supporting Kisans
Why police start rude behave first punjab kisans are not the spoons of gandhj ji they are the sons of guru gobind singh ji they know how to create the path
I don't understand from where these farmers are getting time and money to continue the protest. Farmers all around the country are busy in harvesting the kharif crops (September to October) how come these farmers have time to protest.?
Tomatoes rate getting to farmers is Rs. 9/-  in Tamil Nadu, but in Kerala the price is Rs. 110/-. Mediators & Vyabharis are looting farmers and Tikait helping looters instead of farmers.
Farmers have to be treated good. Without them, there will be a food crisis and many more issues.. This is unacceptable. Shameless politicians.
When MSP is secured, crop insurance is there, farmers can think of running the bills for three years to see it's working and benefits. When potato, onion and tomato were selling at or above Rs 60 , no farmers got the benefits. When farmers seeing changes, getting incentives, getting timely payments, getting loan waivers, after having suffered for 70 years, farmers must try the bills as an option for at least three years.
Well , What About the Economy Crash in Lockdown and petrol hikes. Stop playing the word game. Manipulation is at whole another level.  Don't play the tax card. We are already paying it in the form of our fuel. If you talking about minority , yes one minority is only being affected and targeted . So , Choose your words wisely and talk about the lost farmers the " local of delhi "
Hope the democracy may prevail and farmers leading the process. Sorry for the 745 farmers who lost their lives during a year long protest inbetween militry brutald,  riots, winters, summers, rains and pandemic deaths.
I am with farmers.
Those 6 Dislikes are of fake farmers
Thus this law was necessary for the farmers to become independent.
b) wasn't contract farming already allowed in agriculture before the bills? if yes, how is this different?
Did indian youth support farm law?
      By the way i m in job but my back ground is Farmer family. I know farming and we do farming in Organic methods with traditional bull and cart system, We are not doing Politics becoz we are real Farmers.
Correct your facts first, not 70% but 84.67% farmers of india are small scale farmers
Ok it means that they had accepted khalistani demands, As they earlier they said that these farmers were khalistanis.
We support farmers always , if really worked for former,government spend money on Research &development  ,there health &Education .
Sir contract farming lo farmers lands companies chethiki velthai antunnaru kada , asalu farmers Enduku valla lands ni companies ki ammkuntaru? E type farming valla raithulaku okavela loss continue gaa casthe ammukune chance undi, kani deeni dwara farmers ki profit a vasthundi kada sir.
We got to ask cong as to why their ex punjab cm  is now into bjp sounds rediculous
Our government is really great they listen and do what the farmers want them to do really appreciate my government's work. No matter that farmers were wrong or may be right
As per W.T.O rules Indian government definitely removed MSP. That condition farmers knew , so farmers don't trust farm laws.
The anchor and her language seems to be modified to the tune of direction and production. Not the Tv directors and producers, the directors who now a days fund the media.
because they take care of their people , they make policies to make their citizens strong financially,medically , their people are living quality life , their youth has bright future not like us tweeting for ssc and railway exams . I don't know why our countrymen become blind devotee of Govt , i mean will they ever dare to question this govt why the farmers are protesting for almost a calendar year , the same farmers who grow foods for us .. why our people are shameless , selfish , arrogant ? it amazes that this current govt's every policies goes against the welfare of citizens ... God help those who helps themself anyway don't think that you are safe but one day you will come on roads for any reasons for sure...
Really impressed by the resolve of Sikhs and farmers.... salute to them
I have always supported the farmers protest. despite loving the farm bill. I thought if the farmers didnt like it there must be some wrong with the law  ,but this is not protest ,its pure hatred.
farmers are not agreeing for MSP cofirmation which govt agreed
Same on Delhi police why they fire us even our 2 kisans die and more than 20 farmers were injured seriously
2) Government need to formulate the law & create the framework which ENSURES that farmer should be funded with the promised amount as per the contract.
They are farmers not terrorist..
Salute to the Honest & Generous Farmers of India & Kudos to them .
Looking at Punjab elections.. Shame
Here we can witness the fact that members of the rulling party always node their heads to every right and every wrong. When the bills are to passed they all agreed. Now when the bills are to repealed, all of them agreed to repeal without any objections.
Police's action against farmers make them more aggressive. So stay back. And it's a warning to the modi.
Now farmers of India  will be able contribute % in GDP
You know respect any hard-working people you are respect only corporation you said everything you are destroyed country you are destroyed full call me what are you talking about Indian rupees no value who responsible only BJP today because you divide people this your fault who killing farmer you guy who destroyed road Highway you guy come on 
Farmers suicide is high among farmers those produces  crops that are not covered by MSP. This facts is good enough to understand why India failed its farmers in South India. Bill essentially said that now onwards state will have sole responsibility to protect their farmers with a parallel system of procurement of crops when market price falls down. States such as West Bengal is doing it for quite some time and by passing FCI procurement systems to supply food to other states such a Tamil Nadu or Kerala. Food deficient states will have to have forward trade agreement with food surplus states in order to establish a new equilibrium in crops supply. In other words central government has minimised its responsibility for procurement and redistribution of food in India.
Please support farmers
The subsidy which is given to farmers in the form of MSP can be diverted in the form of subsidy on cheaper electricity, seed, fertilizers etc .... Doesn't it make sense when the subsidy is given directly to beneficiary then being diverted to through middle man...
NOW the Govt is trying to break the Farmers and ultimately THIS GOVT will force the entire nation to SLAVERY. ..to be at the MERCY of MODI...DEMOCRACY will go to the DUST BIN.
Traders when have to buy will buy from plaes where its available at cheaper prices be ti from other  countries and our farmers will suffer when traders dont buy from them . Think of the chines products that have infested indian stores in all sextors bcause of the congress free trade policy by great MMS when he was the FM in 1991. 
Indian Farmers zindabad..very very sad to watch this andolan..our own Farmers treated like foreigners...very touching..
You are speaking truth, we farmers will support you for lifetime.
Indian farmers have been holding peaceful protests for months now all across the country against the farm laws and had a planned tractor rally across various routes on the Republic day, as agreed with the Delhi police. But, on the day, many rogue farmers faulted the plan and attacked the red fort where the republic day parades happen (a place of high security). Many farmer leaders disavowed these groups and stayed on with the peaceful protests cooperating with the police. Nevertheless, months of efforts have been demeaned by the actions of a few.
When the guy hosted nishan saheb there,I literally told my mom.. "Ye ab sb kuch government ke favor me chla gya, 60 din barbaad ho gye" Because of obvious reason (media).
It is worth noting that the farmers freedom was never curtailed legally in the state-level APMCs Act. The reason why APMC statutes were brought in decades ago continues to remain in terms of exploitation of farmers in their market interfaces, and nothing much has changed on that front for small and marginal land holders of the country. The reality is thatonly 36% of farmers produce gets traded in regulated markets. There were however restrictions on traders and buyers operating outside the mandis. While the other trade needs to be decriminalised, that cannot be understood to be de-regulation.
Bjp chor modi chor sharm kar
My salute to farmers let's election come we teach lesson to BJP
We shouldn't see only one aspect of any situation which our media/social media tells us.... Jai Jawaan Jai Kisaan
After UP election- modi g be like "it was a prank guy's there was a camera"
Agriculture should become non-profit cooperative business model, by assuring basic income for all farmers and having control of the land through cooperative setup.  This will eliminate corporates who want to become rich and who dont want to be regulated... India is a poor country, we should have regulation in everything  and all Industries should become non-profit cooperative business enterprise model like AMUL and AAVIN.   #CooperativeSocialism   is the way to go...
Do you even know what khalistan is?? Every thing has a limit they were staying at the borders for 52 days peacefully . moreover if they wanted khalistan they would have unrooted the main tricolor flag and waved the kisan flag. Dont be blind and biased . 
Dear protesting farmer/brother, don't believe on words only
I want the government to pass a law that when people like me take up consultancy to educate farmers, the farmers should pay me a minimum support price. There should be no constraint on what subject I advise them on, or its utility. They can not deny business to me. It must be guaranteed by the farmers.
Small and poor farmers will suffer with this decision of government, hope educated people will understand this & put individual interest behind nation interest.....
Farmers of india unfurling the tricolour and hoisting khalsa flag if this is farmer's protest how is it even Communal
Undoubtedly it is defeat of poor farmers of the country and the victory of those who are fraud , criminals , destroyer and blind .
Unlike most of godi media someone is saying truth. 
4. Farmville like visible e-marketplace where everyone can see online what others are growing very transparently with real time Navic/Bhuvan GPS satellites and soil health card reports. Here every farmer can put a price tag well before the crop mature, so that buyers, cultivators can line-up.
How dare anyone misbehaves with farmers.
I'm a farmer myself in India and I do support the govt... It's helping us in numerous ways... Not all Indian farmers are protesting you know
I support the farmers of India and no to corporations..There must be a new govt for the people
Just if some one blocking capital high ways for weeeks that's a serious issue for govt too...was there discussions with govt? How many rounds? Does govt come down to satisfy the farmers? ...there were committees setup..but no conclusion.
Good move because khalistani and anti Indian elements were trying to make inroad in the shield of farm laws.
Same thing will happen in open market also.. Farmers will become price takers only
Health. Govt should take back the laws in the interest of the farmers.
God be with you all and with our hon'ble Farmers ...
He ordered like General Dyer, "no one should escape live". All who feel it is right, would need to smash their head against the wall to feel atleast small pain what farmers had suffered.
Left ideology is dangerous for our future generations India did not develop because most of NGOs and Human rights activists are of left Ideology their history is of violence they think Rich people like Tata , Reliance,  Adani are exploiting the poor and their resources What Congress did their News Anchors did not report for 70 years for positions and black money secularism is their agenda because they know to dominate Hindus they have to divide them by caste, reservations, religion, law, removing their true History , Hiding facts from public , Every religion has a religious place churches in Goa , Jama masjid in delhi and Golden temple for Sikhs but no Ram temple for 80 % population for 70 years because of whom all religions came to birth in India  so Hindus feels cheated for so many years and these Gunda party Congress who wanted to promote vulgarity through Bollywood , divide people, all congress advisors were Left Naxal ideology people who support China against India that is why most of the trade we imported from CHINA even what happened at Golden temple was because advisors of Indra Gandhi were left ideology people from India who Support Communist  party of china they are in Press, JNU, Offices , Students that is why they stand with anti India forces in the name of Human rights and also stop development work so people of India remain poor and slowly revolt against Govt this game is going on in North east , Naxal affected areas for so long they use Twitter,  what's app groups, to mobilize  crowds by spreading rumours and in security in public time has come to expose these Anti National forces India 
Farmers are backbone of country
In india if anyone haveing education they r not willing to do farming. They want to go outside do job. Thts harse reality as well
Current Mandi system also has huge issues...we keep worrying about farmers situations but don't want to change the old laws. How can that be?
Being from farmers background and currently a practicing lawyer, I can definitely say that these farm bills have the power to revolutionize the entire farming industry. It will definitely be helpful in advancing the farming industry. We should have open mindset towards these bills.
I will always support Farmers.
I don't agree with Abhijeet that this withdrawal is do anything with elections in Punjab (where BJP never had a hold) or Uttar Pradesh or any other State. That's your assumptions. So don't fall in the trap. Always keep your mind open for all plausible scenarios.
Such a shame, Because of few farmers the whole farmer community in india have lost their respect. 
Govt should listen farmers.
You guys rarely understand the plight of the farmers, rarely know about the laws which are pending right now.
After one year agitation,as govt doing nothing ,people are doing what BJP/ govt SHOULD GET . CARRY ON,TILL MODI RESIGNS.
Okay so now the fear of elections arrive and I am proud of the farmers who stayed and protested for more than an year and my sympathy to all martyrs who fought for their rights
Giving freedom for farmers and middle man profit Removing also protesting people's are not vote for BJP. Anycost so there not worrying, be honest farmers bills is good
I think these 3 bills are not good for farmers. Government just want to leave their duties to support poor farmers and these bills are mostly support private companies. Indian farmers are not as strong as private companies and they can't fight for their rights from these companies. It is govt duties to help and facilitate poor farmers and in India mostly farmers are small farmers.
All politicians  talk and talk and only talk of helping the farmers. Only to get votes. But poor farmers got nothing because the system was such it only benefitted the middlemen.  But Modiji did not only talk but brought  the law to really help the farmers where they can now sell anywhere and to anybody. Now the middlemen do not have the monopoly of buying the farm products. Jai Modiji, Jai Hind Jai Bharat. If you agree  with Modiji's new Act supporting the farmers, please hit 
" I did what was needed for farmers, now I am doing what is needed for the nation" 
Farm law was passed without discussion and repealed without discussion,what is the used of Members of Parliament?.why not let Modi alone sit.
I want to request to dhuruv rathore sir plz show the ground situation of Punjab or Haryana on your page. We will support you brother 
U can see that the farmers in AP were protesting for the last 350 days and BJP is not only keeping quiet., But is going against them in court of law by its affidavits supporting the ruling YSRCP, to teach a lesson for its alliance partner walking out from NDA
MODI JI DOING GOOD. IF THESE PROTESTORS HAD FAITH ON USELESS CONGRESS FOR 70 YEARS THEN WHY CAN'T THEY HAVE FAITH ON MODI JI. MY QUESTION IS WHY MAJORITY OF FARMER UNIONS FROM DIFFERENT PARTS OF COUNTRY HAVE AGREED. ARE NOT THEY FARMERS??????  BEFORE BLAMING ANY ONE " BE THE CHANGE THAT U WANT TO SEE AROUND U.JAI SHREE RAM, VANDE MATARAM
Your entire analysis is on the assumption that the average farmer is well informed, organised and has the strength to deal with powerful capitalists. Living in imaginary world
Kya gift ??? Increase petrol prices by 25 and bring down by 5 ??? Bring some laws which are patently wrong, and roll them back ???  At best it can be taken as correcting a mistake, no gift ...  But huge cost to farmers 750+ lost their lives, 1000s injured or in jails on fake cases, untold economic misery ...
I Respect your research, but wd this opposition who always batted for these laws and when modi govt tabled it, they all took the u turn, would ready for discussion in parliament?, hell no, these laws are good for farmers (as u said) thats y Modi govt passed it wd ordinance. If it would b discussed m sure this would take 10 years.
Very good video Amit sir, thank you very much for explain farmer protest
I fully support farmers protest but Nihang Sikhs should be arrested at sight. I have no mercy for them as none of those tried to save the wounded victim. Nihang Sikhs must be arrested because clearly they are misusing their weapons!!
i  fully.  support.  farmer
Pre-planned agitation, find the solution on coming discussion between farmers and GOI. Thanks.
So basically, MSP on Grains is required in Bihar, UP and such states, which is being done in Punjab at this point of time with the way of APMC. And APMC is required to incentivize Farmers to produce Oil Seeds and other such crops that are not in surplus. If you can feel the pulse(nabz) of Punjab, we don't want to produce so much rice, because it is bad for our ecosystem, we want to produce Maze and Sunflower and such things. Coming to MSP, it may have come as an incentive to produce more, but the essence is security. If there isn't one for Maze and such crops, farmers won't grow such crops. What's required is restructuring of 1. MSP 2. Procurement of other crops than just grains 3. Cold storage houses allowing farmers and governments to store their produce and procurement respectively. Which then can be sold to the companies. FCI can sell to companies to gain profits year by year with the procurement that is surplus. FCI & Companies can be allowed to pick at Farms and other places, but the transaction must be made in APMC mandis and that should be registered. So that farmers have a record that is under the protection of a mandi, if such payments are not made in time, Farmers should be allowed to go to court.
Please support kishan aandolan
Can government be kind to these Farmers who are fighting for their rights?
Farmers defeated religion politics let us see when we others can do it or impossible for us, try your best.... 
Thanks to Arvind Kejriwal sir n all farmers stay 
Farmers don't need our sympathy . They need our respect & we owe them that respect :- Maharshi actor Mahesh babu
Vox, you should be ashamed of what you are doing. Please don't hide the truth. You don't have to like us (farmers), but please stop spreading disinformation.
Are farmers protesting new bills because of MSP not included?
It is sad that by repealing Farm Laws  country has missed big ticket much needed reforms. Due to the ongoing farmers protest and congress playing the spoil sports govt has done the right thing to repeal these laws. Now the farmers can return home with at least a smile on their face ! Amrinder Singh should preferably join BJP instead of forming his own party. Modi govt should involve stakeholders , agriculture experts, economists and opposition  and come back with comprehensive farm laws within next 20 months. Amrinder Singh's services plus SAD inputs should be used to introduce revised farm laws sooner than later !!!
Je baat... Ye hai real farmer..
 countries then  farmers in harangue and Punjab will sell to china, 
I like Indian election. Always milking either own country or other country suffering to gain vote
Indian government  announced withdrawal of three farm laws. 
Ignorant ,ignorance and hysteria without any implementation and how would any consequence can be anticipated. This is just mass hysteria and passions that we Indians are associated to perpetually. The girl speaks what she has been fed , a very short information and very limited knowledge . Read the farm bills line by line omit and deliberate the loopholes . This is uncalled for.
Sir, you are a BJP supporter for sure......plzzz don't be serious ....just kidding 
Farmers protests is very important in India because the new agriculture laws against former to lot of suffering.the new agriculture laws benefited to the corporate
Taliban doesnt know how to fly it. So  a great opportunity for Pakistan to get it for free. 
Please dont spread lies about ranjit singh.. delhi police is puput of modi and they not locals they r rss gundas..we trust on lalantop .. please is bhrose ko mt todiye..app v dogii media mt bne.. jai kishan jai jawan jai hind...
Good too good students support farmers protest.
Farm laws are good for India.
It's proven that only farmers know how to stand up to this govt. They had nothing left to lose. Middle class will never come out in numbers to protest against the numerous Bullshit laws implemented by this govt as they have to worry about their daily roti kapda makaan. Hats off to the farmers!
Don't let the screamers have the last say,More power to farmers 
Hope, the farmer is healthy and may recover soon.
Thank you kisan brothers and sisters. I can see India is going towards right direction finally...
Maza aye ga. Zara lora indian army ko bejo to Afghanistan. Pechware me bomb parega taliban 
Literally abi tk ki worst ruling government h BJP.
The demand Yadav is making is that penal provisions be included that, if anybody buys farm produce below MSP, he will be put to trial and punishment. In case it is done it is sure that the produces will rotten if there is oversupply in the market. Take the example of wheat. If oversupply is there for wheat (which can be easily produced), the excess produce will not be purchased by anybody due to fear of legal provisions. So the demand for penal provisions is utter foolishness. It will put especially small and medium farmers into more trouble.
I used to earlier appreciate the vast range of knowledge that Abhijit has. But of late, the kind of comments he makes are downright nonsense and without backing it with any proof or data. The discussion on the 3 Farm Laws withdrawal is the case I want to mention. It is very clear that Modiji has taken this decision with a totally different situation in mind as against political reasons. And without analysing this Abhijit compares Modiji with Rahul saying "Another Rahul in the govt.". This is utter nonsense which will be proven very soon.
Feeling a lot of Proud for our Farmers..
Mtlb kisan se unki zameen lekar business man ko de di jaye tb kisan ka fayda....how cleverly you avoided the facts of US farmers who had huge setbacks due to these similar farm laws...
RAJESH TIKAITH DOESN'T HAVE THAT MUCH GUTS TO JOIN A PARTY AND FIGHT AGAINST BJP
Haryana and east punjabi people beautiful.
WHY congress, TMC, samajwadi party is against BJP!!! and all this incidents are happeneing before election? Think for yourself!!!!
Farmers will be crushed. This government is too powerful. Farmers should tread carefully. I suggest to go back home.
B  J  P assembly election highest score Winning B J P party
Farmers are protesting from long time and govt is not listening to them. Govt should take back these laws
Kisan Ekta Jindabad  modi kteeed and hater's murdabad  All farmers and supporters are be brave and strong 
Atal ji got voted out of power and congress bled India almost to death after that. Does aim think this is china? At any cost we need BJP back dont we. Theres literally no hope for india without that.
AIM always speaks his mind black and white. He has a sharp intellect and a good geo-political analyst. Modi is a politician and he knows to stay in power, you need to get your electoral calculations right. There is a time for everything in politics. AIM cannot win elections. Modi does. Period.
Well in that case wait for pakistan Taliban then, doing same thing in Pakistan.. then only you realise it.. Karma goes no where, you reap what u sow.. A Common Afghanistani pain will gonna haunt u vry soon..
Who will bring back the precious lives of 600 farmers who died during the protests.
Finally the judiciary wakes up..... Time to show these goons disguised as farmers their place
Which is correct? Implimenting or repealing? Then why so trumpeting, nothing done for benefit of agriculture in last seven years, plight of farmers increased, but income never increased. SC might have exposed but everytime making it helpless.
Thanks india now pakistan will keep it and make they own hahaha first india gave the spice 2000 tech  now this
Love between taliban and Pakistan is a better love story than twilight
Farmer's will think soon about central decision s
Repealing these are more of a political move than the concern shown by the government towards farmers.
If farmer are not happy it mean bills are not in favour for farmers.
Aaj bhi anaj store kar sakte hai but limit me. I think if informing the stored anaj is compalsary to government. Then it will not benifit corrupt people's as well farmers also inform government about there production.
I support this Bill 
Jo life loss hua hai...ruling govt. Ki jidd ki wajah se ask for their rights as well... hats off to alll farmers 
Only with farmers .... Govts comes and goes farmers don't...
Got fed up with the farmers protest. What are they up to? Changing it to political issue. Nut in the brain.
Farmers do not.. Handicapped Punjabis do not get even a single paisa 
They don't just cook for themselves, the farmers also share their food with the police. It's cold in delhi but they're willing to go through it all for their rights.
I stand with farmerprotest
Who's here after modi repeal the laws?
Are protesters are farmers??????????????
If modiji sets it clear now the legal laws that every companies should not define but STRICTLY COPY what government defines for farmers to be followed, which is few, simple in favor of farmers then the first bill works for big farmers otherwise any big companies can trap and cheat in agreements the farmers who may not be educated. 
Good morning my dear brother arbind kajeriwal. Ji  please help all farmers please god bless you
Students are the future of any country and it is nice to see they know how to support their farmers right. So encouraging their unity to support farmers.
Delhi did not open borders. They were cleared by farmer. What rubbish,
When the ruling party breaks the rules of the house why should they be trusted by farmers with the new bill ?
Ye farmers ke liye bhut bdi Jeet hai aur bhut acha hua .
1. No exploitation of farmers by big buyers
This is INDIA MERA BHARAT MAHAN, WHERE JUDICIAL SYSTEM ARE TAKEN ON RIDES BY VARIOUS PEOPLE AND LAW ENFORCEMENT ARE MANIPULATED FOR LAW MADE IN PARLIAMENT DUE TO WHICH 700 AND MORE FARMERS INDIRECTLY KILLED BY POLITICAL SYSTEM.
Salute to lalantop channel.....such an honest video..plz people support our farmers..this fight is for every single indian citizen.....india wake up before its too latewatched this lovely video 10 times so lovely
A bunch of Farmers bent down a Majority elected Central Govt. Nothing is more shameful.
The man representing the farmers made very valid points but didnt go out of his was to justify the mobs anger and actions, rightly so. He was also quick to point out that the violence had nothing to do with the farmers movement but an act of agression in response to agression. He's a well read educated man. 
What did you see on the eyes of famers?  What is the different between bureaucrat and farmers?  70 years of independence farmer suffer and contribute to the whole nation.
Thanks u Delhi public for understanding the farmers problem .they are asking for there right n revoked three black low.. slowly by slowly there land will be taken by private sector  important thing is that they will stock the food in a cold storage it can stock for more than 30 year n after finishing the stock in the market the company with double up n sales it with higher price so it for us to do something. we should also support the farmers it's not only about the farmers but it's more important to our middle class family n poor family, atleast farmers can survive but what about us.plz think twice we the young educated generation should understand n take part on this..  MSP... minimum supporting price should be guaranteed in written see friends without farmers.(No Farmers no food.....)..all over the world are supporting the farmers farmers are farmers India.England.canadian.usa France n so many countries are supporting the farmers.our farmers spoke to Nato United Nations they understand n agree with the India farmers. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan..... I'm not a farmer's but I support the farmers...I love farmers... long live the farmers...Nag... northeast region may God bless you all....God is great... he will show us the way..
Farmers are real heroes
this protest would come to an end, If farmers could see this video instead of news.
People suffer in this Tughlaq govt. Demonitization, GST, CAA, farm laws, petrol hikes, .... Impose overnight without knowing implications and sometimes withdraw unnoticed after damage just to safeguard BJP. Another big failure in the cap of BJP, dissolve and impose President rule, save nation and its citizens from further hardships.
Its been 3 months government is just ignoring so i think the patience level of farmers might be over modi government is responsible for this kind of riots . I think government should listen to farmers and their needs it's part of our democracy , we are independent we dont want any kind of dectatorship in india ......
Link aadhaar card with voter id card. Next election cannot vote. BJP new rule.
Thank goodness! Yeah for farmers! America will be begging for food when they realize America cannot eat and drink money.
A website to aware farmers, connect with other famers, and a feature to find right price for thier crop. I am going to make this site. 
all the Modi supporters are super happy with your video SG. I think it will be good if you get a very competent journalist like P sainath who has been reporting agrarian crisis for decades and you both have a live conversation in YouTube. It will bring both sides of the protest together rather than monologues on one aspect by either side
supportfarmers !!! modi horrible leadership
Sir please tell the truth of 26 January.  Farmers need your support.
Modi ji is doing a great job for the country.
I think All labour unions must also come in support of farmers in total country
Farmers will never forgive MODI for centuries for what he did to them in the last one year.
Contract between farmer and private company will be there in the presence of Mandi
BJP AUR RSS seigh the whole Nation,  Nation Media, Country in Name of Various JUMALA like VIKASH HINDUTVA RAM MANDIR RAM RAJYA GOOD Governance Aachay Din not Only this 2 Carore Jobs Per years and 15 LACKH for KAAL DHAN.
Very strong opinion against BJP govt but how come they wins the election all the time. It doesn't make any sense.
You have really explained so easily clearly with unbiased this farmer law on YouTube till date
Pm should also apologize to the Farmers and Indian public for his arrogance and dictatorship..
Best acting award for 2021 goes to Respected Modi Ji!!!!
this is stupid, i mean there are similar laws in south even before the farm bills were introduced, and we dont have an issue. what the heck is wrong with these few states
I stand with my FARMERS
Proud to be farmer and sikh 
Gaddar Desdrohi mafia gang congres organized Desdrohi  Rakesh  Tiket  Dawood Terarist gang  hands with congres  Ncb  Shard pawar party Run  you  try  to force publish vora commission Reports  Truth comes  jai hind
Farm laws were thrust upon the parliament and farmers both.Such laws never work and such processes of law making are never in the National Interest.
Sir APMC was abolished in Bihar in 2006. Has the situation of farmers improved?
Farmers tight slap to police.
I will always side with the farmers!
Last time ,farmers had did something for police force and now it's the return !!
This is the best informative video made by anyone on farm bill.  Great work.
Issues - 1. Farmers might not get adequate demand for their produce at MSP in local mandi 2. They don't have resources to transport produce over large distances 3. Distress sale of products at lower price at local mandi Farmers 
I was so baffled that none of the news channels on tv talked about how the repeal of the laws might be for his own benefit-if this had been done by any other person, they would have literally invaded their homes to ask these questions. And most importantly, I have seen multiple protests in my lifetime and never have I ever seen the media so blatantly against one. God knkws where this is going!
this media is still protecting MODI JI
Do not sell your land to indian government or to other people.  It's your God given gift to be farmers.  
3.If any dispute between farmer and industry then farmer can't go to court, only can go to SDM COURT, Is not this point breaking our fundamental rights because as per constitution  there is an independent judiciary system in INDIA for it's citizen.
So, that Pakistan supporting jihadi is an opposition leader?.
The repealing does not actually help the farmer, only helps the middleman. A big setback for India towards progress.
Farm laws are not liked by only Panjab and UP farmers and there were no agitations In other parts of India, except these two states. I am from Maharashtra and I know here how farmers are getting benitfits of these laws.
According to the PRS Legislative Research, the percentage of Bills referred to Parliamentary committees has fallen from 60% and 71% in the 14th Lok Sabha (200409) and 15th Lok Sabha (200914) to 27% in the 16th Lok Sabha (201419) and an even lower 12% in the current Lok Sabha (since 2019). Many important bills including the three farm laws that were repealed recently did not get discussed in parliamentary committees.
We are with Modiji, whatever it is.
1. APMC exploit farmers, which usually run by powerful middlemen. Example - Farmers in Maharashtra in 2019 got Rs 8/kg for onions whereas the SP was Rs 99/Kg or how farmers only got Rs 2/Kg for onions in 2018 in AP and so many countless stories, farmers who have a contract with MCD for potatoes in India are doing much better
Farmers should get msp law passed..dis is the right time..modi will listen before election , not after election...
No farmer  no food 
Being a farmer i know that most of farmers don't have store houses so that they can store their agriculture produce and wait for good price of their agriculture produce in free market. They have to sell their crop even if price is drastically low otherwise bad weather can destroy their 6 month's hard work and a lot of investment.
Suddenly there are many posts in support of farm laws.
Someone should brief them about the farm bill ie what it is all about. I am sure majority of them even not clear about the bill. Afterall if they want something to be changed they can raise their conern peacefully.
I support farming these pictures cnt give judgement to whole protest tum 2crore se zuyada kisan ko bura nhi bol sakte
congratulations farmers
This shows the weakness of Modi.  First of all, there was no need for such laws.  All the Govt. had to do was to remove any restriction the farmers might have in selling their products.  No new laws were needed.  The middlemen who controls trade, aided by Khalistanis abroad used it to defame Modi and to test his will.  They succeeded.  Now they will try to bring him to new lows and they might succeed in that also.
I would also question the premise that the amendment to Farming Produce Trade and Commerce bill will result in minimal benefit to small farmer, who anyways sells outside of AMPC already and does not have the means to sell to different states. This is a fairly conservative view based on current state of technology and business models. This can change immensely with changes to technology and if private players get into distribution and e-commerce style of operations of agricultural products. A good number of low income small farmers do have access to internet and mobiles already.
Nope.... india needs to move move away from a controlled economy to a supply and demand economy .. farmers suffer everywhere due to climate uncertainty, economic growth and government policies.. so they need to become market aware and produce goods people want to buy at a quality and price they can afford.. they need to take the tiger by tail and control it
The farmers as very intelligent when it comes to their interests and voting. Time will prove it again. The states where these these laws get implemented will flourish
election jeetney ke baad fir se farmers bill laayega yeh bjp wale sab
Now you understand it was not about the farmers it was about the election!
Govt. bills, policy and 'Sarkari Yojna' mane prokolpo guli niye video upload korle valo hoy. I hope, I shall get to see the expected videos bro. Thanks.
the failure here is of the government much more so than the farmers.
Great journalism sir!!!  You've also won with our  dear farmers  
Modi ji aap kuch bhi kar lo a drama up election Tak chale ga . Agar kisan chahta to  3 din me kanun bapas ho jata .if farmers stop food chain supply. This film is making by Congress till up election
In his book: "We the People", Nani Palakhiwala has mentioned that, in India, the Economical power lies in cities and Political Power in the villages. The whole episode of farm laws has proved that  he was absolutely  right.
Respect to Harp Farmer   
This was a bad decision to repeal imo because It provided more freedom and opportunity to farmers but I hope in future the government has some better plans for them and has better communication skills whilst introducing the bill.
Good job Modiji..Do your work in other fields
Great analysis on farmers protest... Salute to your courage 
One of the most unbiased video I watched on farm bill
Edited: after watching this video I didn't get it why farmers are protesting
2 months farmers are doing strike in such cold weathe,amodi is a devil doesnt have good heart to solve farmers issues.But he is only after Adani for his godowns to keep cheaply bought items from farmers.
Congratulations to Farmers Solidarity against Modi and BJP . Next freedom for Kashmir and Khalistan!!!
If the second scenario is the case than it will send a false message about the actual market. Because good prices to the farmers means good demand in market which will inturn attract more people to do farming and than government have to spend even more to procure these  products . And because of demand and supply disbalance the procured product will just rot in the storage bins i.e. rotting of our tax money.
This is Not only a Farmer protest its a bloody politics
Farmers, for the time being cultivate for you and your family only.
Just to oppose narendra modi , India lost a important agriculture reform. All economic farm like imf also said these laws are important.
Darandar muddy supressing farmers becouse majority are SIKH brothers.
Just one thing to mention here, as you said there should be one intermediary between company & farmers. what are the chances that the intermediary will not treat farmers as traders are doing?
Some economists say that only 6% of the farmers benefit from the MSP. What they hide is the fact that these 6% farmers produce 90% of the foodgrains. This is a figure that dates back to 2013. The situation today is very different, and a more realistic, recent data is that about 35% farmers have started using the MSP facility. In any case, these figures have many caveats and errors. One can  keep digging, and soon begin to see a maze of questions and puzzles. But the question is: how these figures, of 6% or 35%,  justify into the decision of scrapping the MSP? 
It's very strange why reporter asking questions with Farmers??? Why they don't ask questions with Government or Ministers? BJP why only opposite party farmer's?
Many people in my family are farmers but they aren't out there protesting they are in the fields farming. And these bastards who call themselves "farmers" aren't they the same farmers who did the same with policemen at Red fort? They deserve this.
It is indeed sad that the Kisan's didn't come for a discussion when Govt called,. The opposition too ditched the Nation for their own benefits. It's so unfortunate that the decision to repeal the farmers bill was decided on Road and not in parliament. Is this what you call a a Democracy ? Then why elections, let's discuss on Roads. Just imagine what will happen to this nation if everyone sits on road, block each other progress. This was totally unconstitutional and undemocratic.
I want to tell you that no big media showed you that farmers were sitting there for more than two months (peacefully)
Uncle ji tussi Sikh a isliye being respect bt sorry don't stand for d rights of ppl .which right bjp is giving to ppl frm 6yrs ? N stil u r with thm. Aur farmers pe lathi charge k baad b aap bolre ho will sit discuss ab hum alag nai hongay cz lathi aapko nai paddi aur seat pyaari hai . Sikhs ka naam kharab na karre uncle sikhi definitely ye nai sikhati
Your research is absolutely correct. As a son of farmer I totally agree with you. Because I witnessed APMC
Farmers or middleman?? These Mofos are middleman who earns million just by doing nothing 
Let them have a voice in the process. Let the farmers have real influence
Feel so sorry for the death of farmers and the police men. Its an unfortunate situation. I wish the politicians should maintain dignity by fighting for the cause rather than making visits to cash on the emotions of poor farmers.
With all that fuss even we were not able to sell it to gvt those third party guys demanded a bit less prices as they would gain in between the farmer and government and moreover they haven't bought even let alone this farmer bill find the solution no solution be it laws without laws
Farmers i thought they were Khalisthane
  Election     Isiliye     Bill  
MSP is given only on wheat and paddy because government buys it while the other crops are bought by private buyers at even less than half of MSP. Government should try and focus on that so farmers move from one crop to other.
Five Sardars Massacred by Uncivilized Terrorists in Kashmir. Let Italian Congress team to visit their families and protest against the killers and Pakistan if at all they have any concern for the country
Rakesh ji ,My Brother Farmer community get together United Again & now students Also need a Leader like you to fight for their rights 
4. not being consulted : if government really start consulting everyone before passing any bill, no bill can be passed. almost all the bills which were passed in bjp government were challenged on streets by some people. but the common people liked what bjp was doing. and for the same reason, the opposition is getting defeated. plus, the governments don't always need to take permission to bring reforms. because almost all reforms have been opposed in past. this would not be a new thing. 
you talked about MSP let me tell you a scenario of sale of maize this season. The MSP of Maize is 1850rs per quintal so farmers should be able to sell their produce at 1850rs but no they weren't able to do so and sold at around 800-1000rs per quintal because no one buys at MSP.
I am really worried for my farmer brothers there !! they have created war zone around the border, media is also not allowed in there, they have stopped internet too, Don't know what the government is planning ...... God help them !!
We are stand with farmers.
2) during election campaign bjp says that     he will provide free vaccine to bihar people.
Chor police... Covid gaya tel lene.. Saale election, rally sab ho rha covid kaha hai...
As a small farmers son I can say it's a bad desicion. We shall be continued to be exploited by these mandis and big farmers
A rapist and murderer can appel to court, then why not farmers??
Implement all 3 laws again, lathi charge and fire on these farmers.
1.  I wish you can talk about the limitation that the 1st law imposing on farmer, if there is a dispute on contract the farmers cant go to court to dispute.
Wt about bihar election....I support kisan heros
Oh you must be happy , that what you guys called for and wanted . Shame on the people who were supporting these terrorists . Police must open fire on them and al terrorist symphatisors should be behind bars forever .
Good Law . Bad Deployment ! Sad. Shows slamming laws down someones throat doesnt make it real. Consensus building through democratic means involving all relevant stake holders while can be slow and painful is the right strategy for India. People clamoring for muscling up strategy on any issue over consensus building approach should know India is too fragmented and diverse in its view points to be strong armed into one. This would have been the best time for Bjp to use its cadre to do drives related to benefits of these laws rather than employing rhetoric. Nevertheless the last part of what PM said gives me hope. All party committe while could set us back by sometime, should atleast get us some part of these laws back if not all. To the nay sayers of these laws , i want to say one thing. Market economics is the only reason why this country has developed in the last 30 years. To move against that would mean agriculture would continue to slip as a percentage of gdp.  We dont want to be a food importing nation again. Lets be 'together'and do what it takes to revive this sector.
Do not talk rubbish about sant Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale. He never demands Khalistan. Do your research Zee News.
Thanks u bbc for sharing this valuable information about farmers protest this Modi government wants to sell their farming to private companies
I stand with and support our Farmers 
leaving things to corporate sector will be the biggest mistake.. that is what farmers are protesting for..  Indian corporate sector is one of the worst in the world.. leave agricultural sector, is there anyone that is happy in any other private sector.. why do then everyone wants a government job..
Get out of your comfort zone and face the reality, these farmers are fighting a bigger war not just for themselves but for everyone of us. Lets support them now so we don't regret later on.
Shame.  Can't see the farmers suffer. Moved to tears.
==DW Reports on India's Peaceful Farmers Protest Movement==
I'm very happy to see all farmers united especially haryana little brother got big brother Punjab back. Farmers working together like honey bees peacefully . Modi ji leave the honey bees alone and you know when the honey bee's gets mad its your choice . my friendly advice don't mess with honey bees let them produce honey .
Unprecedented Support Ajit Anjum ji from beginning to VAPSI with FATEH great movement. A victory with determination proud of our Farmers.
Today we lost another information war. Corrupt people succeeded in manipulating farmers for their own benefit.
Modi ji swore on being truthful when he said he is repealing the farm laws for national interest. By national interest he obviously means national security. Now, if he really was being truthful then he will be consistent with the "national security" reason, won't he? National security threat emanated or originated or was focused or was spreading from the protests. Therefore the first sign of the threat disappearing has to be complete call-off of the protests, hasn't it? Now, if the protestors do not call-off and continue the protest making other demands before calling off it will mean that the national security threat will not disappear. At that moment Modi ji has to come back to announce that "since the objective of repealing the laws was not met I do not feel the laws should be repealed, and I reverse the decision to repeal. We will proceed as per SC committee report and further hearing". 
Only sikh farmers are being shown everywhere
Solidarity with Farmers, great jesture of support by People  !
Modi God of the India
If MSP is increased for crops other than rice and wheat subsequently year by year along with awareness campaigns among the producers, then I think farmers might adopt the mixed farming.
Talibans are surly supported for weapons and financially by some countries, may be China, USA and some Muslim countries. 
Union Home minister can't talk to farmers but he can fly to Hyderabad for election campaign! Shame! They are not committed to help the poor they are committed to beef up there pockets!!
Average Indian is full of BJP Brahminical propaganda and TV, newspaper media companies, Bollywood stars only praise modi.
proud to be a farmer
anyone who know a little bit of economics will support the bills..
Our Farmers has missed the take off. 
another problem is if all farmers start growing only one crop that has the highest MSP then when will happen to FCI. because most mos the farmer is going single corp then water consumption is more. 
The government should have given Punjab to implement their own state assembly resolution as agriculture is a state subject.Besides the agitation was restricted to Punjab only and so ther states should have a free choice ,specially could be implemented in BJP ruled states to establish its benefit. At the very start the shortsighted Govt should not have rushed with the act without properly assessing the ground situation.Its a political blunder.
God bless the farmer's in india 
These were not farmers but brokers and mislead uneducated farmers, who were told that their land would be grabbed by govt or private companies later, so protest.
Above 60%farmer er nijer naam e land er  Dolil ba porcha nai.sob baba thakurdar naam e ache.tader ki hobe?papars chara to R kotha hobe na.
" Misleading and Manipulating the civil society of a country so that there own people (farmers) stand like a hurdle in front of country's growth and development is another front of war "
Kisan andolan :     , farm law bill | pm modi repeals India farm laws #DBLIVE
may God bless those who are fighting for farmers.
This godi media should be got heart attack when they see these worrier Nihang Singhs
Farmers are right.
In short privataztion n hd hai sb private is to Farmers ko nuksan hoga in future filhal to sahi hi lagega bt in future dhire dhire private n
Thank you sir for your informative video,,if india wants to grow the GDP ,we have to focus on Farmers ,India is destroyed by politics and  media,
Than you for support farmer
Farmers unite all over India and give a befitting response to the oppressors
More than 10k Indian farmers take their life every year. let that sink in.
I just want to say that everything is right but in social media don't insult Taliban or any other party,some uneducated persons only poking Indians so that we will say against Taliban and insult them,just ignore such barkings,some peoples just don't have anything to do,so they only know to create conflicts,and I'm indicating those who are poking Indians! We are smart enough, don't fall for trap and involve in conflicts please.
Owasi said that he is against taliban.  Fake news . Godi media.
Hail farmers . 100% farmers will win.
Govt will loose the control. The farmers will be labour in their own field
No farmers no foods
Repeal or written guarantee but no response ,make this agiation in farmers...... Jai kissan Jai javaan
It is a clear sign that BJP is losing ground in UP . Fear of losing UP election compelled Modi to cancel anti- farmers law. Jai  Hind
4. The new system these bills promise, has failed miserably in advanced economies, including USA.It ended up creating monopolies in respective areas with every decision from the use of pesticides to when to water crops going into the hands of corporations.Corporations have formed cartels where they do not work with new farmers, refuse produce and reduce prices very frequently and essentially leading to virtual monopoly.For the record, Farmers suicide is rising and one of the highest levels ever with USA right now.
1. Why did the farmer proceed before 12Pm which was agreed earlier?
Why not modi speak out, and accept the demands of the farmer, MLA MPS ko kharidane crores of rupee hote hai lekin garib citizens and farmers ko kyun nahi..
Pappu of now = BJP aka Narendra Modi
In these Bills there's nothing against farmers and second thing you said India has farmers how are double the USA population so why are so less farmers protesting.
This a really a backward move. Simply political move. I did not expect this from Modiji & BJP. 
Repeal is for elections sake not for farmers. No talks simply withdraw after more than a year.
What is wrong with farmers? Why protests?
No farmer No food 
Prime Minister, we are proud of you. But the only expectation is to answer the following as an honest principal servant. 1) Was the Swaminathan Commission and its recommendations to be implemented? 2) Was he going to double the income by giving guarantee to the farmer? 3) Was he going to set up an industry based on food and food production? 4) Special financial provision was to be made for world class agricultural education system and research? 5) Were all market committees free brokers? 6) Farmers were to become self-reliant? I hope you will answer
suits best for Indian BJP Establishment.
We are with our farmers
One more point Mr Gyani purush. All these counties have been separated from india (afghan,pak,bangladesh)and became islamic nations. Truth is west has sided these countries more and exploited india as well. So why leftists like you make such an outcry on BJP and RSS, they are also citizens of india of india. 
English subtitles would help me understand the situation better........... I know its  not good for the farmers  :(
More than 4 bjp workers killed by allged farmers whne a uncontrolled  car was rammed in to protestors after it was attcked by stones by alllged farmers
This is not only win of farmers  this is win of democracy 
I still have the opinion that farm laws were good for the farmers.....however the way it was passed was not correct.....government should have build consensus and brought farmers into confidence
I watch many videos related to farms bills but you explained very well then others. 
Also this system has been tested in western countries and farmers are suffering in those countries.
Modi, Yogi & UP police: Yes ( and will always be)
I somehow knew Mr Gupta will hail Modi govt for repealing the farm laws  , even though he and all media were hell bent on defending it .
Even in these difficult time...Zee news is still lacking modi feet...
Ya now they will say bjp car hit them in Afghanistan, antartica every where... Indian govt must protect all these khalidtanis from bjp cars by sending them all to adaman jail.
Great farmers 
Tell about 700 people's death due to Peaceful dharna by your supports .... Elections Aagaya Baata badal gaya ... Elections Hara tho Ego kaam Kara or Faisla badla wo bhe himakat say....  
farmers will never find a solution for their problems.
There's no mention of that farmers can't go to HC or SC in case of dispute with private company.
India is crying so badly ... this is just the beginning ... get ready for more ... Jammu Kashmir is on bucket list of Taliban ...
Saurabh Dwivedi, The thing you missed here is that if farmers are selling outside the APMC then there will be no tax on that. So it will attract buyers to buy outside APMC and outside of APMC there is no MSP and no control of government. In this case, even though APMC is there then it will no.use of it.
He didnt put flag but was there. He was most famous face there so godi media concentrated on him.
Keep rising Newslaundry .  Support farmers protest 
Modi is very rough and tough but he havent guts to give a interview without godi media.
Now you are saying that Repeal of the farm law is setback to farmers for long run. People like you are responsible for this loss and answerable to future generations of farmers,. Your should have speak for law when it was required.
God please save all   who are participating the tractor  rally  in India  tomorrow . We should not  get into serious   worst  events .
Farmers done a great job
We are against the agitation of the so called farmers of Punjab after seeing today's rally , previously we had sympathy for them now we are in total support of central government . Jai Hind 
The Akali Dal and the NCP will be seen begging in the next election. Their monopoly will end with these bills passing into Laws.
All farmers should United.
Full support to Farmers ! BJP should show atleast some remorse . Repeal all the disputed farm bills and apologize to farmers and the people of this nation !
just imagine if there were no concept of election in India then these laws would never be taken back
Shame shame BJP bhagao desh bachao.. respect farmers 
Hatts off to our farmers 
ego of (so called) Farmers VS ego of (so called democratic)  Government 
Exceptional work! True Sewa. God be with the farmers.
They r not farmers 
These so called farmers have self exposed them. Jai hind
I think that these protests are largely fuelled by politically connected strong middlemen. They benefit from the extant status quo,by controlling all the aspects of farm business cycle, and consequently the lives of farmers. Farmers have been disempowered at the hands of lowly middlemen, urea manufactureres etc. It's high time we care about farmer's business model, and not flood him with (nonsensical) subsidies.
Rakesh Tikat is a living legend
Now i am really happy  this is farmers unity
Its really funny people are saying 'Jai Jawan Jai Kisan' and they themselve dont know all the three bills.
The underlying problem that presenter highlighted in most of the drawbacks is - "apprehension that govt. would abandon and cease to exist as a player, hence leading to exploitation by private entities". But the government has assured that it would not cease to exist as a player and included strong provisions to protect the farmer in various situations. Further, if market forces resort to such behavior, govt has tools and capabilities to further enact the laws to protect farmers interests. But based on this apprehension alone, is it fair to disallow the private players who could reduce inefficiencies in the system and portrayed successful co-operative movements like Amul and others? Plus we have examples where govt. continues to exist as a player alongwith private entities - airlines, power, oil, telecom, banks etc.
Farming is prevalent in other states of India also, but why only Punjab farmers are present at the protest predominantly. And are all people present actually farmers? There is a huge political agenda behind the protests. Do not be fooled by mainstream media. Be smart, read the actual documents, read data, analyse, and then draw conclusions.
This decision of modiji was shocking but we have a compulsion of Modi till no other hindu leader comes forward it is really too sad and bad decision
BJP will LOOSE EVERY state elections. the public wants employment, regularization of contract govt employees services, better school and hospitals. the public is not beggars they don't want lollipop yojanas and TIPS. bjp is using public money for votes. the public are fed up with Hindu Muslim agenda, RAM MANDIR, Krishna.
Only 700s of farmers dead..
Elections propoganda starts here..  petrol & diesel price change, farm laws taken back..
Yogiji should start ethanol production in large scale in up let them protest jab ghar ayenge to baki farmers ko malamal payenge
World should knows Modiji is a incarnation of Ram and as a Hanuman Yogiji.
we need other more important reforms to increase farmer economy. 
Joke is on those farmers, who were being given an opportunity to get better prices for their crops by going to any mandi or buyer they want. But no, they misinterpreted the interests of middlemen as their own interest, and  are now crlebrating their own doom.
Now removed then also problem. These politicians are worst of their kind. Waste fellows now the poor farmer will be poor forever. Oppositions are worst this time.
HOW POOR FARMERS CAN HAVE WEAPONS?!  ARE PEOPLE BLIND? CANT SEE THESE R GOONS? WHERE R POOR FARMERS?
We are from South and my father is a Farmer. We were in support with Mr. Modi. This is only stopping  the development of India.
Modi ji can say after this hypocrisy ki bhi Seema hoti hai
Happy for all farmers :))
Culprit is Government neither farmer nor police.
As if only Punjab and Haryana have farmers. The rest of the country's farmers who were to benefit escaping clutches of the Mandis. Screw them right? Political exigencies over ride the legal, factual and overall high ground the Govt had held. You have stand for ideology and aims. It what brought and keeps the BJP in power. This is weak.
After farm laws repel, people are talking will CAA and 370 will also repel? But true Indian should think about the damage cost by the repel and the loss the farmers will suffer who once benefited by the 3 laws.
You have created awareness among the farmers of India. Good luck 
kissan morch zindabad.. the victory came after a year of struggle and hundreds of death..salute to all my kissan brothers...BJP saw UP being lost with all their calculations that's why this repeal came, they will still lose UP elections and will lose loksabha elections too, just wait n watch.. this is just one step victory for kissan  they have lot more to achieve.
Now Kisan will be back to their GOLDEN PERIOD which was there before farm law. KISAN BHAIO KO BAHUT BAHUT BADHAI.
This is dumb the police e made a deal with farmed so they can have a peace and during the parade they where barricade me and they couldnt leave or Everett the parade and the police attacked them and hijacked many propels tractors now there no wood in Delhi
I appreciate your efforts..thank you for supporting farmers 
Farmers Keep up the good fight.
29:00 The way the farmers asking food to samdish show the sweetness and love of these peoples
Full supoort to farmers
45%congress+45 % AAP+10%extremists= 100%farmers Andolan
Victim card khelna band krde farmers
Only a farmer knows how difficult it is to sell crops in the Mandi because of the interference of the middlemen.....
They were protesting against laws which allow the farmers to sell their produce to private firms as well the unions want farmers to be paid from tax so the middlemen can make money!
But at least people are aware of the problems that farmers have to face.
if they will not take the MSPs away then let them make it a law ...let the farmers have recourse to normal judicial process...strengthen the APMC instead...
2) In contract farming bill, it says that the contractor can take a LOAN on farmer's land. Please explain what will happen if the contractor runs away without paying the loan?
Farmers of Punjab and Haryana are protesting... Why PM is addressing Bihar, where there is no mandi system? (Laagta hai BIHAR me election hai )
We r with the FARMERS , they need to get their RIGHTS,but rallies can be done  PEACEFULLY coz at last the POLITICAL LEADERS r not gonna get wounded it's either the FARMERS or the POLICEMEN ,we need to understand this. Zee news  is showing that our NATIONAL FLAG is been thrown but viewers watch it properly it's a different flag. JAI JAWANS,JAI KISANS!!!!
Just indus river farmers
Our farmers are more intelligent and rational than the educated bakhts living in cities.  What a shame the people who bring food to your table are tortured and called anti national.  How low can any country go .
Should respectable news channels carry such rubbish "news" Citizens of India are not interested in this
This is not farmers protest anymore it is more of anti-modi and some of it is anti-India and it is also highjacked bysome of congress people and western separatist ideology.... they dont have evidence  in protest the 3 farm laws that they are harmful it is yet to be seen but they have just overwhelming internal anger targeted at anyone who is there to stop them
Deputy speaker should apologise to farmers this decision death of 700 farmers ,he destroyed family life of farmers who is responsible
I stand with our FARMERS.
People protesting are not farmers they are middle man who are buying products from farmers at very low price this bill is necessary for farmers who are actual poor
Above all the anti-indian regime wants to corporatize whole sector and lay gst on agricultural productions. Wants the nation to believe that all those tri farms bills are for good. There is no regulation for demand-production, no storage facilities again, no fair price for harvest, no ontime payments and the regime what claims is not high but plain lie at face.
This the BJP real colour. BJP and Modi wants to ear huge profits by their supporters corporate companies like Adani, Ambani and etc. Example Apples for Rs. 12/- per kg from the farmers and companies given free hand by the BJP to sell to citizens for minimum price of Rs. 200/- maximum to extend for their huge profits to give the party fund to the pet political party. This present BJP, Ambani and Adani modern India. Citizens blood is squeezed by the BJP government.
Shame on modi govt...who is heartless for Indians
It's for farmers and let them decide for themselves. They have every right to protest against it.
If govt really want farmer to grow and not suicide then govt should pass and apply MSP law across India.
And so called farmers protester want msp??
Lot of cases are pending in the courts. Some cases which started in 90s is still going on. Last week only , a final verdict came on a major case , after 28 years. So for the fast moving of the cases, and to avoid burden on farmers,   its better to gve authority to district collector or SDM ( District Magistrate). Its better to finish in district itself.
I feel bad now. As a farmer i know farm bills are very helpfull in south india. I thought farm bills make change in Indian farming sector. But its gone. Us, uk and other big natiions following those kind of farm bills they are good why don't we. Don't be a goat of someone's profits.
The remedy is very easy, if punjab farmers really want to oppose it, then don't sell your agri products to anywhere outside APMCs, take an oath about that
This was never a reform in the farm sector. Farmers never demand these laws.
Jinko marna the wo mar gye 2 kisan 3 log aur aur ab suru hogi politics rakesh tikat dwara congress dwara magar ye Punjab wale log samaj nahi payenge
This reversal gives Capt Arminder Singh some political capital to form a coalition to hopefully  win the upcoming election and become CM, with help from the BJP. Control of Punjab is a strategic win for administrative and national security reasons. Security is a State/Center issue. The alternative is AFSPA! 
We support farmer 
Lol modi he knows bjp going to loss election now jumla speech
And I am watching this after the success of farmers protest and smiling at each little thing. This feeling is wonderful.
Would like to see all the  Cut the clutter videos regarding a particular topic in one list. Guess its the 4th CTC video abt Farm bills
After taking the anti government stances, perhaps you have forgotten that capitalists are the backbone of any great economy and India had a great chance to transform Agricultural economy but punjabi farmers didn't wanted that cuz they still want to go to Canada and UK by selling their farm land but farmers from other states should have understood it. Especially UP farmers that the people of UP are son of Soil and they will never flaunt like punjabi farmers who go to Canada or UK as an illegal immigrants.
Yogi should win but Modi should lose. Been saying this since 2019 elections.
In Vancouver theres Indians protesting in the streets - huge parades- its dope. Cant drive without seeing a support the farmers sign and orange flags
Police should listen to Bombay bandook and let farmers protest in peace
But I have a question in my mind the question is that how a poor farmer can stay away from his/her for so long time of more than 1 and half years ? ( I ma not a supporter of modi) . And as of I think there are only about 2500 to 5000 farmers are there in protest from past few months. And is it not possible to pay to such a small group of farmers ( I am saying this because in my district in election of jila Panchayat sadasya the competitors had paid the poor peoples to go with him in election campaign) and if such person who have very less money as compared to the national parties or who want to repeal these farm laws .
BABA RAKESH TIKAIT
What about the farmers who have given their lives (750 farmers)
SATNAM SHRI WAHEGURU JI. SATNAM SHRI WAHEGURU JI.PARMATMA JI SAB LOKA NU KISANA NU TANDROST RAKHE JI.AGGE PARMATMA JI DI MARJI A JI.MERI HATH JOD KE BENTI A JI KI SARKARA NU BILL PASS KARNE CHAHIDE A JI. OK JI. OK JI.
Whole team did amazing job....first time gave someone solution of farmers issue at the end of video...
We support the farmers of India.
Correction Modi ji wo kisan nhi the yeh pure desh even Pappu ko v malum hai
Mr Dhruv,  can you explain to viewers on why these so called farmer leaders choose to abandon these three farm laws completely. Initially govt said to talk on these attributes and agreed to do all such changes in the law in favor of farmer.. This is rational approach. An you are just a kid and talks with half true facts which I believe is as good as lying to your viewers.
I support Farmers.
Instead of blaming the Farmers of our country every one know who is responsible for all the drama ? Since last 60 days the world have acknowledge how those farmers been betrayed by the Godi media, Modi govt and our so called Supreme supreme court of India ? 2+2  people = democracy ? Or rest of all the people is ? Jai hind, jai jawan jai kisaan.
Pls support farmers ...
This issues is connected with each and every person have to abolish the farms bills or else everyone will be effected
Dilli Chalo.......salute to farmers of punjab n nation.
Before the laws, we need a special team to convince and support farmers for selling their products, 
By this 2nd surrender to unwanted protests, Modi has proven that he cares more about elections rather than reforms. I would vote for yogi but not for Modi.
Plz support farmer's no farmer no food
First time I am extremely dejected,  disappointed,  hurted by BJP , and Modi Ji.
our govt need to make an institution or any organize body where  the todays farmers came to know the modern technique of doing faming ,channels and opposition show them as a victim and weak but they r not actually , somefarmers in our nation are educated ....we need to support them together instead of showing them as a victim...we all stand with farmers ....in our nation when ambanis ,tatas and birlas are called powerful person ,then y not these ,our farmers are more stronger....
Thanks for support Ravish ji
Result: withdrawal of farm bills.
Even in theory free market in agriculture will be disaster.  Because markets are never "free". Free Market is fairly tale. Markets are either oligopoly or increasingly in case of india Monopoly. So to say that in theory these laws are good is laughable.  Just check condition of US small farmers.
The real reason is that the BJP MLAs in at least 100 constituencies in UP, 117 in Punjab and 70 in HP may not able to come out and do electioneering in the forth coming elections in early 2022.  Arrogant leadership left speechless and failed to call on 500 BJP karyakartas/ victim families during in WB and Kerala recently concluded elections but found time to speak to film star about leg injury!
Wow, khalistani are there ! Everyone is khalistani in protest! Shame on godi media. Good job Scoop channel for coverage on ground zero !
Contracts with pepsi and other agro businesses will improve the overall agri chain ...u see farmers will get better seeds...minimum insurance amount....and more profitable farm products........indian farmers are stuck with rice and wheat when are they gonna experimnet on cultivating different products...that might grow in india....and which are profitable......when a company approcahes a farmer to cultivate say avocados in india....the company bores the research and  risk of the crop failure .....and if the crop is a sucess in india....do u think neighborhood farmers would sit still...they would also grow avocados.....a new product in market and one more choice to farmer
3.campaign for nti BJP for a law which is there in punjab frm 2013 and was demand of father of dacait.
I m also farmer . thanks to modi ji
wtf how come police is throwing stones on farmers. my heart is crying watching this happening to innocent people of punjab.
MSP will be there and mandis will be there too but farmers can sell their farm products outside which is actually depends on farmers GOI cant force them.
Dil khush ho gaya, bahut badhiya dua support the farmers protest!
No farmer No food
Unfortunately many farmers lost their life during the protest, but our PM has done his best etc etc 
4. Voice vote is only chosen where 70 percent of members support a bill. This bill did not meet that criteria so voice vote does not apply. However, the chairman decided to go ahead with voice vote and for his ears, it was a yes. Voice vote is not recorded so it's open to controversy.
Whats wrong with Indian media
Money saves the rich  ...poor farmers even the judiciary didnt care about them
I know police have to follow ministers orders bt they all should feel ashamed before stopping or attacking the farmers
I can't claim to understand these laws (and I usually trust Gupta Ji to declutter such stuff), I am more inclined than ever to invest in Modi, because he actually was bold enough to want reform and the opposition INC and AAP actually hindered progress, just because. If they were all really interested in the welfare of the farmers and the country, they would have aided passing these reforms. Really sad state of the country, when a mob holds progress hostage.
The farmers agitation is only troubling  poor public and Govt appears to be least bothered. 
Sir Best wishes to those all Farmers and those Media channel who stand in front of this Government and stand with correct things thank you 
Before you speak about your views, you  should explain what changes are there and whether it will benefit farmers or not. Without that you can't understand what's going on.
PM Modiji is a survivor, not your rigid, inflexible idealist.
Also, when this is a state subject, how can the central govt pass this law? The systemic destruction of institutions that the Modi govt has done, is clearly seen here as to how the judiciary is not doing its job here- the unconstitutional bills should have been thrown out by the judiciary.
2) World ecosystem is changing and Indian farmers need to connect to it via online.
BJP-2 could have done something for farmers & common man than spending huge amount on . Same mistake by BJP-2(), as BJP-1(Shine India Shine)
Medum please discus in the fever of farmers not in the fever of polititions.
Modi got big alliance with election commission, so he no need to worry
I am from punjab,  In starting i feel that there is really a issue but now its only political interest. People who join this protest from my town is anti bjp, many of them does have even have piece of land for farming. That only political drama by anti bjp.
Another name pops up with Ankit Das in farmers killing at Lakhimpur Kheri is  Mohammed Lateef. Is Lateef a famour history sheeter from UP? Was Latif driving the SUV Mahendra Scarpio the 3rd car behind the Thar and Fortuner?
How dare they call farmers terrorists look at them in the cold look at them suffering look at their work, they starve just so we can have food. Modi, you need to open your eyes punjab is against your sins. Think of what you are doing to the elderly. We are not terrorists we are farmers. Farmers feed you, and the roti you eat is grown in Punjab if you think of that. If you don't do anything about the farm laws you won't have anything to eat and India won't have anything to eat. Look at the farmers suffering just look at them! They are doing these protests because they want their rights, our land our rights!!!! 
I support farmers  
These are not farmers n allotted route is different
Thank you so much guys  for stand with farmer 
Thanks dhurv for explaining  Love from farmers
Salute to Farmers warriors too  who are struggling for survival of 75% population of the Nation linked with agriculture and  protesting against the atrocities of corporate politicians who are trying to giving control of National food grains in the hands of some corporaters for profit purposes.
Now modi supporters should regret
These are "Aachay Din" stones are being pelted on the providers of the Nation. Wah modi ji wah
What are your suggestions on Farm bills and Agri reforms? Comment below!
It is going to the deaf ears of the stubborn govt. Gid save our bereaved Farmers...
Free all the farmers in Jail
If Indian farmers block traffic and protest in my country like that, I will send my request to government to expatriate them.
We all should pray that farmers will unite again and fight against this farm laws.
There is a power in unity  it has been long time to protest against law but finally farmers have won a great victory.   
Instead of beating people Gujrat police Either give these murderers to bharvad community or give justice in UP Yogi style..Encounter all murderers...No faith in indian judiciary system.. Tomorrow these murderers will get bail by court..So much money pushed by muslim organisations in fighting cases of these Jihadis in past..
And this media calls them terrorists!
I come from India where supposedly educated people celebrate repeal of laws that would have liberalized farming economy, enabled farmers to sell anywhere, reduced food prices. 
Police not farmers
At the end of the farmers are very insecure and they will be given that the prices will crash given the excess produce
It is a very good thing, God bless you and farmers should get their due, I also like Sikh community very much.
It shows how truly concern Rihanna and Greta r really I was left in tears after seeing them deeply moved by the farmers protest
So peaceful by so-called Farmers aka Khalistanis.
Wy not answering this question yeh tyari pehle b ki jaa skti thi or wy u people not supporting farmer
these ordinance in favour of farmers not middle man....
So called farmers
Aarbaz Chutia 1st Ambani Gehu Nahi bez tha hai thik. 2nd Contact Farming is some how the best for Farmers. MPS Is Perfect. 
Salute the farmers, they lost the battle but won the war. Pray the day will come when genuine help would help elevate your farming to being more lucrative
Modi & BJP for electoral gains can do snh number of summersaults. Not trustworthy PM , party.
Dear Kisan Bhaiyon ,  pl ask to your paid leaders that  how much amount Ardthiyas have earned in wheat procurement. You ask your leaders whether this  amount could have been earned by farmers or not..kindly get reply of this question I will consider you all budhijivi otherwise u r also Andhbhagat and you are saying to Modi Followers and you have self motive in this movement. If your paid leaders donot reply of these questions then you have no right to follow them. I will not accept that data of procurement are wrong as these data are published by Deptt of Food, Govt of India before 2014 also. Take these questions seriously and while tikait i is repeteadely going to Punjab and Haryana. U would have  understood better. When u organise a programme in Mandi definitely Ardthiyas and so called service provider will arrange people.   It's Badappan of Modi govt that they again invited with agenda. Otherwise SKM leaders don deserve for this Bcoz they have not prioritised agenda on famers problem. In Rajasthan alone more than 28 lakh farmers equal to total farmers of Punjab and Haryana have more than 2 ha land but they don get income of 2 Acre of irrigated area. They never get benefit of loan mafi and EBC reservation. Does ythese paid leaders of SkM has any information or picked up their issue. Never and now just for richer farmers of Punjab lobbying against these 3 Acts of which maximum clause were implemented in 2008-9 before implementation of AMiGS scheme. Tikait says that godowns have been formed before act were passed. Bechara Tikait is not aware about Grameen bhandarayan yojana statred in 2004 and AmIGS started in 2008-09 by amending the ApMC acts. Rural entrepreneurs who constructed bigger godowns  exposed him. 
We support you modi ji best pm of india
But actual Farmers are in the fields, they are doing their daily job on the farmse. Filthy rich people whose Family member are sending money from Canada, UK... Those are on for a trip with their cars. Yes ther are some of the farmers with their Tractors. We need to make them understand how new bill is beneficial for them.
Anajana ko kuch samaj me nahi aaya.. she is uable to understnd whats Tikait says because he understnad the BJP script only
One question. While the voice vote was going on, what was the opposition doing? Didn't the majority of them walk out? If they had said no to the bill it wouldn't have been passed in the first place. Anyhow they knew division vote wouldn't take place bcz bjp didn't have majority.
Jab kisian bill pass hua tho godi media master stroke bol ke didonar piti thi phir kisian bill return hua tho thabi bhi master strock hai godi media ka
Aadhatis are known to give farmers loans to produce crops and then buy them at lower price. Since, farmers remain largely uneducated, this has led to farmers remaining poor while aadhatis gaining money. 
This brings a tear to my eye, seeing the resilience in our farmers.
I agree the ministers and mechanism of govt totally failed to make people understand that why they bringing the laws and how it will help farmers. And it's also a failure of the media houses..who were busy making TRP. They promotes that protest more the key question, is it good for farmers?
The disbandment of APMCs has not worked well in Bihar- a farmer who owns 4 acres of land in Bihar acts as a labourer in Panjab, because growing any kind of crop on his land in Bihar is so disastrous. India is a socialist democracy and merely copying and pasting policies from capitalist countries is not applicable here. In the west, a single farmer will have land holdings of thousands of acres, and only having subsidies makes farming profitable for them. The farmer is struggling there as well- if the farmer was making 70 cents on the dollar before the corporates got in, he now makes about 14 cents- the rest goes into the pocket of the corporate. Its not possible to replicate that model on farm holdings of 2 acres or so. 
Three Cheers to Modiji for a fabulous Bill and to you, Dr. Manish Kumar, for a terrific analysis! Indians will no longer remain hungry and India will once again reign supreme...
I love modi Ji equal to my parents we want to Tamilnadu God always with him one and only honest pm in India Iron Man of India our pm I love very much our pm
Only  Sikhs  are  farmers  or  what?  Nobody  else  are  seen. That  means  there  is  something fishy  about  farmers  agitation.
This is victory of democracy. This shows that people are more powerful than government and capitalists. Govt will stand if keep people happy if they make people cry they will perish but it is too late for modi govt.
Due to contract based farming farmers can sell their product at a fixed rate no matter how low or high the market rate is
Awards surrendered by sports persons in favor of agateateing farmbers to repel 3 black farmlaws should be awarded back to players by the president of India with an apology
However, if someone thinks that problem is solved, then he is foolish. Agriculture in Punjab and Haryana is highly unsustainable and due to gradual reforms in other parts of India will automatically make farming in these 2 states less profitable and more vulnerable.
Total Indian Farmers should come out and protest against Agri laws to Save Farmers future and for the sake of total country
Please explain the 3 new farmer bills in your next video 
We are always with you modi ji. Don't forget he is modi he would have planned something big and good for our  nation bharat.i am proud to be bhakt.
Do u guys still think that they're Real farmers 
You explained the situation in case of Punjab and Haryana farmers but overlooked the other wheat and rice growing states and the quality of these crops which Govt has to procure is not exportable too. Good video but it overlooks so many other points which we can not overlook if farmer's and farming conditions in India has to improve. Farmer's health, use of chemicals in farming, day by day depleting and polluting water table and farmers growing only few types of crops which brings less price because all are growing same crops. Plz make another video keeping in mind all those aspects too.
Comments on the level playing field of Farmers vis a vis the Corporate has not explained also on how the APMC law is letting traders cartel and making farmers to sell at below MSP. Cannot the Centre make a provision on purchasing anything produced by farmers and then asking the traders to purchase from Central Government in this way the BJP party will not have to face opposition in any state?
How government working to scandalized farmer's image by a propaganda.
3. Playing cheap and paying hefty price instead strengthening farmer oriented infrastructure
Kisan pehle hi bhuy dukhiii hai, esh bill k sat ose msp nhi mile ga and hamari 1000 rupee quantal vali fasal 500 main purchase ho gyi or osh main bhi bhut delay hoga this bill is not consider worthy
They are not farmer..... They are criminal
Modi police we want to ask one thing when Modi and Yogi gatherd several people in Ayodhya Ram temple foundation and BjP Amith Sha conducted rally in Hyderabad violating covid protocol what our police did?
Give the farmers lines of credit, access to quality seeds and pesticides, and Herbicides and fertilizers, subsidised mechanised agricultural equipment, fro insurance to cope with crop losses at the hands of the vagaries of weather, and microfinancing so that they can export their produce, directly to the consumer.
And what a mockery . She says they lend for " low interest" ...oh GOD. their interest rates are sky high..they charge on monthly basis, literally suck the blood and life of farmers..then force the farmers to sell their crops and future produce at dirt cheap prices by using money and muscle power...farmers get entangled in debt trap..
This is not enough. We need guaranteed MSP for our farmer brothers.
Seriously you people think that Rakesh Tikait atall understood the budget coz he only understand what is dalali
In serveys BJP will loose in 5 states & center also thats why they are took back the farm laws
A industrialist, a builder a solar park can have as much land as he wishes but farmer can not
This proves that democracy can be also misused and even having majority vote in lok sabha doesn't help country to develop & growth.Now again farmer suicides, bad cultivation,karz maffi, storage shortage will continue every year.Bcoz of Punjab,haryana, congress & it's IT CELL, left wing foreign funded whole country's farmers will have to suffer
You forgot to mention about clause of dispute between corporation and farmer,  If sdm says that farmer at fault his dues will be collected from land revenues hence loses land. This is just crux, hence  everywhere it is lopsided in corporate favour that is why it has to bulldozed from parliament. PATHETIC!
Chacha ytne din kaha the...election aane wala h na chacha(Punjab, U.P, utrakhand.........)
FARMERS SHOULD NOT BE SUBJECT TO PRICES SET BY PRIVATE BUYERS BECAUSE THEY CAN FORM AN ALLIANCE TO GIVE HARD WORKING FARMERS WHATEVER PRICE THEY SET. DO NOT GIVE UP FARMERS
Well Explanation the lallantop about Kishan Bill
Ravish Kumar and kisan Union
I am olso belong to farmer family so mein farmers wala hi ha
Hence proved,  muscle and money always wins. The amount of money pumped in for farmers protest is beyond imagination
You call him a farmer..!!!
Now,BJP tattu will say these are khalistani......
Zee news valo tumhara kasur nhi kyoki tumko sirf paise chahiye Jo BJP de rhi h aap to BJP ke hi tlve chatoge thu tumhare channel pr
45 min. Shame on the police who are beating the farmers with lathis .
Becoz some #CESS govt exempted to all the farmers... That is not #DIGESTED to these states people.
To think that this protest represents the will of the poor farmers is absolutely immoral
BJP BHAKTS OPEN YOUR EYES LISTEN to THE FARM HEART
Punjab was divided in 47 with the majority hived off to PAK. Then in 66, we had the created of Haryana/Himachal. 
A big slap on those who told this wasn't a farmers protest. 
These so called fake farmers broke the protocol and barricade. 
BJP IS A VERY STRONG PARTY , BUT I FEEL THE REPRESENTATIVE MEMBERS ARE NOT COMMITTED TO THEIR DUTY. IF BJP WANT TO RULE INDIA IN FUTURE ,THEN ALL ITS MEMBER NEEDS TO BE MORALLY AND INTELLECTUALLY STRONG . ALWAYS THE REPRESENTATIVES ARE THE STAR OF A GOVT , PEOPLE OF INDIA DECIDE ON THE VALUE OF THE GOVT BY LOOKING AT THE BEHAVIOUR OF ITS MEMBER. SIR I WANT YOU TO FIRST BRING UNITY IN YOUR MEMBERS , THEY NEED TO  SPREAD LOVE , UNITY , AND PEACE TO THE PEOPLE OF INDIA . WE ALL WANT BJP , BUT ALWAYS YOUR MINISTERS DO SOMETHING WHICH IS WRONG , NOT ETHICAL DUE TO WHICH PEOPLE OF INDIA ARE ANGRY . SIR YOU NEED TO APPOINT YOUNG LEADERS LIKE US TO SPEAK TO THE PEOPLE OF INDIA AND MAKE THEM FEEL THAT DONT WORRIE U ARE SAFE , THE WORD OF KINDNESS AND WORD OF UNITY REALLY MAKES A DIFFERENCE .JAI HIND
PM Modi is hand in glove with billionaire Ambani and Adani. Even before these laws were passed these billionaire's registered farming companies, purchased mega huge lands, built technology infrastructure, built cold storage silos to store grains crops, built transportation infrastructure railways direct to these cold storage silos. This all was done before these predatory laws were passed which will pave a hurdle free takeover of Indian's farm lands and agriculture sector. Shame on Modi for planning death laws for it's own farmers
taliban creat by usa and russia and develop by pakistan.
I come from that India where you get 2 gata fertilizer on 1 aadhar card no matter how much land you got one acre or 100 acre. This is Modi's india not my india.
Why is mr modi not listening to farmers on the krishi kanoon. 
Its simple. Let farmer protest becz its their rights, and govt must listen to them becz its their duty.
thought process. His explanation did give the depth to that process. I think the Government should have no problem in fixing the MSP. What is it that is preventing the assurance  has to be thought of. Is there an unseen hand ?. Well the Government must come clean and fix the MSP, determined by a scrupulous group of experts from time to time. Live and let live policy can solve this problem. The Government should be NEITHER : pro Farmer - nor pro Corporate - nor pro Consumer. Can this Government pass the litmus test. Time will tell.
Think  as farmer what they  going through right now
And what is stopping farmers from entering into agreement as on date??
Ravish good anchor compare  to all Godi media Anchores .
Nothing new.. bahubalis do this everytime be it bjp congress sp bsp .. but defending these bahubali gundas by godi media openly is what concern..
Not covering hong kong and chinese fighters in Taiwanese airspace. But covering the chaos caused by these khalistanis. The real farmer leaders parted away from these just after the got the news of it becoming voilent whoever got involved in this chaos were all rioters and should be delt like it.
If price of agro commodities are high  people worry how we can survive ,but when agro commodities price is less people will never think how farmer will survive.
Jafar ji, please respond to the point only as you asked by sandeep and do not start advising your Price given by you to kisan.
Govt. Should Circulate This Kind Of Videos Before Presenting The Farm Laws In Parliament. But They Made Hurry And Result Is Here (I Don't Know Whether Laws Are Good Or Bad, But Govt. Should Try To Communicate With Farmers)
Group of chad farmers or virgin Indian government?
All these years farmers in Maharashtra were doing suicide because of these farm laws. Now they will all live in luxury. Thanks to their support to Punjab farmers.
BJP must be taught a lesson...farmers will do that...
Devote be like farmer is anti nationalist
Very sad to see that our farmers don't want to change.. Ab ye bill hat gaya, toh aur cheezo ke liye roenge. Rona band nahi hoga inka.
Why only farmers from Punjab, Haryana and UP have problems with the farm law.
Today Taliban in control of Afghanistan because India was using Afghan soil against Pakistan, so Pakistan had no other option but aiding Taliban. So India is responsible for this mess.
3- Agriculture Census 2015-16 published in 2019 revealed that average size of land holdings in respective states of Punjab and Haryana is higher than the Average size of national holdings and much higher than that of the state of UP, Bihar, Odisha, WB, MP, Chattisgarh  and other states who have greater dependency of population on agriculture sector for their subsistence therefore creates a condition which coupled with the assistance during the Green Revolution and resulting infrastructure and ecosystem  favours the Punjab farmers more to the farmers of other agricultural states in terms of production capacity, volume, automation, supply on large scale and etc. 
Congratulations to all Farmers whose dedication have resulted in reality..
Now they want to make farmers poor...
Farmer is  backbone of the India.
Out slavery and get state power in your own hand. Azadi hi hall khalistan zindabad
Are modi you are not a great leader you support corporates not farmers
Farmers decorate you with the custodian of forth pillars of democracy.You are good retort to Godi media. Hats off to you Ajit bhai.
Our Farmers still not adjusted to liberalisation that's the reason farm Law failure
Modi was tea seller he dont know what is farmers issues.
If there are any  improvements needed they must be incorporated but the bill is must for farmer welfare.
I am literally shocked, just run over farmers as just like that?
Excellent analysis with true heart. An eye opener. Farmers deserve victory
So hundreds and thousands of farmers could've been saved so people could keep getting food for them in small price's
India is a very vast country and half of her population depends on farming. Nearly 500 to 600 millions 
All the intelligent people in and around congress look below average when they defend persons who make irresponsible statements , polarization, Khalistan, Rhianna, national unity, not word how farm laws are wrong or beneficial
It began too early because there are too many tractors. It will not be possible to complete the rally on time. All farmer unions are together. Shame on bitch media.
Beggars bluddy farmers ...even my dog will not pie on you
How could farmers enter red fort so easily? Why didn't police be placed in high no. to stop such incident when everyone knew they were approaching red fort? Many police were seen sitting & relaxing in the chair when protestors were going inside red fort as if they were ordered to do so? India is a land of many religions bt when minority flags will be hoisted, majority will bound to offend. Faith is bigger than anything in India.
Farmers, never forget the hardships they put you through  Never ever vote for this gobar party
Was supporting farmers. Not anymore. This people are khalistan group  not farmers.  They are founded by the Congress and opposition.
Funny video farmers have right to sell whomever they want
Q2. How many of them are actual farmers who own land and till their soil with their bare hands like we do. If you say you do ground reporting these should have been  in your data. 
I am  Modi supporter all these years . I only can thank him that he repealed those laws .
I can gurantee you one thing the minister along with his son will be announced innocent in court..whereas the farmers will be held a terriosts because the fact is we are living in India and in India power and money matters and so the court will always side with power and money even though our Indian court will sentence an innocent men..
It's time for Indian's to kick out Modi and BJP government in India  look at India today  it's total disaster under Modi has divided  India into 3 different categories
Who are farmers, goons of Cong
the problem of BJP govt.in indian politics is an unfortunate one,the laders are uneducated and think themselves higher than anyone else!common people suffer!
What happened before to farmers they will forget
Very informative video , thanking you on behalf of every farmer from India,  love your effort.. 
Please guys support farmers. They're really working Hard for our country
There is no protest a cross india only except Punjab and haryna because in punjab and haryana there are mandi markets which was collapsing farmers
Those opposing the farm laws are not culprit but those showing stubbornness of a complete repeal have played role widening trust deficit bw both the parties.
Thank you for explaining the issue in simple terms, you are a also a true son of the soil,hats off to you. My salute to the farmers for standing united. Shame on those who are not listening. Time will never ever forgive you.
Only NDTV speaks truth. Thank u Ravish ji. Hope all Godi media goes to hell, who lie at all times. Country need to hear truth, this Godi modi lies lies and lies. Our ears can't take any more lies. How can these nalik people, we can get rid of. They are living in real hell.
17:05 he is only telling half side of the fact and misleading... Why don't check the income of US farmers it's relatively more than average Americans and most of the farmers are in excellent condition... Only 2.2million people are there in farming thier cause of failing are completely different from indian farming.. Reasons are also very different!! Wtf dont mislead people
No farmers no food 
And when govt. Take these laws back farmers of india having a heavy loss and now they get 3 thousand Indian rupee per quintal  
A great victory for farmers.
This decision slightly benefitted Bjp but not opponents. Although this bill was monsterous, like CAA, but MSP is not feasible for all products except for rice- wheat- pulses.
Waiting for tippini after repeal of farm laws news.
Love and Respect for our Honourable Prime Minister Narendra Modi Ji
At this time Sriman ji government of yogi and Modi.
modi messed up with wrong ppl...farmers
Farmer power 
*Preparators of maheym are in constitutional post and crooked individuals are sharing foul against protesting farmers*
So this coward ran away. Today I watched young Afgani men protesting in Germany, if they cared they would have gone back and fought, coward men. Pakistan should not accept any refugees let's see how many India takes. I read on Indian website Mohdi was considering fighting Taliban, this has to be the joke of the year.
Its the fault of the farmers. Bhai even though u know wheat is not consumed by a lot many people. Still why are u producing in huge caps.
   i also stand with farmers
Are they farmers or goondas?
So the Government of India is promoting Capitalism, the farmers want Socialism, one year after what I presume a large number of them voted for this government? Not that different than the US where the farmers vote for capitalism but want socialist protections and subsidies for themselves. Crazy that so many people dont understand whats in their own best interest when its election time
We all with all farmers
RIP to poor farmers
Instead of protesting against government if farmers unite and bargain with traders that would be much better for them
Thanks to Modi ji for bringing agricultural
We support farmers 
Bill no. 1 - says any one can store any amount of ration.. for example someone having huge warehouse can store anything for example they stored onions and can potray that there no onion in market . Thus after that selling it at higher price later. For example , around 2-3 years, potates were almost sold for 1-2 ruppee for kg, now guess how much u bought it for?
Very Good Farmers Modi Yogi Ko hatio democracy Bring In this Country
Congratulation our farmers.
Poor decision by modi , that's why we need yogi ji as our PM
We did small mandi in Pune to support our local farmer association. We can do it well in our level.. why can't government enforce. Farmers are human too. I feel sorry for them. Yes , aam admi can help in this way.
Blame  amith shah for this, they should be trashed and put in Jail. these fake farmers dam, hell bent on destroying nation
Politics in the garb of farmers.
 farmers had done a wonderful job in the initial years of the Green 
Stop saying that shah modi wants to talk but farmers don't. 
No farmer no food 
I don't know this reporters name but he was the first reporter who had claimed last year that Modi has lost the farm law fight.It is over, farmers have won. It is all a matter of how they can repeal the laws (he suggested some ways) I had viewed the entire episode. He is a very good analyst! 
Hello Guys I am a farmer from Punjab IAM telling u all that I agree some farmers became emotional and went to the red fort but BJP took  an advantage of all this and disguised there men within us . It was a very clever move of there but what good had happened. Even though it's a protest farmers have opened health camps and serving free food . Police officers have there hands tied so we cannot say a word to our cops. Nothing good has happened to either farmers nor police just BJP took benefit of it. RIP to all the people who died in farmers protest.
Bro I feel common people will suffer more instead farmers. And small scale vegetable saler will have no business because of large businesses man.
SOME TIMES GOVERNMENTS HAVE TO BOW FOR HEAVY PRESSURE CAUSED BY PUBLIC OPINION. SO HAPPENS EVEN IN WESTERN DEMOCRACIES . REMAINS TO SEE WHICH SIDE IS RIGHT FARMERS OR THE GOVERNMENT.
Dirty people all are Mandis , not farmers , they must be punished and jailed
Protestor won , farmers lost . India lost
Please stop this! We should stop supporting less productive jobs in india.
Govt repealing farm lawa : Congress still have problem  
Yh modi ambani ka chamcha kyu bn rha h. Wo smjta kyu nh ke agr ache kaam kre to wo hmsha PM rh shkta h but otherwise sure next time koi or PM bnega. We should support farmers #boycottModisarkar
Which Public is not made aware of,. For Modis Government there is more to lose if Farmers Protests continue than finishing them.
These 3 farm laws which were considered game changer reforms..sadly lost to bunch of few uneducated  uniformed pseudo farmer's hired by politicians and mandi brokers...black day for India...
What a great man he is ,full of compassion, patience  and visionary leadership and understanding . A human being who truly understands,  yet to create unity and strengthen the Nation he repealed the 3 MSP laws that otherwise were being shamefully protested. Unanimity in the Nation, concern and care for all is deep within his heart.  He has won a great battle,set aside the Opposition or those selected that misleads at all times. Great decisions can only be taken by great men and today it is Modi ji,our Great P.M.
i live in haryana and a daughter of a farmer .
It is interesting how government intervention created the problem, yet Indian farmers rather operate under a centralized governance rather than a free market society. Although many jobs would be potentially lost in the process,  it would also benefit the economy as a whole. History has shown that competition can lead to increases in efficiency and can help to solve problems that could not have been countered without such competition. Even if farmers were entirely replaced ( which would be an indication of consumer favouritism), job opportunities would still be created and might favour those with an education or who wish to increase the quality of their lives. This is a process which has occurred historically in many countries that evolved from farming to industrialization. It is almost a necessary sacrifice if societies wish to evolve and thus should not always be resisted.
Thanks sir for raising farmers voice
If union government can not take agricultural reforms....then why Agriculture is in Concurrent list....plz transfer Agricultural into state list....let state manage there farmers according to there need
Saeed Ansari, learn from what happened to Chitra Tripati and stop being godi media.
Ye zee news nahi ye bjp news h
Good night bbc when will be justice for farmers protest quickly should be justice for farmers we want justice jay jawan jay kisan kisan eakta jindabad bjp gov
That's good but farmers should rethink before voting.
Teach these lesson to all the bjp in India 
And still farmer is harassed in protest by the government of this country
The history of big companies in agriculture across the world shows that small farmers are unable to compete and get uprooted once big players enter the market. Arecent study of contract farmingin the Moga, Tarn Taran and Amritsar proves this point for India as well
I agree with you Shekharji! I was going through the comment section, and even people of Punjab feel that there is a need for these reforms. But, BJP failed to build consensus and/or consult with all the stakeholders before passing these bills.
Ok, here what I got from this episode. To quote: 'it may not help bjp much, but it would damage Congress a lot in Punjab.'  Some times it feels The Print is the gang leader of right wing sanghi crowd.
2. Why did the Farmers deviate from their routes which were decided earlier?
so many people supporting the Taliban but why I can't understand.
This is happened after when bjp leader son driven the car on kissan . And kisan was killed . Then kissan got angry  . This is right what kissan done because there family members or friends where killed by bjp leader by car . Those who where beaten.  Those people should killed but kissan only beaten them . kissan Ekta jindabad
farmer on top
I just loved this Documentry.... So Fantastically Described Every thing....Being a Punjabi, I appreciate ur efforts made in the support of farmers....God Bless Each & Every Team Member of urs
i am willing to know what is impacting farmers to accept new farm law... and how will it impact farmers countriwise...
Happy Independence DAY to INDIAN Brothers from  Brotherly Pakistan and AFGHANISTAN 
Dear SG, your own comment proves how nuisance always gets it's demands met, and hence we should never incentivize it. You spoke of Punjab, and Sikhs, because they can create that nuisance, but you never spoke a single word about the rest of the country, the sentiments of it's people, why? Because we don't pose a threat, isn't it? However, let me remind you that the entire country stood behind GOI on it's J&K action. Do you know why? not because everybody became a BJP supporter. Not because everybody thought that the objectives and the means were all fair and blessed with the Holy Water. The entire country was with GOI because we have had enough of the nuisance, and we were fine if certain amount of unfair means had to be adopted to get rid of the nuisance.
Trial the reforms in a few regions first, realise the benefits and prove to the rest the merits of the reforms (if any).  Use the excess grain for the livestock industry and increase meat production.  Concerns of the farmers must be addressed as no reforms will work without their support.  Start distributing free face masks to the protestors and villagers.  Look into providing low interest loans, the costs of agricultural inputs and export markets for agricultural products. Best wishes to India and in memory of my classmate Gurbachan Singh
Isn't  Muslim a farmer ?
Only 6% of farmer produce is sold to APMC, therefore free market forces mostly exist anyway and yet the benefits of free market agriculture hasn't happened owing to unethical & exploitative corporate practices.
Farmers you deserve a big salute ! And my sincere support for your focused efforts and protest. The FAKE BJP govt is evil and they will continue with their diversions. However what they need to understand is propogating same lie in different versions doesn't hide or change the reality. Farmers
Cbi enquiry on all protectors group , and see  who supported by china and pakistan , though supported group should be banned and though group history shown in front of indian citizens.
Indian Government can't do anything, farmers themselves have chosen to remain poor!
The above concept is quite interesting where the govt need to understand this demand  rather than keeping away themselves from the farmer , as they believe that they opened the channel for the meet between farmer and buyer..
Look at our country...if ur a farmer's child they will not allowed u to follow their foot step.
Modi - Says its a historical bill
The non bjp party supporters who had come to protest the visit of dycm keshav prasad maurya were leaving back for homes as dycm changed route. On seeing the  convoy of bjp partymen going to meet dycm, they attacked bjp partymen and  their drivers with stones and sticks which had led to the vehicles going astray and causing  accidental mowing of some protestors who were there. Considering that  the farm laws have been kept in abeyance and is challenged in supreme Court, such  violent protests should have been avoided. People of india already witnessed the horrifying farmer lobby driving tractors fast and furious to kill policemen during Republic day besides bringing down indian flag
Where are you paid chatukar?? When bjp ministers son  killed the farmers by hitting car..??
The farmers have defeated the government by agitation now it is the time to defeat the BJP in the election.
Farmers must understand that this is not up to the R govt to take any decisions. Policies are made by their corporate masters. Those who are funding and backing the R to remain in power. Protesting will achieve nothing anymore.
So if Punjab & Haryana protest & no other major states are protesting then might be political influence. Else, entire country is mostly into farming. So country should have been burning if all are not happy with it!
This is not in favor of farmer's instead in favor of businessman's
Modi is trying to make businessmen from Gujarat rich hes trying to make his state rich and make rest of India poor. Jai Kisan Jai Jawan.
All big fraud are befooling the poor farmers. They are paid workers of Ardthiyas and will be properly handled by these poor farmers in coming days. Ardthiyas have earned more than 1000 crore in wheat procurement this amount could have been earned  by Farmers Bodies also like PACS/FPOs. Farmers are on road bcoz of Ardthiyas and Tikait type worker call them service provider. SKM is not taking real issue of farmers.
Its imperative that the government takes a holistic view on agriculture where majority of the population is involved and hence is effected. This has to go hand in hand with job creation and weaning away the fragmented agriculture land holdings farmers to a better future in manufacturing sector. This would firstly consolidate land holdings  for machination of agriculture to take place as how do you expect a farmer with 1.5 acre of land to move to machination.
Kisan also Indian people, think about them
those people who created this mayhem were not farmers...they were paid stooges of the opposition parties..the real farmers were agitating peacefully
What is the unjust brought upon the farmers
Shameless people , they are not farmers at all.
But videos on farmers touched my heart
This is godi media..
Stupid ordinance how many farmers go for contract farming .......
This is the golden day when the most arrogant authoritarian cunning ruler has been bought to his knees by the democratic nonviolent agitation of Indian farmers.
There was no provisions against farmer, opposition and few vested interest in  farmers have led nation in wrong direction
we respect farmers but we die for our national pride our representation our flag ....!!! many army people are just sacrificing there lives for national flag ....!!!
It is so upsetting to see so many senior citizens, going through all this but also inspiring at the same time. Such a strong sense of community. We are all with the farmers!
They r not farmers they r unemployed youth of Punjab and worst thing is punjab govt has done absolutely nothing to address the issue of unemployed in their state. Amrinder Singh just keeps on crying on media channel that his govt don't have money and punjab youth is unemployed
No Farmer No food , we are with farmers
If farmers are not happy with the bill then why implement it.
I also see as Govt acting tough now on agitators as farmer cause cover is removed
Simple: because the BJP knows they lost and they won't let this happen... Am still waiting for democracy in India.
Enough of acting..People of India are tired plz. Just give the farmers what they want and move on
Rakesh Tiket is best comedian, jobless and is democracy ke liye deemak hai, yaha jitne bhi log is dakait ke favor me likh rahe hai sirf itna answer de dena ki Haj house se kitne jobs create huve hai, main comment karna band kar dunga......
God bless our farmers 
Amrinder Singh, being a Jatt Sikh, doesn't have support of Jatt Sikhs. We see Patiala as a Gaddar. We support the Sikh Empire of Maharaja Ranjit Singh. BJP hasn't studied history and got a loser in 
Very good farmers i hope you'll get rich now right? India is a failed democracy accept it or not.
What evidence Iyer has to state that " farmers are unhappy with a dalit being the CM of Punjab". This man seems to be not only polarising people of the country esp Punjab on religious lines but caste lines as well..
More than opposition, it is Godi media which does more harm to BJP.
What a Unity among the Punjabis.. As a nation, we and the world need to learn from them.. Unity is the real strength.. God bless farmers!
Finally to conclude it is  Unfortunate that Modiji had to repeal the Farm act.
Don't spread propaganda. Farmers are in the field, working day and night, they are party workers.
God please keep all uncle ji's and elderly safe !                    Every PM at least makes a statement to media that he is looking into the issue. But MODI ass**** did not even come in front once. I will never ever vote for BJP in my entire lifetime.               I lost 10k in demonetization. he has been a pain in the ass since his beginning
Modi has betrayed its own supporters....now we don't support Modi...he must resign...
No government in this world can stand before the power of Punjabis. Salute from south india
jab bhi communist protest karthe jyadathar galath direction hi hotha hai kisan kheth ko chod road mein kyon yeh kam karne wala kisan nahi communist party of India
Can't think How could someone say that these farmers are Khalistani or terrorists....just look at their gesture Even after 2 months of struggle they are talking with all respect and silence.
If you see the comments here most of people are in favour of farm Bills acts  as  many farmers are tenants
The speaker in the parliament who literally sold his life's reputation by the way he passed the farmer bill will be the most disappointed one!
Victory for farmer
Lets cut these professionals salaries starting 2022 - lets see how they would feel.   Farmers are asking for basics - if a bag of chips has MSRP why not the food that farmers grow!!  70% of farmers have less than 10 acres - are they sophisticated enough to negotiate with large corporations? How is that fair?  India is not suppose to be an authoritarian regime. Support Farmers!
If the government will not take the bill back than all Jat regiment will leave the Indian army....
Till now 205 people died #farmersprotest.  Thankyou vise
Modi is ONLY concern of Gujarati Business men, Rather than Farmers of India
farmer take right decision his right
What Modhis government has done with covid-19 it just shows what there capable of. You can't replace generations of farmers families. #support the Indian farmers. The fact that they have the elderly out in the scorching heat Modhi u should be ashamed of yourself. Exactly they have been protesting so long because their livelihoods are at stake. When will the government actually look after its citizens rather than chasing money.
Pakistan helped them capture Panjshir valley and this is what they gave in return . Hope our Indian Defence Ministry and our soldiers are watching all this and discussing to come up with a solution to ensure our country's safety .
Contract farming benefits/ Traditional(desi wheat  )  is available @Rs. 150 to Rs 250 rupees a kilogram at Amazon & Flip cart. Elder  farmers  know how to cultivate "Desi wheat/ " but because of  huge  cost and lack of purchasers and  less  yield as compared to varieties purchased on MSP they are helpless. But if there is assured purchase by contract farming will it benefit or harm health & economy of punjab/Haryana farmer's? Prof. (Dr.) Prem Khosla
I support farmers!! Every sane Indian citizen must stand in solidarity with our farmers!!!
The majority farmers who entertained the new farm laws by not supporting the PM  in a visible manner have failed themselves and the well meaning PM . This has left the violent minority to run their circus ad lib to the extend allowing the anti national to join in the melee. The government could have gone boots and all but preferred to wait and see. The movement degenerated into separatist movement etc: Seeing that it is remaining as a festering sore and not seeing the majority farmers coming out to support the government, the PM took the decision to repeal the reform law. Guptajis description of the inception of the law in the parliament is somewhat true and could have been avoided! In the final analysis, it is a case of baby out with the bath water and the poor farmers suffer further, in the absence of such a protective reform law! The middlemen and their interest prevail as it did before! Back to square one!
No zee news, india tv , zee Hindustan . None of them covering this. I can see NDTV
What students leaders are to south Indian politics...farm mandi leaders are to North indian politicis. Modi govt should bring this bill.. farmers will benifit immensely....new technology will be brought by mnc and govt red tapism will decrease
I am always with my farmers and labours so hardworking I eat food because of these three sources that is labours, farmers and researchers...
News laundry start taking on wion and target that upaday lady who is a bakths just like godi media if you start that I will start paying you
Thanks modiji for repel these Krishi kanoon in favor of nation
only people who dont know the farm laws will go against them. the farm laws only benefit farmers by opening up grater opportunities for them so they are not at the hands of these middlemen who are protesting who buy crops from farmers at low cost and then sell it to  companies for a heavy price. now farmers will be able to sell produce to companies directly and get a greater profit....moreover, the people protesting are all the rich farmers . even at the protests they get trucks and fit tvs in them and enjoy....GOVERNMENT IS READY TO TALK TO FARMERS UNDERSTAND PROBLEMS TO MAKE CHANGES IN LAWS IF NECESSARY  BUT FARMERS  DONT WANT TO TALK AND DISCUSS AS THEY HAVE NO POINTS
Now this seems to me as Gorilla tactics of Afghanistan government forces on Taliban ofcourse with the aid of US Air strikes. Earlier Afghanistan government had to maintain long supply lines and Taliban Chooses to strike wherever it wants and now it is Afghan government's turn to strike wherever it wants and cause damage and loss to Taliban. Gorilla sword is  sharp from either side. It takes efforts to run a government and only a strike to disrupt it. Similar tactics are being played even in politics in India. It takes efforts to run the country smoothly and all it takes is a protest to bring the country to a halt. So anybody who stops the country for petty protests should be penalized for loss of production including taxes and should also be jailed for quite sometime.
The independent farmers in UK need to be protected from the big industrialist companies
BJP should immediately repeal the laws and then with their pr they should blame everything on these protesters. 
All weather brave farmers are brothers and sisters of soldiers They are not stepping back without having their demands met with.
Love you Haryana, Punjab and Haryana are brothers and have same blood.
In the year 2013 , land acquisition act 2013 was implemented on the replacement of old English land acquisition act 1894 . In the act 2013 relief was given to  farmers,  jamindars and land owners from the high handed ness , unfair deals and forcefully acquisition of their lands . 
Yeh haal modi k saath hoga if he doesnt take farm bill back, china is training in Ladakh and will free Kashmir, chinas next target will be destabilizing Punjab and they will try to make Khalistan. If this Kisan agitation keep going, these farmer will enter Modis home and parliament. Modi should take back farm laws and we all india should fight China
When this parallel mandi started then at the end, the grain merchants ( adattiye) will end up sitting in these mandi. And there is no one to help these farmers or buying their products.
How could  farmers who were not and never showing interest in discussing be convinced?
e)  It is of utmost importance that uniform pricing policy will actually reflect the contribution of farmers to GDP which is deliberately lowered by manipulated pricing system prevailing in the country. 
But the farmers can still sell in the mandi right?
2).SGji, you are advocating in politics sam, dam, dand, bhed is okay and acceptable and you ( media) enjoy all this. Bad message from a respected media leader - ethics and moral stay relevant. That's why people come to street.tgey reject sam, dam ...niti. Leader's integrity matters, Leader's character matters. Young generation is very jagruk worldwide. They reject sam, dam....
Shanta Kumar's data 2012-13, Your data 2019-20. Clear proof of substantial increase in the procurements in the last 7 years time. Large farmers benefit more than small farmers and marginal farmers don't get MSP benefit - my own assessment from field / ground reality. Thanks.
Love and Respect for Rakesh Tikait ji
Sahi baat h farmers ki problem ko privatise krke unregulate nai krna chaiye, lakin media channels like ScoopWhoop is also private and they always think about profit yaani isko bhi regulate kro by central govt. 
The situation in Maharashtra as I know is worse. I don't know the details but I know one thing that farmers working day and night would settle for some miserable profit for their ignorance and the middle men or vyapari who actually do nothing will have the big bunglow , cars.
the govt can launch a scheme where farmers get a fair price for their land. This will also be useful in bailing out farmers. Then, the govt gives the farmer a fixed salary for producing crops. This way, farmers are ensured  a fixed income even if the harvest is not good giving them financial security. The govt gets all these crops and then sells these to the traders at the govt price. This way the govt can control market prices .Both the farmer and the consumer benefit from this.
We maharastriyan are happy with this bill ncp is trying to invoke us but they know this will hurt them more .Aap and Congress is politicising in it for upcoming election .
I hope India knows the world is watching the way its treating its farmers, its minorities and its people they wont get away with the same things theyve gotten away with in the past so shes 1984. This time the world is watching them so the government needs to wake up and start treating its people with the respect and dignity they deserve.
Farmers are good 
Plz show the vedio clip for Nangloi metro on this day then u will understand why they were just sitting  near red fort .It's was the intelligence of our police that they have not harmed or had severly injured any farmer, If they had applied force some was severly injured then u would have come and say that they have killed the farmers,then this was next global issue for u.
Raaan TV thu thu Pranav James Roy chor Ko arrest karo . They are not farmers , but hooligans . Modi govt failure of mishandling this agitation would create instability . Yogendra Yadav salim is extremist and chameleon and turn into that to create turmoil .
All of them are mandi persons who all at great loss by this bill .. Look at their dresses from which angle they are looking farmers?
If mandi is not good my questions is that why new bills expolite  farmers ki vo unko unki negotiation ka according barging nhi kr reha and agr collective bargaining ka time aye to etna grievance ki company ego dhekati ha and even communities will take decision's in favour of company's .....
We need support from all states and  stand beside these farmers in solidarity.
NDTV only conduct detail  discussion regarding this complicated farm bill.
Now , if this is not happening then either farming is an irrelevant business with increasing efficiency , as a handful of farmers or corporates can now meet all the needs of the needs of the masses ,because the supply has maxed out and one should probably consider moving to other field of business.
It happens only in India where minimum support price is the maximum price that the farmer gets .
hahaha,India's biggest failure is this modi
Sir plz also make a video on stone pelting,internet shut down at the borders,biased media,not giving supply of water and electricity to the farmers at the borders..
when you get this news that BJP is getting back in West UP and Punjab that means the use of EVMS will be there
When God is with you nothing can stop you and God is always with truth  Congratulations to farmers
3. By removing the cereals,  vegetables and oil seeds government is also helping the farmers selling in the open markets using the Second law earn more. So basically no one is losing. This is what my understanding based on your video.
I stand with farmers.... N thanks Arfa mam
I stand with farmer MSP             
BBC falling behind india, who always praise pakistan ,Can BBC dare to broad caste the issues of pakistan What happen in sialkot
Let's not forget that the East India Company started its colonialism by exactly this approach in the beginning... remember that indigo plants, cotton and sugarcane crops forcefully cultivated by exploiting farmers..? Nearly same thing is happening here I guess.
Punjab election is gonna be interesting
It's actually sad that people will still blame the farmers for protesting rather than the government for introducing ideas which aren't viable in the long run
We need our rights bjp member song monu Mishra kill 5 farmers by her car we need action against bjp member Ajay Mishra and monu Mishra
First wrong information is being circulated that farmers are now free to sell their products anywhere.... . Even in the previous system farmers were able to sell their products anywhere.. for example few apple farmers from himachal use to sell their corps in delhi or chandigarh...
Well done farmer! F the media.
Now godi media will prove the fault of farmer.
I support farm laws. Anti-farm law protests are anti-farmer. Period.
Indian Farmers 1
SALUTE TO FARMER'S  OF INDIA .
Power hunger BJP just to be in power, selling India and so cruel for Ambani and Adani killing own people. For this day we waited so long
And these farmers protest exposed by great iceberg 
Delhi Parliament itself needs reforming and modernisation. Passing of the 3 farmers bills is testimony of failures in following the rule books of Parliament. A handful of people decided the fate of millions without debates and consultations. A bill that is passed under controversial circumstances should not become law.
5) Majority Indian farmers are not educated so they could easily be exploited by contract farming as framing contracts and related paper work is beyond an average farmer.
The number TV channels at the PC shows influence of Godi media.
#Farmers win today 19/11/21.... Thanks so much  The Daily show ....
We should stop the food supply to all Godi media...than talk!
What if it was not done by farmers and was done just to show that farmers are wrong !?
Government charge interest When Farmers get Loan to Buy seed and Fertilizer from Government ,
Farmers have not been killed by police or in encounter.Old farmers were brought to the border and died due to illness and declared martyrs.
You were the Only One who presented the three Farm Laws before us in the Most Unbiased way as possible !  I'm really proud of myself that in the era of supporting biased agenda driven journalism, I love and Support your way of Journalism SG Sir 
Sometimes ago, Lawyers beat them up....how many could prosecute ? Now farmers have assaulted them. What Delhi Police have been reduced to ? Give them some powers. Even a common citizen can react in self defense when assaulted but Police did not.   The one sided restraint is not working.
Shame shame on india media reports shame shame
These laws are already implemented in Bihar . Have a look at the condition of Bihar farmers .
Big loss of small farmers 
Govt should come with strategy looking at both farmers and consumers as major stake holder, or govt should make themselves fare middle man management tool.
Farmers carrying our national flag and protesting ... I think now it's enough, government should accept their demands and should not take it too far...
Sould be 100 times more dislike to this modi media channel
Nice explanation. And i agree that the starting phase of the protest was for the genuine reasons. But thn comes politics into play cause there going to be elections in Punjab in 2022 and many so called leaders need ro expand their vote bank
You forgot to mention that a lot of these agricultural laws on farmers were left behind by the iron fist  control of the British Raj which was more interested in feeding Greek and British soldiers in WWII than the Indian population  - see the manufactured Holocaust famine in Bengal thanks to Churchill.
Fire inside farmers , against anti farmers bill , every facist team have brutal end...... Don't support anti farmers anti national central government bjp is trying to destroy farmers......
Kisan bhaiyo - let SC make the decision. They will decide right for now and for future. It is evident that Govt., in its quest to do "right" , did it in a myopic way, without catering to the needs of all sections. It needed greater initiative, more discussions and agreement, with provisions to re-visit issues in the future. Koi sarkar kisika maa baap nehi hota hai. Modi ji ek PM hai par he is not right in executions most of the times. Khali intention accha honey se hi nehi chalta hai. Jaldi sudhro aur sab kuch accha se, dhire se sudharo...creative destruction pe matt jaao. 
I support farmers..but why did they turned a Farmers & workers protest into...a religious protest? What was the need to throw indian flag and host the flag of nishan shaheb? Where was your salogan of "kishan majdoor Ekta jindabaad" during that time...and lastly what was the need to damage public property? 
Save farmers save India
3. Setting a price margin for min & max price a commodity can be sold.
Come on farmers you can do it
Jammu and Kashmir sport farmer Punjab people 
These laws with a few changes made in the interest of farmers as is their demand can be revolutionary and can bring an end to these protests but currently they're more deadly than anything in a long run, both for consumers and farmers.
And finally farmers can NOT be allowed to abrupt otheres livelyhood and free movements. Criminals must face the law.
You are a true example Indian Farmers. Not only did you achieve this for which I am so happy for you But you have shown the rest of the world things are not hopeless! You give me strength!
Mandimers' tour to Delhi .If farmers are rich like these,India may be no 1 in the world Media are hiding many realities due to vested interests and not thinking the actual farmers of the country.
Alot of people aren't thinking outside the box. With private players entering the market, farmers will have more employment opportunities, not bearing the risks involved with damaged crops. Also, it's a fact that private enterprises are statistically more productive compared  to government enterprises in India. This invariably means that there will be a greater level of focus towards achieving high standard of productivity. Also private enterprises would have the ability to raise capital and make investments, to implement better farming technologies in India. Although private entities will be entering the market, the government will still impose logical and reasonable regulations ( like how the RBI regulates large proportions on private banking functions in India). Also, it is important to know that the mandi culture is currently a mafia driven culture, where the middlemen and government officials are in on it, and if this bill comes into place it would be hard for them to make their cuts (illegally). So this is just my opinion after doing a bit or research, although on face value we don't see this  because no one covers the positive angle to this story.
Ye modiji hai indian government wah ji rajniti ke bich me log fas gaye or mr gaye very good
Farmer is the backbone of countries economy
But if he was in the vehicle how the hell did he escape without vehicle from these hundreds of farmers.i don't anyone can escape this much crowd
Stop calling them FARMERS !! IT'S A POLITICAL GIMMICK  .. NOTHING MORE
Proud of you sir.we are with farmer.
2. If for a farm produce is exposed to market conditions,  will a farmer earn more than what he has invested? 
but still some blind follower of bjp will explain some interesting excuse like, ""petrol ka price intne bad gaya ki gari rukta to loss ho jata ,isiliye upar say chala dya!!"".......i was just socked when i came to know that bjp has said that there were some stones and grables so the car lost its control....what a stupid excuse
Rakesh Tikait has given appropriate replies to Ajit Anjum's twisted questions with wit and cleverness of a Farmer leader he is famous for.
Took control from states and made 1 act for whole country. Centre govt will issue guidelines related to it the state and no role in except adherence to the guidelines, mode and manner in which payment shall be given to the farmers. 
Farmers is right
god of farmer Rakesh tiket is poor only 80crore property  so poor
I support farmers, 67 died on Delhi boarder and CM going to another village to do talk . Not acceptable, farmers did the right thing.
And he have issues with Modiji.
As a farmer by choice iam very disappointed with repeal of laws and it is sad day for us. Farmers are just pawns in hands of politicians. In the name of protests foreign funds,organisations have forced upon centre with the help of local leaders. #BlackDayForFarmers
Why BBC is not in favour of farmers livelihood...?
Oppose all bills, BJP making India weak.
Mr. Prime Minister, we are disipointed on your decission to repeal the farm laws. 
Farmers needs to be more cooperative with present society needs and they should produce more other crops to meet countries needs. Not unwanted wheat and paddy and demanding MSP price, free electricity, water which are coming from taxpayers money. 
Why they are not fulfill farmers demand the BJP cross  every limit yr pls be safe and wear mask ,this is not right time pls be safe
Goverment is not removing APMC, the Farmers can still go to the mandis
Look to be honest there were some flaws   in the farm laws and instead of repelling it fully there could have been some modifications
The thing is that this not fault of govt or farmers . It is fault of a group of people who disguise them as framers , Some farmer politicans and some pseudo liberals who still support voilence . I am warning my farmer frnds who are at protest please indetify those ppl who are priming you for voilence .
the farmers of punjab and haryana are wealthy because their crops are brought by fci, while in other states crops go from farmer to many middle men and then to consumer. if fci starts to buy from other states than punjab then punjab also goes through same system of farm to mandi to arhtiya to wholesaler to retailer and then finally to consumer.
@5:40 The aartiya middlemen might be good people in Punjab, where farmers have substantial awareness, unity and financial stability (86% farmers in India hold land below 1 Hectare, but avg land held by per farmer in Punjab is 3.62 Hectares!) Its difficult to exploit them. BUT that's not the case in other states. Where poor farmers farmers having less than 1 Hectare often get exploited by middlemen.
All this done for elections only but what ever be the reasons but KISSAN won the battle . #kissanmazdoorektazindabad
Maam what's the difference b/w minimum selling price and minimum support price?
Everything is correct except it is not mandatory for farmers to deal with corporates, they always have option to continue the old process
The security of India was favored and poor farmers lost. The middleman of the farming industry won.
I love my farmers, I love my country, my govt is corrupt.... #No farmers no food no India......
I support Farmers.. They are completely right..
Shah should go back to Iran.Modi should join a college and persue his graduation.lets educated farmers rule India.
I support farmers but now I realised they are not farmers
Stand with the farmers
Like you all I too have been a strong supporter of the farm laws. ... Now that they have been withdrawn am disappointed... But then I think perhaps there's a reason that we don't see... That's my position
Salute to you our real patriots i mean our beloved farmers if our greedy politicians truly follow you they transform themselves into real patriots and our beloved nation transform into sone ki chidia i again salute you my dear brother and sisters may god bless you and your family
Very well explained the government should leave optional to enter into a agreement this way farmer can choose his land he can fix the price
Minimum support price should be made mandatory for every profession. Exploitation exists in every field that is corruption is universal since greed is inbuilt part of human psyche.
Govt should have taken all farmers and their  organisations into confidence before bringing the ordinance ! Although I personally feel the farmers protest is politically motivated and has nothing to do with farmers interests...sad these protests will stall nations progress!
Beautiful coverage, i am farmer but i love my india i hope goverment and farmers reach a truce fast. Love from tamil nadu
Bro I just realised how delusioned I was. I was with farmers in their protests but now I can see what really was the deal. Seems like too much fake news was there around this topic. Glad I found this platform to get unbiased news
Great. Loss. Of. Farmers
All tukde tukde gang. Its not farmer protest but just political rally in the garb of farmer protest. Its shame on the Tikait and his gang. They stoop to any low just to target Modi or Yogi Ji. UP should kick out Mulayam, Akhilesh and all the dynasties. And embrace Yogi Ji!
Don't support violence...but it's been  more than 2 months of protest and 100s of innocent dead by now...still govt not come to media and talk face to face to farmers....are we don't care about this coz  Indian need some drama to talk on any issues
Do note the Indian flag was flying much higher behind the two Kissan and Sikh flags that were put up on that pole. I doubt the farmers really have any desecration of the nation on their mind as most of them were waving Indian flags proudly at the red fort alongside the Kissani and Sikh Flags, this is a case of an agitation which has slowly built up and up over the course of many months.
thanks bro for true reporting....thanks for helping farmers..
Modi jee exposing media .Compare same news debate on same channel from  last month to today's
Very well explained bro ,and this Will effect every Indian ,A big salute to our beloved farmers who are protesting for us
We're with farmers, they are right.
The way anti farmer bill suppoters protested in the same way supporters should also have ralies behind the government but farmers were attending  the portest in large numbers.If the supporters of kishan atleast organised rallies in their respective states so that govt knows that farmers are in favour of this bill and happy. Sir people like you and few other spokespersons can't give indication of how many farmers are in favours of this bill.Apart from this gang of forty (Chalis Chore) there are other Kishan leaders why not they organised kishan rally in support of this bill.I also know this bill was beneficial for farmers but in democracy you need the suport of people which should be expressed publishily .People likeme ,you,or other few commentators can't be the widespread sopport for the bill.That is why bill has to be taken back or have to order firing on protester that would have turnished the image of govt nationally also internationally as Modi is populer worldover.
Farmers backbone of India
Two eyes of india ,farmers and soldiers
thanks to those who support farmers.
AIMs very last statement was a strong humor, but that is a reality, the way Modi disappointed this time, IslamoChristianity is looking very possible, it doesnt need 25 years any more, it will be in next 3-5 years, Modi should have resigned instead of repealing Farm laws. I am taking depression pill now. Sad, so sad. I need to consult doctor
This is the first time you spoke about farm laws modiji. Desh sub dekh raha hai
Respect farmers of the world
Waiting for Tehrik I Taliban Pakistan to work on Imran Khan's speech regarding mental slavery.
Elections are coming ... a long Dark winter for bjp ..you know nothing Mo Mo....
Farmer's are more intelligent than the govt
ruthless fellows,they have forgotten that what ever they eat comes from our farmers,this is achee din,and gift for electing this fascist govt
Now young generation and entrepreneur will take up farming seriously , as shackles of crony politician and traders are broken between farmer and consumers.
Diesel and petrol are some of Most essential commodities and our pm who promised diesel at rs 35 is now charging rs 32 as tax alone... Which was rs 9 in manmohan Singh govt because half the consumption of diesel is by farmers that's why tax on diesel was very less whereas it was 18 rs on petrol ... Not it's almost same..... Nd same Modi promised that swaminathan report will be used for fixing MSP of crops and same govt filed an affidavit in supreme court that they can't enforce swaminathan report cause it will destroy the economy... pay of MPs and MLAs is increased about 200 times but no money fr farmers....This is a govt which can't be trusted... That's why farmers are asking for written laws not just promises
ye sab bicholiye he.. asli kisan to ham he jo bill ke sath the
Very unfortunate incident.... However people wanted to reach delhi airport on time faced issues due to ongoing agitation by the rich farmers if haryana and Punjab having ac, good food and all kind of entertainments... Is it possible without outside funding... May be lahimpur case is a part of bigger conspiracy.... We expect being a repisible news agency BBC will not follow outside influence and report indipendently
Seven states account for 87.5% of total suicides in the farming sector in the country. The states areMaharashtra, Karnataka, Telangana, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu . Both marginal farmers and small farmers are committing suicide. 
Those are terrorists and rioters nothing to do with farming.
Why problem is only for Punjab and Haryana farmers, why do they want the legacy system which is really not efficient....
First of all Tikaith should be ignored and no meadia should give importance to his talks .Heshould be charged with Anti national act as these people encourraged for hoisting  Khalistan flag on 26 Jan which was planned movement.
After a visit of USA the soul of biden came in Modiji
Not even a single statement in favor of farmers.
The FARMERS R OUR SOUL they give us LIFE n they're like GOD n we have to full support to them  ....
2)MSP is Min. Support Price On which Farmers R Ready To Sell their Products
All formers are Pakistanis siad by  rss and  modi bhaktas
Please Immediately Implement Mandal Commission Recamandation in World Olimpic Counsil  Honourable Priminster of India  Honourable President of India  Honourable Chief Minister s All State Government's of India  Ganesh Iyyer Manappari Trichy DistTamilnadu 
Shame indian media...
None of these people have really full knowledge of the matter. No reform in India is easy. This govt is flawed at many levels BUT these reforms are important. 10% prosperous farmers are holding up reforms which help the poorest 90% in other states. Pls research and read how the. Msp model is flawed and the tax payers money almost 1 lakh crore is being wasted. Farmers are the backbone but what's right is right. Reforms are important and should go through
Back ground music bohot achha tha... Godi media hai hai... 
Sun will rise from the north if godi media will criticise the govt...
It's your team who can tell such a complex issue covering both positives and negatives of society, farmers, government, opposition, pillows, twitter expert panel etc so easily in 8-24 mins.
Why they repealed, because of election results.
Majority of the peoples who are protesting are business man and well settled in India and  abroad and their fields are manage by contract  labourers,these so called farmers itself are not interested in a resolution as anti Indian forces are behind them.
Farmers  ko yhi krna hota to ye phle he nhi kr diye hote . Kyou he itne din se peacefully protest krte.  Ye sb politics hai. Unko tractor rally ki permission dekar gair kisan utar kr.,apni image ac hi aur kisano ki buri  bnana chahte hai.
Congress using punjabi s very well bcz election in April..like kejrivala did in Delhi election..punjabis better to add state with Pakistan...
Farmer is one who feeds the nation (annadata )
Election is also reason for repeal.
I am not a bjp dalal for your kind information.. I don't support any political party.. but those bills which are in favour of normal people I support them..
T - 6 months - going by bjp's latest hijacked lineage, a riot 6 months ahead of elections is expected. Usually it would be against "transporting beef" or keeping 200 gms of mutton in fridge or a hindu girl marrying a non hindu man etc. This time they got an easier enemy - the farmer. Its a little late this time, usually this would be done in September. Anyway i am happy that bjp didnt break its legacy and hige expectations of people like me. Welcome to the new world created by social media, fired by human's oldest virtue - gossiping and rumour mongering. Be it, somebody wearing mask or somebody eating beef or somebody marrying somebody - the mad crowd can easily generate an interest in that matter and that can be controlled by dubious politicians who appeared to have dedicated their entire life for "bharat mata"!!!
*"Why are farmers protesting ?"*
We dont allow BJP to enter our village. No vote to Modi, Yogi, BJP never. Kisan Jindabad. .
Its kind of good decision. Now farmers will understand what they missed. Modi did it for them but if farmers  still  want to remain poor and on the mercy of middle man then god should save them.
Will you explain why only Punjab Haryana UP farmers protested?? Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Kerala, West Bengal governments are complete anti-Modi, why have they not protested??? Because of old farm laws, every year nearly 10-15k farmers are dying.. Why did Sharad Pawar (at that time agricultural minister) propose this bill in 2013??
Ironically, all these Cops are some how, the Sons & Grand Sons of 'Farmers'.
Bro thank you so much for playing your role and telling people 90% farmers were peaceful
A hisak nahi hai kisi police ki Jaan nahi gayi it's fair iam with farmers
Big big respect for all our farmers. Thanks for this video
farmers end). And at the same time, if mandi agents can be corporatized, or
If administration was knowing that farmer is on strike , why they didn't appoint any police team for controlling....
Thanks Anjum ji. Your fan from Australia ; comes from a farming family in India 
We always support farmers  
Modi ji agar apne chote kishano ke khate me sidha 1 lakh 62 corere rupey dale hain toh apke hisab se chote kisan 10 crore se jyda hai hain na chalo 15 corore man lete hain 16200000000000150000000 =1080000 rupey per chota kishan .muje toh nahi mile mere pas 1 acre zameen hy toh me chota kishan nhi hu kya 
Now RSS wants to take credit of farmers' protest.
We support as a indian
Modi media is Crying 
Tikat cheated farmers. One year sitting under sun and still no MSP.
They walk through dream world. That's why indans treat farmers like #&$+@.. and street dogs.....
Why should only indian farmers have all the fun!!!
See I am An Indian. I Can say what's wrong with the farm laws.
Thank you Vice News for showing the reality about what is really happening in Delhi. Kissan Mazdoor Ekta Zindabad
This videos missed out on telling agriculture percentage also declined because other industries boomed which were not there after independence. These laws are already adopted by developed countries and was presented by opposition themselves during their governance. And that form nation wide farmers, only a region of them are protesting.
Only heartless people won't get effected.... Oh my God  , it's a great pain !!! I completely support the farmers 
No farmers no food.  Thank you so much sir.. 
You are closer to Arnab Goswami than anything else. Strongest pillars of godi media.
Poor mothers and sisters also the ones who feed us also on the road in the cold shame on the government stay strong indias farmers   
Does India have a threat from Taliban?
One of media persons said "woh (police) aapke samne hath jod rahe hai"... This shows media is against the farmers..  Godi Media
Give respect rakesh tikait baldy news anchor
Thank you Trevor for speaking up about this serious issue while Indian paid media and news channel has completely failed. Lots of love and respect.
They are protesting for there rights for more than two months and these rss terrorist regime is not listening so definitely it,s happen,  kerp it up farmers
Farmers will protest and ready to die because it is said to die once in honour is more worthy than die daily out of fearmustbe clear to MO-SH rulers because BJP was on Ventilator in ICU since 2014 when seniors were packed in decadent Mandal.
In India Physically Handicapped pay Income Tax whereas even Super Rich Farmers do not.------
This bill is anti farmer. Doesn't matter wht PM says
3:19 : what do you mean by "Sikh Swatantrata"????? Whom do they want freedom from??? They are our brothers and we are no letting them go anyhow or anyway. Some khalistani people may try to divide them but we all know that they are more mature than those Khalistani fools. So dear BBC, stop your soft propaganda. Our Sikh Brothers are not going anywhere and they are not being involved in any activity which may portray them as dissent from the India. We are family and it dissent happens in a family. But one thing is for sure that we are not letting them go. They are My people, they are our people. And BBC it is also a possibility that some foreign forces have created those accounts to create faction between Hindus and Sikhs. We have not forgot what Our Gurus did for us and we wont be able to repay even 1%. We are not letting go the lineage of our Gurus. Waheguru. Sat Sri Akaal. Jai Shri Ram. Har Har Mhadev.
Modi BJP will sale all root and institution on one men BJP sponsorship.
Long live the farmer
I believe Ground work all set by farmers and farm leaders, rural vote slipping from BJP big trouble for BJP,  not working anything for BJP big issues like unemployed, inflation will cost BJP badly, BJP leaders are not able to enter villages, they are facing protest and are insulted by the villagers, a lots of video are in circulation in Social media.
I think they are not real farmers they are middlemen thats why their bussinesses are finished after this law so thats why they are protesting real farmers are getting benefit of this law by that law they can sell their goods directly in market
Let's say that if each farmers were paid 10000 rupees per month and there are an average 10000 farmers are in protest from one year then then the payee will have to pay 10cr. Per month and 120cr. Per year which is possible . please clear my doubt.
We care about all section of India, regardless religious, cast wise....if farmers don't want any reforms ....let them enjoy ordinary old systems.....but don't blame modi ..... unfortunately a major huge section of farmers Deprived from these reforms.... farmers could sit together govt, can ask necessary amendment suggestions instead trying To bow down Modi....
3. Why farmers cant go to court in case of dispute as per new laws.
This is the biggest protest the world has ever seen, but Indian media won't show it..
I don't know who told them about Bihar but most of farmers in Bihar have land as small as 1800 sq meter ie 1 katha or 100 to 200 gaj.This land was fit for making house not farming.The largest size of land anybody holds in Bihar is close to 10 bigha .And anyone who owns 10 Bigha is a rich landlord who will have multiple business.
Real Picture not show protest for farmer problem channel
Even Maun Mohan Singh could have done this. Repealing farm laws is a black patch on the image of strong leadership. 
Prime. Time se achha programme sare. India me koi nai salute tu sir ravish kumar nd ndtv nd ravish sir is real hero of Indian journalism
Farmers are the worthy sons of Idia, their grievance is a worth to be consider
In India 75% are agriculturists then WHY this Govt. is not understanding the problems of  farmers?
Zee news news walo jis din bjp wale gunde thode putra nu marnge  thonu udo pta lagega
Stand saport to farmers   we can't live without farmers 
How come the committee MISSED HUMANITY ASPECT Poorest of the Poorest Farmer...The Apex court must dwell into this ,Normally HON PM MODI JI decision for the FAUZI and  Farmers is Spot on, let us wait for further update..Jai Hind  Jai Sri Ram
I got many answers regarding Farmer Protest from video , Sir...
Terrorist always support Terrorism.
The main purpose of these amendments is that farmers have to produce more and more and earn more and more. If the domestic supply increases, then Govt will open the export gates allowing the export of excess production of that particular commodity.
He should pay compensation to the dependence of the families of 700 farmers who died for not taking the decision at the right time.
salute bro, thanks alot to give correct information about farmer protests and showing the truth about dirty politics of bjp
Watching farmer rally....this Republic Day watch the tractor rally...
Only Punjab's farmers don't represent farmers of whole India. Farmers from states other than punjab are welcoming farm bills(various videos are there for proof) & even some set of farmers from punjab are  proponents of the bill. Moreover there are people in protest who are actually middleman but disguising to be a farmer.
win for farmers
Nice lecture sir.........from this I predict that MSP is not useful for small farmer so better it has to closed down or rationalized to small farmers only......
2) US, IMF and now UK have either supported farm laws or have said its Indias issue. Neutral intellectuals have also supported farm laws openly. 
You need to put english subtitles so that it can be shared globally, as no Indian farmer protest has magically become a global issue overnight!
Last election results effect and upcoming elections prediction effect .... thank you voters and farmers without you India  nowhere..!!!!
WeStandWithFarmersProtest
MSP is clearly mention in Swaminathan Report and there is no step taken by govt to double income of farmer by 2022 on ground level .
Congratulations farmers 
1.  visit a few farmers both small land owners ( who are in majority) and rich ones too . 
Sri.Annamalai ( bjp) & Edappadi  were very articulate in explaining the benefits of farm laws.  It is not for lack of communication that Annamalai & Sri.Sreedharan ( Kerala) lost in their respective constituencies. The jihadis KNOW they can get whatever they want with their ''sudden jihad syndrome'' , bombs , swords , pelting of boulders & stones . They are not looking for good credentials & virtues. All dhimmis of India should read Winston Churchill's write up on appeasers. Gorement is most reluctant to eliminate enemies WITHIN- jihadis , evangelical mafia , naxals ...but twirls its moustache at China. 
It is not okay for any Human Being to hear that 10K lives are lost to suicide, just from Farmers alone in India!.... That doesn't just break my heart, it pisses me off!...  Something has to been done because this cannot continue to happen!..... 
Loss to the real farmers
Shame on BJP Modi
many people listen very carefully and have believe in u.. so why don't u make video on the topic that DO YOU SUPPORT FARMERS BILL OR NOT..
Ravish Kumar the real reporter of india
Please make a video visiting and taking concerns from local farmers from different states, it's easy to demould something and present it in form of videos on youtube. 
Those people protesting for Kisan laws actually were not kisan but they were sellers . They buy crops from UP Bihar and other state farmer in cheap rate and sell them at high price. They were protesting because they won't able to loot anymore. Farmers of UP Bihar WB and other states of country are very poor and they needed the Kisan laws but those sellers of Punjab didn't want this law to pass otherwise they won't able to loot poor farmers anymore.
The govt., rather than repealing, should have made amendments to the farm bills. The appealing authority would have been brought under the ambit of judiciary (I think that is the only weakness of these bills). Rest, the bills were in favour of farmers.
First you want change cause farmers are dying by 100's of thousands. You get that change and you hate it?
USA have done so in defeating Isis. Have local ground forces aided by air strikes. As a matter of fact, that was how Taliban was defeated 20 years ago. Except this time, we can accept Russian and Iranian, Indian help.
BEST C.M AFTER YOGI JI.
thanks for repeal farmer laws our many farmer are martyr for farmer laws jai hind happy guru nanak jyanti
Godi media shame on you
Good reply of Rakesh Tiket ji. Kisan unity Zindabad
I Support farmers. you all know how much we can trust a government either Congress or BJP
If Modi n Shah think they can use this violence as an excuse to crush the farmers protests by using their old tactics then they again will be doing a grave mistake. They should give what farmers have been requesting.
Kisano ko ab andolan smaamth kar deyna chahiye. Trust on PM Modi, he will lead the nation to high.
No farmers No food
Respect to all the farmers who have worked hard to get their rights back in this modern era 
The bill I'd bad for the farmers in the long run but good for multi nationals and these dirty shame less politicians
What a guy so mature and present of mind outstanding. He is really genius and educated child and also farmer
Great video Arfa mam. You are doing great. We all support your work. I support farmers.
BUT AT LAST I SUPPORT FARMERS.. 
Support with farmar
Support Indian people
Ebook for farmers....
I'm not sure if privatisation is the best alternative especially when the chance for exploitation of farmers by big private players are high. 
Shame on Indian Politicians,long live farmers.Such a dirty level of politics.
 and rest of indian country farmers  are happy that they can sell 
#NoFarmersNoFood
Honourable PM Modhi gee should with draw these farm bills as these are not in favour of farmers neither for general people in long runs. Prices will be very high when products will go to corporate sectors.
Im not anti-farmers as a Punjabi my self. But I would never tolerate anyone insulting my mother land. You have all shamed our motherland infront of the world. I LOVE MY COUNTRY JAI HIND 
you have to subsidize farmers somehow. usa do it, japan do it, eu do it, china do it. orelse the whole society will suffer.
article 370 kanun bhi wapas hua tha - modi government ne . aur modi govt ne 20 old laws repeal kiya eg - motors act etc . misinformation mat felao .
4:07 i think the farmer gets the price benifit when the pruce goes high when market price goes hight on the harvest time they have to pay the market price to the farmer not the contract price. If the market price goes down then the byer has to give the contract price
HER HER MAHADEV YOGIJI JINDABAD
After viewing this all supporters of BJP and RSS should strongly write to PMO to Re -
There should be voting of all farmers on new farmers bills before repealing them
It's a victory for the Indian people
It seems godi media has become shameless nowadays.
Farmers=God
They say bills are in favor of farmers. ....
MSP should be legal but I think MRP as well. If not farmers, they can exploit consumers
As per the Agriculture Census of 2015-2016, 86% of farmers are small and marginal (less than 2 hectares). How much bargaining power will they have in a free market? How will they go and find a market for their produce? Also how will they decide what is the correct price and that they are not being cheated? Are these small and marginal farmers going to receive any training? The concern the farmers have is how will they be connected to the free market. Although they have the option of APMC. But wouldn't the big corporates use their powers to ultimately make the APMCs unsustainable in the long run? That would make MSP redundant. All these are valid concerns that should be taken into account. How can a law be passed without consulting the stakeholders/beneficiaries for whom it is being made? The RSS affiliates like Swadeshi Jagran Manch and Bharatiya Kisan Sangh are also opposing it. Are they also being manipulated by the opposition parties? Shekhar Gupta ji, you have not analyzed the issue properly. Sorry, did not expect this from a senior journalist like yourself.
Best explanation heard about the bills. Hope this has enlightened people  and give clarity on the protesting. They need to be heard and laws ammended in the interests of all not just the farming community. Kissan ekta jindabad
these all are khalistani not farmers
Why mislead people over farmer bill . he himself confuse on farmer bill
Stand with farmers 
Punjab government has given a report saying farmer protests can't be covid hotspots and they can continue with out following any guide lines...atleast prioritise and give them vaccine captain singh
Modi already said bill is not forced it's Choice,it's set back for kissan and Victory of middle men of Punjab.Time will speak.
agricultural land in Punjab who have not set foot in India for years , 
The world will not deal with a terrorist government. You need the rest of the world to trade with. You need foreign investment into the country. These companies will not come in to employ your people that you can taxes, bring in money to support a government, build infrastructure, and establish social programs. China might deal with Afghanistan with debt trap loans, they bring over their own workers, and want to establish military bases in these countries to protect their investments. Lets see the Afghans go for a foreign non Muslim military in the country.
More than 600+ farmers died in protest. They face too much cold winters and hot summer on roads. And now they facing rain also.
The argument here is that the farmers, if they deal with Privys, can be exploited and duped. But remember, it all depends on the farmer himself.
There was a slogan by PM:  Vocal for Local, today when our Farmers have become Vocal, government wants to suppress them.
Oh modi, please stop playing. You have bood of all those innocent farmers on your hands. I wonder how you get sleep at night
Don't call these traitors as farmers.
In last three years (maybe more) i have seen many cold storage setups were being built by the contractors who were building the roads. Now i realized why road construction stopped but the cold storage construction kept on going. The existing APMC is such that during raining season the storage gets spoiled because of poor or provision of secured storage. Instead of developing this, govt saw "apada me avsar" and gave license to private industries. Now Govt is thinking if they pull back the black law then what will happen to these big investments throughout the country? and we the people, instead of gathering like sikh farmers at singu border, what else we should do with the new cold storage setups/private APMC's? Answer lies in anger... yes, yes, we can bring the change...
Hindu and Sikhs jat won but farmers lost
Considering the merits and demerits, merits are great considering the farmers, i think it will be a great move
These are not protestors, these are vandals. Its really interesting that only the rich farmers of Punjab have a problem with the new laws. Clearly they want to continue to monopolize the agricultural industry of India, and policies to benefit farmers across all states of India is unacceptable to them.
Yeh Rakesh tikait sirf gol gol ghuma ta hai....he is totally confused.... not at all clear about anything....
I support these two agriculture bill. 
STILL MODI WILL WIN IN UP ELECTION
I support the farm laws.
Two chears for Democracy and Farmers.
Now opposition's identity is to detailed the population about these Farmers Law
I Always Love Trevor  Noah gets views by talking about countries he knows not much about. and Indians supporting him because he is a comedian.( he must know everything).
56 inches lost, farmers won.
In Maharashtra farmers are happy with law. In Punjab farmers are protesting.
In past when india  be used to democratic , any protest against govt policy was never sidelined as anti india protest .in 2014 everything changed when modi came to power.
This was not a farmer protest from the beginning,,,,
Ravish Ji you show the good prime show we proud for your work godi media destroy the democracy but you try live democracy this is tamtacha on bjp and godi media
The guy in green turban is correct....We r with our farmer's....Jai Jawan Jai kissan
Agriculture bill will crush farmer.
I don't know why Muslims hate to wards modi ji , and loving owisi , this is the best example ,musilm where ever they livid their priyaority is only Islam not country.once a wise man said Hindus Muslims living side by side is not possible I'm worrying about india face in future another partioned , if it's happened every muslim sent to their new country then new india will be peacefull. Let's future decide what's happening
Ordinary people don't know these details and are easily mislead by emotional exploitation by ultra slogans of those who are using farmers as a tool for political goals.
Shame on Modi and. Bjp
But vide a judgement dtd. 06-03-2020 of Hon'ble Supreme Court 5 judges bench , the said land act 2013 is again silently converted into land act 1894 , now the land act 2013 is also likewise to the black English land act 1894 , totally against the farmers , jamindars and other land owners , But Strange no one is talking about this , sab chup hai
The government had failed to discuss these laws with stakeholders to start with. Now the big farmers and middlemen have won. A regressive outcome.
Yes as aways BJP paid carryon madam no one intrested in ur fake support.
If you have been feed today  Pls Support farmers
Don't worry we trust Modiji. Only anti social elements not agreeing
I come from an  India with highest rate of Farmer suicides.
These goons can't be farmers
sir u did not talk about 2 year contract in which u can not go to court if there is a problem between farmer and company
India can only send resources to help Afghanistan,  they know if they send Army they all will die.  Thats the taliban power. Then all will say Lund Hind
138 Crore, people of Indians are eating daily food because of farmer day& night effort and hardship. Should the PM and CM's sensible to that? No concerns by Government so far
Mr. Imran Khan is honest man, he truly deserves to be prime minister of Pakistan.  He is right about Taliban.
wtf does he mean by punjab farmers? they are farmers from every part of the country, godi media stop stereotyping.
What goes around, comes around. Pakistan is being rewarded for supporting the Taliban! It is no longer the US but the Taliban that they have to deal with!
Its was delhi police who led the tractor march to delhi fort knowingly beacause . The police wants to make bad impression of farmers on people . And godi media is doing good
Bjp governmnt should solve the problems of farmers..  modi where r u ascaping.
Look who is talking about Farmers' welfare. And, BTW, Real farmers are working in the fields.
4. If a farmer breaches the contract, he/she is only lible to pay the contractor what the contractor has already spent (.e.g. money for seeds, fertilizer etc). But if the contractor breaches the contract, then he/she is liable to pay 1.5x the guaranteed amount decided in the contract. This shows that the farmers are heavily favoured in the contract. 
And no one needs to understand #farmbill, if farmers say NO , it should be and it should remain as NO
Mandi fees farmers nhi traders bharte h
Is it right to say that it is only the protest of farmers?  Are they fighting only for them?  Democracy always respected as it is for the people.
Farmers are on right path and they are united.
Words he said is 100% true all though i'm neither supporter of Pakistan nor Taliban. India should also learn this thing of copying West in every thing is slave mindset it doesn't help to grow.
Bihar me already implemented hai these reforms toh kitne ameer kr diye apne vo bihar k farmers
"The farmer is the only man in our economy who buys everything at retail, sells everything at wholesale, and pays the freight both ways." - John F. Kennedy
Dont let BILL GATES get his way with Indian farming in the future
JAI JAWAN JAI KISAN!! On the bday of our father of nation & Lal Bahadur Shastri our second PM, who gave the above SLOGAN , this FASCIST BJP govt has manhandled the FARMERS. Any govt which lays its hands on the FARMERS  WILL NOT COME BACK  TO POWER!!!!!!
Farmers will not forget
very well explained. i was searching for this. Thank you.  means modi ji is correct.
Big victory of my dear farmers and family, jai jawan jai kisan jai hind 
Tribute to those farmers who lost their lives
There was no Indian flag put down. This is not a Khalistan Flag this is the Nishan Sahib flag
Ye bilkul sahi hai ki contract farming se pvt companies pehle jo price bolti hai wo bad ma nahi deti hai
If these laws were so gud then why msp guarantee bill not passed and also farmers land can never be taken by private contractors.But very gud article by print
Just a another joke from modi what can you expect from bjp, rss & abvp
Sandeep ji thank you for covering farmer protest you are gaining our knowledge about farmer issues
Then Why are not going to talk with protesting farmers?
These are not farmers  but Gane  of anti national
All freebies , subsidies , tax exemptions meant for the small /marginal farmers are usurped by the Rich / Super Rich farmers. NRI owners of agricultural land in Punjab who have not set foot in India for years , bribe Patwaris and show themselves as ' Khud Kasht '- i.e. Actual Tillers , in the Revenue Records . Such NRIs and others then take free electricity etc benefits
I am a common man. But I support you always. You are our " annadata". Without you we can never survive. Jai kisan.
Its a sad day for Hindustan. I gave Modiji more credit than this the repealing of these Agricultural laws - you have sold the poor Kishans down the stream, fired the atankwadis to create more chaos - one doesn't negotiate with terrorists.
Indian farmers and workers held the biggest industrial action in human history with over 250 million people out on strike. wow
Thanks, Putin for Support To Taliban.
Thanks you for your information  apake information se hame aj tino kisan bill malum ho gaya
BJP is a party that protects the interests of the upper castes. As Biniyas are upper caste who are not allowing BJP to pass a law of MSP. The sizable number of upper castes are not farmers and live in cities.
Used to like your news Arnab but disappointed that you're supporting Modi on this. I always thought you were pro-India but YOU ARE NOT!!!!
We stand with farmers .
Not happy at all. It was for real farmers but protester are not farmers, they are political motivated ,middle man .
Congratulations for the victory, Kisan Ekta Zindabad.
What a reporting, man! Salute to these farmers, their spirit and courage.
Those people protesting for Kisan laws actually were *not kisan* but they were *sellers* . They buy crops from UP Bihar and other state farmer in *cheap rate* and sell them at high price. They were protesting because they won't able to loot anymore. Farmers of UP Bihar WB and other states of country are very poor and *they needed the Kisan laws* but those sellers of Punjab didn't want this law to pass otherwise they won't able to loot poor farmers anymore.
That's total trickery from Modi. How are small farmers to deal with big multinational companies ..
Modi's motive and intentions will destroy the livelihoods of the common man.India rise up,overthrow this government!!
These farmers protests have been more political than about farmers fighting for their rights.
Shame  on godi media , represent the people not the bjp goons .
P Sainath | Farmers Protests | "Death by Committee" | Supreme Court Expert Panel  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-qCwqkFiB0
Excellent analysis. I worked on a similar subject for another country in EU. When I integrate the new Indian laws in my model, I can say with confidence that the farmers gain 11% more within 5 years. The problems are: Indian farmers do not trust the government; the laws are poorly drafted.; not sufficiently discussed in parliament; farmers, the real stakeholders were not involved in the drafting. But, the way in which the union government handle the protests is poor and inhuman.
Actually me Ye police bhi involve hai is Dange me, Ye wahi police hai jo Hathras Case me Poore Village ko cover karke rahki thi, yeha takke Reporter bhi allowed nahi the ander jane kelie, or Poora delhi Border Jam kiya tha isi Police ne taki Politicians Hathras na ja paen, or aaj yehi police allow karit hai Farmer ko Lal kila me jane ko, taki Current Govt ke kuch Gunde bhi ghus sake or, Aatank kar sake, or Farmer Badnaam ho, The Gang Plane ...
And godi media is still focusing on SSR case. rip democracy
Farmers can use commodities market to hedge the risk by entering into future&options contracts!
please change the name of Zee news of BJP news
Haryana people are with Punjab
142/180 this is Ranking of indian Media so,  less say is better..
Currently, there is a flaw in our economic theory - monetary value is based on products & services, whereas functional #ecosystems (the SOURCE), have none. These unproductive farmers just like sitting in the middle of the road and do nothing and just criticize someone who's trying to bring the change, we just cannot continue using urea to increase the yield of crops, bees are dying, water resources are overused, no electricity for the general population  (free to farmers) and so many dysfunctional advantages to these slow-witted farmers, my dad started organic farming and increased his income 4 times. We just need to go back to the old ways of farming. Also, @bbc you guys love flying drones over dead bodies and other people's miseries ..shame on BBC!
Government back this bill. I support to farmers
Thanks Ajit Anjum Ji for the real news and fresh information for the Indian and farmers Jai Jawan Jai Kisan Kisan Ekta JINDABAD BJP Muradabad
Pm modi , never ever once called out the media channels for displaying wrong sentiments about farmers . Never once he criticised and told media channels to be cautious of their language towards farmers. 
Now I want to ask the supporters of the bill that on what basis are you supporting it? Now you will say that everything that Dhruv says can't be true but to that Dhruv showed proves! Then how can you regret it?
Farmers struggle definitely triumphs. Fascist rulers will be defeated.
So if once the company started exploitation then the farmers can switch to mandis again. Mandis are government run so they won't be vanish, they will still there
Shameful in democratic india  nice coverage by media
No one must patronize such reckless perperators irrespect of political parties, caste, creed or colour coz India is not North Korea.Jai Jawan Jai Kishan.
Very nice Rakesh Tikait.
HAHAHAHA GEO FARMERS  Love you from Pakistan 
Salute to student and farmers
Actual video is of 45 sec and it's clearly visible that the cheep hitting farmer has a broken windscreen on driver side that means visibility was zero ans the people who attacked the jeep came into seen after 28th second fully armed with rods and swords. It was pre planed and now court enquiry will bring the truth. Watch the video again and again and to ican clearly see the smashed windscreen of the jeep hitting the farmer ...who attacked this jeep
We all know..uts no more farmer protest..it started with good cause but already taken over by external entities..leta face the truth
This is not only the issue of farmers but to all those who eat
 1) Even though the corporates can have contracts with farmers but at the same time, farmers have the choice to either sell it to the company or to market as per their profitability. 
"Farmers are well educated i would rather say much than our agriculture minister narendra tomar"
But it is well known fact that this bill was supportive for small farmer and was loss for rich farmers
I am Farmer & I support my Brotherhood (Farmers)
Pura India sold by Indian salesman company BJP party  Save our  India and Save our Punjab 
These farm laws were dangerous for farmers and they were in favour of corporates. As Indian govt. Run according to corporates only
Congratulations Farmers in India ,,
Centre is not at all responsible  for the deaths of farmers during this dirty andolan
Great video! From a reporting perspective, I think it's also important to mention that the IMF and a lot of economic scholars and farmers from other states are supporting the laws. While I support the open protests and right to dissent, I don't support stubble burning which is a major cause of environmental pollution in neighboring states, and believe that needs to be addressed by the government and the farmers together. I hope the farmers and the government arrive to a conclusion with a balanced policy soon.
Proud son of a farmer
90 percent of protesters are not actually farmers they r the brokers whose income will be put to ground and they  r the once who exploit farmers the most like the rate per kg in mumbai for tomatoes is 54 but farmers get just 3 rs per kg. Can u imagine after modijis law all farmers can directly sell thier products at cost thats reasonable for them as well as us this guy is providing just half information.
Its called Nissan sahib  flag they only put their so people know they were there and you can see the big Indian flag wasnt touched. Farmer are not terrorist they only want their freedom back.
Stand with farmers. They bring food on our tables and also all over world. Stop the violence. Love from Nepal 
Indian media: I pretend I didn't see that.
2. If any dispute between farmers and corporate people. Court doors are shut for farmers they cant go to any court . They can only go to sdm or maximum to dc . Now you tell me  is a sdm or dc in range of a small farmers in india?
Where is humanity??? Is this our government.. thanks to this channel otherwise godi media to ye sab nai dikhayegi.
Modi 2.0 = East India Company 2.0
Priyanka ji no doubt a good politician, Thanks a ton Priyanka ji for raising your voice for justice, Shame on BJP how they represent their government. BJP would lose the election this time, Yogi government delayed justice multiple times. These incidents raise the anger  and frustration among public.
Finally protest ends and now the real farmers make a move for this 3 amendment laws
Center agencies should investigate ulterior motives of Rakesh Tikait, how does he have properties worth crores. Sometimes, feels that people abuse democracy and Modi crumbled to pressure. There should be aggressive steps taken to put such people behind bar.
Not hundred lakhs of farmer
We are asking you present government what they. Did to farmers answer yours
All the farmers,soldiers students, labourers  & daily workers love you & may God blase you.
No farmers no food shame on Indian police Nd india government ani k sance ki food den walea nu izat diti jandia lathia ni jlaeaaa jandia
The bill was giving ammunition to Khalistani groups...if there was a corridor to open between India ..& Afghanistan ...it opens up vaulnerability if Punjab Govt....my view point!
Congrats to farmers and sikh brothers from kashmir 
but dhruv ;these city ppl do not understand our farmers problem;media plays a very dirty role
Plz Explain the Impact of Farmer's Policy on Indian business
Pakistan can get that helicopter for free because Taliban dont know how to ride and they may gift it to Pakistan
But its upto farmer, whom to sell... corporates outside apmc or in apmc. So why they are worried?  They have option, ball is in their court
Today's National Interest reminds me of Benjamin from Animal Farm. He pays great price at the end of the book and so shall we! 
The death/harassment of farmers & workers  due to protesting against Agro black laws and the behavior of NDA Rulers towards the people of its own country should also be condemned strongly by raising demand for dismissal of NDA SARKAR.
He said give 2 options about of 101 solutions. Salute this Farmer.
INDIAS VICTORY. MODI'S VICTORY.. AGITATORS ARE IN SHOCK AND SURPRISED AND CONFISED.. HOPE BBC WILL DO THE FOLLOW UP OF THIS NEWS TO SHOW THE REACTION OF THE ACTUAL FARMERS IN THE COMING DAYS.
 When Modi was about 15 years old, India's had fought and won the second war with Pakistan in 1965.
You are killing farmers in Delhi and and other places indiscriminately,  there is no problems on that,  right????
There are many other problems not only associated with farmers but also with the common man..price inflation etc..
We are all Indians support farmer  save farmer  save India 
The event managers planned worse, but got fizzled out. Next time they will take up another emotional  issue... India is a nation of diversity where all hate the other by identity,  and theorwticians like Yadav claim that calling for unity is fascism. Media says talking about national interest as jingoism. Any attempt towards self reliance is labelled as 'protectionism'... taking care of citizen interest is labelled as anti- business, promoting competion is labelled as serving the rich... they have labels for all seasons...
Madam pls look at the condition of farmers in Bihar
War doesn't win by the weapon and number of soldiers, infact its win by those who have courage to fight. And  Taliban have that courage. They defeated mighty Soviets Union and Now USA for them its nothing to beat India and Free Kashmir very soon. Insha'Allah. TALIBAN=MUHAMMAD ALI
Kick.out.b.j.p.in.all.india.
Modi ji is leader thinking of winning election, not statesman think for national policy for good .
To go against the very farmers that created the civilization and feeds you, how low is it? 
When they have annual contract with farmers @ 2rs/kg ????
What can we do to stop these godi media?
But too late and at a price of 700 lives of innocent farmers!To overcome the examination fear (prof) Modi writes the book" exam wArriors"  but he's not able to convince the farmers!
Good points been asked by SC to the farmers, but why that's (judicial system) is too late..
Big salute to our farmers...
Jai Kisan. Even during british raaj, most indians were naukar or bhagts of British raaj, only few from Haryana Punjab faught against. Now during olympics or army, only children of farmers are winning. Most indians were sleeping in british raaj, only few fought!
Kisano ke aandolan ka doosra din...sham on Zee News... Atleast report right information...
Where are u ? I thought today you will upload the winning video of farmers , 19th Nov 2021 :(
Newslaundry is doing best job  to expose godi media.  Well done madam,  I m supporting you. Lage rho wash karne ko godi media ko 
 Even before Modi was born, India had prepared the world's best Constitution and started its implementation from January 26, 1950.
News 24 real media of india
Rakesh ji Dehli riots, UP riots, CAA, NRC, Minorities rights, Mob lynching ke ke baare me boliye phir chacha-bhatija kijiye. Hum aap ko support krenge.
the govt is not removing MSP at all and even the mandis are also at the disposal of the farmer,  its the opposition who proposed these three laws during their tenure, theres nothing a farmer is loosing ...here ..
This is so sad  today is our republic day ,we agree that you have problem with farm bill but atleast you can stop your protest on this day .
Don't show the face of Rakesh Dacoit. We are irritated at seeing his face.
Salute the farmers for their resolve to continue with the protest march
Thank you Sir ji for explaining everything this clear..I am student and i'm going to start farming soon so I was searching for govt. Acts or rules for farmers and I found a right channel to get the Information.. THANK YOU!  IT IS SO HELPFUL.
I support farmers .....from Canada
Great work & coverage reported by Ajit Anjum Sir throughout entire  Farmers protest.
TALKING COVID19, WHAT COMPENSATION GOVT GAVE TO THOSE WHO DIED OF COVID19. FIGHTING FOR LIFE BY THE FARMERS IS  EQUAL TO THAT OF FIGHTING AGAINST COVID19. NON VIOLENCE NOT RESPECTED BY OUR OWN COUNTRY PEOPLE.
For congress and other parties its celebration topic and using.as.much as possible to use farmers for politics
Bjp modiji is the best ! There is a reason for all that he does ! Sorry abhijit can only criticize others!!!! Modiji knows what to do ! They will bring back this bill with more power !
Salute to Anjum ji along with all farmers who participated in this protest.
What a bogus and poor analysis . Thats why Pakistan and their ISI is always two steps ahead of India  always
What a lecture sir..... Always with farmers.
Anyone with common sense can see that the current system needs change. The current system is propping up the Punjab argri sector and giving them over inflated returns which is obviously not fair to the rest of the farmers in India. I can empathise with Punjabi farmers as they are used to this preferential treatment, but deep down even they must know this can't go ahead for much longer as it's ultimately not promoting equality!
Just two minutes ago he himself told that MSP is a failure, and now he is saying that it is negative for farmers to not get the benefit of MSP
He is Indian farmer. Keep it up
Congratulations to all the farmers!!!
Lol I was 100% sure India was gonna intervene. Now India also pay the price. It's better and a good advice from an Afghan to the government of india to stay out of it.
Owasi is a good actor like Nana Pataker comedy wise  & his mouth is always full of Modi's criticism  & nothing else he doesn't know but the whole world knows that India means Modi & Modi means India
When Modi Arrange A Rally For Bihar election Then NO COVID 
What about recent farm bills sir , farmers are claiming they are meant to remove MSP ... What's the problem in farm bills...and sir they are claiming they are being pushed towards corporate sector.. which is not good for them
What the Indian Govt. does to stop flow of arms into Punjab?
IT WAS DECIDED TO GO RING ROAD, before 26 jan, but union leaders changed their decision without knowing anybody. then some farmers unknowingly thought their leaders are corrupted, and went on ring road. so we cant blame anybody. Blame goes straight to kisaan union leaders, who changed their decision at last moment. 
The farmers are protesting against system not against india
Why BCC taking insights from lady in India ?? What had to do with Afghanistan.? India has worse human rights situation under their current democracy, Christians and Muslims and minorities troubled by Modi RSS actions.
Here where I live dairy farmers are basically left without regulations, but instead of helping, this cause one big multinational corporation to have a virtual monopoly over the milk market.
Attacking and killing someone with your car is terrorism... Support the farmers
I m feeling shamefull that i supported this farmers
My opinion, Our PM of India Shri. Narendra Modiji  Got Great Leadership Quality to Nation. My view "God Man To Nation"  for Future.
Poor farmers : trying to run over police personal with tractors 
Now farmers can live happily, I need my money not to be wasted on them.
God how sick r these farmers and their protesting good god  Indians can u people  grow a patriotic spine
We're with farmers, students and neutral media.
Let me put it simply - farmers are justified in their protest. Protest is an inconvenience for now, but BAD policies will be a major inconvenience for all citizens. - understand !!
THE Sikhs For Justice campaign and the already started "Panjab Referendum" was the determining factor in Modi and India's U-turn. Kissan union leaders were ignored for one year when despite 13 meeting with non governmental representatives nothing was achieved. FACT.
Jai ho modi government for making farmers prosper and free from Agents slavery.. Jai Kisaan
vry proud of you my all farmer brothers. morch fateh good song veer g
It's shame on government and to politicians. How They eat every day from these farmers hardworking without solving ongoing protest. It's shame
You cannot stop tha farmers ,,, I'm proud of my country's farmers
I I'm proud of my farmars ji jaban ji kisan thanks to BBC news
Good desegion taken by PM & now don't think about farmers live on their own life and PM must think only about country security and there party growing in feature
Should get a noble peace prize for putting his life at risk to protect his fellow farmers
So you want something for the traders in mandi.. they should talk about this to govt. The farmers are not fighting. Only traders are fighting
Well done to the Indian Farmers!  Let your voices be heard!
Don't be fooled by the "poor farmer" look. They have 10 times more poppies than before all this. Which coincidentally sells for twice the price of surplus soviet plutonium
Police support bjp
The way they answer I bet they r just lack of any farmer related information and surely some known stuff of wire. GDP = farmer only 
Farmers win, Government losses
#IStandWithFarmers
this is no joke support kissan otherwise india the end
there are loopholes in this farm bill.
Not only MSP has to be accorded legal cover, MRP too has to be fixed in relation to MSP. Adani Ambani and Modi should not be allowed to profiteer freely. MRP should not be more than 20% of the MSP or price at which the middle men has bought agri produce from farmers.
And those anchors debators who were defending the farmers bills has no face now.  Faceless fellows.
I come from India where PM withdraws his three farm laws in view of upcoming elections. .....
Farmers are true citizens of India and true nationalist, RSS/ BJP is dalal party that divided want to do divide and rule. India stands with farmers. #GODImedia #kangna #itcell ka upayog kar ke sare sikhs ko khalistani keh diya jo farmers ke sath hain.
Reality on BBC, great job team. Otherwise most indian media is showing what BJP want to show.
Blocking a road is not a part of agitation. What is the fault of people who are suffering with this so called kisan andolan ? Kisan are supported but creating hurdles for normal public is not supported at all. And if law has taken its course nothing is wrong there
Pakistan was like Pakistan and Taliban are one... Seems like taliban took that personally
Modi ji bhut hi achche actor hai aur jhut bhi bhut confidence se bolte hai
Farmers who are protesting against this laws are not seeing the benefits they will be getting in the long run.... It looks like they want to be dependent on the middle men and govt. subsidies but the current bill allows them to free themselves and grow more....
Its Modi police against minorities of India.
Please bring more videos from farmer protest
This is slap to every Godi media and every privilege folk who talked shit about farmers
Farmers Victory
What would "you" brand Taliban in Afghanistan as? Would you support or not support? Curious, since you are also asking the same question!
country .."No Farmers No Food"
Police.dis a good job. They are not farmers whole world knows
SG talk about the required changes and shift from the wheat and paddy production which is agreeable. But these 3 bills that have been passed do not seem problematic from top but when you get to details it contain serious issues. When big corps come into play, they can easily create artificial demand or vice verca to reduce the price and with no MSP in place farmers can be easily exploited plus the gov also put in a rule that states farmers can not go court if any problems with contract or with the company, only one gov officer for every district will oversee.  The protests are reasonable. SG pointed out the obivious changes that are needed and they will be implemented but some details of these laws are going to cause severe misery to farmers. The decrease in growth rate GDP of punjab is mostly related to rooted corruption of government most of it caused by the akali dal and BJP coalition that was in punjab from the past 2 decades.
Corporate houses have invested heavily in Modi ji.They have paved his way from a Chai-wala to PM. He has enjoyed a luxurious life with costly clothes, best of food and a luxurious plane to travel around the world.  Now he is required to pay back his dues, by displacing farmers. Farmers will NEVER get legal guarantee to MSP until Modi  is displaced.
Those farm laws should have implemented but with a few changes that sector does need privatization farmers are getting no money
Modi withdraws farm laws, Godi media going ga-ga on how he is caring the national interest.. Then how about withdrawing fuel prices on "national interest"???? 
Ye isliye qki constitution esa h isiliye new krishi bil act Lagu hona chahiye....isse kisan ko apna man chah dam milega ....Punjab me depleting water table improve hogi....
Pakistan defeated another superpower this time with india as well. Good job ISI
Farm bill allows capitalism and end government regulation
It may not be Modiji's defeat, but it definitely is the defeat of all those who trusted him and voted for him. Do we mean nothing to him? Is political expediency all that matters? Did we or did we not vote for his more than 300 MPs because we expected them to know what they are doing? Then either they should not be passing laws that they don't think are worthwhile or they should not go back on them because a couple of lacs "farmers" stop all traffic for a whole year. Then why did the Delhi population suffer for so long? Are large roads only meant to be places where the opposition stops traffic and holds the entire public there to ransom? Is this what Modi is telling them? This is nonsense. If allowing himself to be blackmailed into backing out of perfectly good laws shows his 56 inch chest, then I'd much rather it is not advertised. He has proved himself to be another Vajpayee. Vajpayee gave in to the terrorists and Modi gives in to "farmers" from Canada. Very disappointing.
I salute this channel because they understand farmers
The Pain in Eyes Of Baba ji in White Turban...     Farmers The Real God Of India
Plz don't hate farmers of india. In Karnataka no one will do this kind of protest. Only punjabi  do this to show their power .
Food Corporation of India was established with the same intention which Modi is now propagating with this new farm bill. 
Modi Shah will find a way to ensure Ambani Adani and other cronies will earn at farmer's expense. All policy decisions lead to profits for Ambani and Adani
it will be the darkest day for Indian farmer and agriculture sector if these three law's are revoked....
love to the farmers from Canada
Three farm laws kishan ke liye deth vorate hai or deth vorate me sanshothan KY se ho sakata  ???????????????????????????nahi ho sakata. .
Well, thanks for destroying the hopes, ambitions and dreams of peace loving farmers of this country, farmers who didn't choose to riot, the farmers who were not funded by Khalistanis in UK and Canada.
Elections are coming. I am repealing the farm laws as per your demands. Please vote for me. Next they will cancel UT Ladakh and J&K and make J&K full state as before. Revoking article 370 is also unpopular in Kashmir.
Farmer leaders didn't seek Court's permission for agitating at Singhu and Ghazipur border.
Bills are good and pro farmers.
Bahut Hua Ab, Niklo border Se, Organised protests and farmer terrorist
I am so sad on how the government handled this protest frorm day one. They and their followers have been so insulting. While farmers have been so composed and down to earth. If I had to spend time with someone in reality I know who it will be. I have lost trust in the government....I used to provide them some benefit of doubt earlier but now no trust
Tab Tractor aur kisan note par tha
No farmer =No food 
You made an assumption that farmers are getting the fair price from the middlemen. Any data to back it up?
I frm the state of Kerala pledge my solidarity to the farmers who r protesting against Modi's fascist govt and its policies which is ruining my nation vi va la revolution
I'm a student of agriculture.. I need to mention a point here when u told govt can hire trainer to train farmers for practising unconventional agricultural process.. actually the system is already present.. lab to land.. where extension officer and worker apply those techniques in field level bt prblm is lack of officers and infrastructure.. also govt's callousness is responsible..
Arfa mam lots of love and respect to u always taking a stand against injustice . Plss plsss help the farmers to win in their protest
I support this SDM and anyone who cares for INDIA will support him
Congratulations to every single farmer
The farmers were provoked by BJP as they haven't taken any action against culprits.
Proud of our kisaans who wake up united   n showed true bloody face to shit media n government  country is with u my anndaata
God: Farmers do so from the produce of the fields.
Thank u so much for this informative topic about farm bill in easy to understand way After watching this I get more clarification regarding  this topic
Respect bro. Full support to the farmers.. And the beat is lit.
Even our media is fucked up. Putting pressure on farmers by making nonsense Alligaitons
Video me dekhe farmers ek banda ko data se, kuchal raha tha, kharab sir pe, sharir me kut kut kar mar diya, we need to teach these goons in the clothes of farmers a lesson. They are threat to public
BJP ke Acha din shuru ... Another war with the innocent people of India
U people completely changed the level of journalism    without forcing any agenda.... Just taking views of the farmers.
Long live the revolution...well done Indian farmers, you pushed backed those fascists.
Proud of  farmers....
Mr Chadda may now like to change his glasses after his comment that Farmers are loosing support....
3. Watch the documentary " Deja Vu " which is made on the plight of American farmers who  are the victims of same proposed acts .
Please just add one thing in your Bill that is MSP for the sake of farmers . Why you dont do this?
Why Millionaires and Billionaires are leaving India :)
If you can talk with farmers they will surely hear you
100 support to farmers....
Please make a video explaining what interests foreign powers had that led them to influence the citizens of India against the 3 Farm Laws. Thank you.
Pakistan should help us just like india helped bengladeshies in 1971. Come on Pakistan, this is your turn.
Take down the controversial farm laws, problem solved. I completely blame the govt for this. You make laws for the farmer & the farmer did not like, then, why still force the law??
Thank you for your video. Furthermore, these 3 Bills of Law will simply remove the 1 to 1 relationship farmers have with their buyers, create mass unemployment in already poor rural areas and furthermore leave the farmers to the mercy person to big corporations.  These new laws remove the courts, federal state and larger governments legal capacity to support farmers during contract disputes and moves this in to the hands of bureaucratic officers  so we should ask is corruption still an issue in India??? The current 'Mandi' and Arhtiyas system provides a number of other key services to farmers, they provide small low-rate loans, labour, network farmers together and provide assistance to farmers when they are struggling. It is also worth noting that farmers are small businesses and if you ask any business owner, cash flow is the heart of any successful business, as many unexpected costs can often arise. These laws will erode a current credit system and no private company will not replace this  and why should they? If farmers in one bad year; are at the mercy of corporations, have no access to credit and state intervention or legal recourse they will be forced to sell their land to respond to a short-term problem when they arise. Once they sell their land, they sell the only asset that they may own. In fact, in every western country it is well known a persons earnings only contribute to 25% of their lifetime wealth, whereas 75% wealth is attributed to what they own (asset value) and land is an asset that grows in price. This has happened repeatedly to farmers in times of recession when markets are manipulated by inflation and deflation of markets. Anyhow, today farmers in Europe have much more advanced Mandi and Arhtiyas type of system which is known as the cooperative farming - which provide these necessary support services that farmers need. Bihar farmers have already gone through something similar and lack an agriculture credit system  is crippling their farmers. Keep the current system its is something that India should be proud of and it should be expanded throughout Hindustan. Jai Hind!
Plz make video for protest against farm bill in punjab
Nice effort to decode farmbill 2020 by Mr.Pratik Gupta.
no clear opinions of farmer why aren't  they ready for amendments  why just repeal the bill
Small farmers' interests subdued by rich farmers for their own interests.
stop saying farmer to them . they are terrorist who did this . # Terrorism
Sir, aap b favour me the tractor rally ke, ab apka kya kehna. I have seen videos in which mob destroying public property and attacking police personnel.
Dynamic decision by Modiji govt for former
Secondly, if govt is allowing state govts to regulate private mandies then how will the make any difference to farmers, state govt are already controlling the APMCs and in your opinion they are not good for farmers
1. We have introduced these farm law for good of farmers
Has the government said that MSP will apply when corporate companies buy produce form the farmers?
Shame on what India has become from a great nation to a racist and hateful nation under Modi. It seem like India is goind down the Soviet union way - its breakup.
In all this conundrum, the confusing point is does farmers from Punjab, Haryana and Western UP represent the farmers of entire India. Why only farmers from this region were against the subjected law.
Sir jab kisan nhi chahta vo mordernise ho ,india ke logo ki dikaat ye he hai ki wo darte hai nae risk lene se bs wo kaam karwa lo jo asam hai or matter of fact is that us asaan kaam mai jyda mehanet hoti hai or income bhi low level ki likhn mushkil kaam mai comparetively mehanat hoti hai sirf short time ke liye ,
Arfa. Khanum ji. I congratulate you covering farmer agitation and showing true picture of farmers. You are fair journalist.
Bill galat hai eslie farmer ki sthite 70 sal se bahin pr he
To all those people who are trying to politicize this issue , be it the ruling party or the opposition please don't deviate from the real motive and stick to what we need to think about -the welfare of the farmers.
Really sir.. Very nicely explained... Ab mujhe samajh aaya why farmers are Protesting.
It is beneficial for consumers. Indian government has done nothing different. Every development country has such laws. Government should stop buying from Haryana and Punjab and force them to sell it too private companies or die out of loan burden.
Congratulations to all farmers 
India can be in serious danger. 2 front wars against Pakistan and China can occur anytime, northwest can be attacked by Bangladesh at any time, while Punjab (Khalistan) and parts of South India may ask to be separated at any time.
Govt thought removing middle man narrative would work,but it never resonated among the masses, instead the involvement of private sectors frightened the small farmers.
Support the farmers!Farmers feed the world!
Shame on Indian government to make conditions of farmers so bad that they have to protest in this time of Covid threat. 
This is a big move by BJP for upcoming elections.....
god with farmers bcx they are hardworking person
stay strong with farmers
Please also explain difference between MSP and MPS(Market Price Support).
The people who commits crime or who cheats people are allowed to wander, espace  but the people who protest peacefully for their right with valid reasons are targeted all time...everybody should think and thank the farmers before they eat...
1. Agitation by buyers, middlemen, APMC traders - But all of this is still going on, and we are looking forward to benefiting farmers.
Oscar performance by Modiji
Hope the farmers continue to fight
And they are not farmers 
(FARMERS ARE NOT TERRORIST)
Repeal t Bills indian govt
No Farmers No Food No Future. May almighty bless the farmers always. This is the most peaceful protest in the history, The government should repeal the laws. #Isupportfarmers
Expected from a tribal country. A repeal that will keep people poor forever!! Congratulations India!
Tikait needs to b put immediately in kabul to know more indepth first hand studies of taliban . What farmers protest something else going on under that head .
People who spreads hate should be punished. This guy has no right to desecrate Sikh book. This is Modis hate coming to give results. India will break and Modi is responsible.
Why India under is 800 year colonial rule because of our own people ,this farm law is the prime example
Farmers shouldnt go back untill Law is actually been repealed and implemented.
Just came here not to watch but just to write  godi media
Don't call them farmers,call them khalistani sikh n jats 
No farmers. No food.
We support farmers 
All Congress paid agents not farmers FARZI kisan andolan
U r the reason for the death of many farmers..... Delayed action. I hope at least now u understand people's strength.
In Punjab if a Physically Handicapped wishes to work from Home then he is charged electricity at Penal Rates euphemistically called ' Commercial Rate ' Physically Handicapped Punjabis also get Free electricity , may be .only for their work places / factories  . And Physically Handicapped Indians ' income is , also ,exempted from payment of Income Tax .
Rakesh tikait answers  question  with poise,which is a  positive feature, people say.Notwithstanding his popularity at this stage he  is untouched by arrogance which normally infects many, people say.
These big Punjab, Haryana & Western UP 'famers' are big looters of government  money, which is a drain, what govtv spends just goes to middlemen, partly Govt. Continues famine time legislations ( as governments are slow to change laws especially when that has created new rodent class of exploiters, the rodents are apoeased for vote,...these rident class are vote agents too) real farmers do not benefit too. The past governments for vote through  appeasement continue to waste tax payer's money in a drain of mandi agent monopoly. The so called farmer, politician & local middlemen, & MP or MLA are the same individual. 
what many people dont understand: 1. central govt doesn't have budgetary resources to buy entire product of all farmers around India, that is why they don't want to make it a law otherwise they will be bound to buy everything. economically and fiscally, this is impossible. 2. APMC mandis are strongly cartelised meaning only few people can buy from there becoz getting license is very difficult and costs a lot (>5lacs) so these traders buy produce at low prices eventually hurting farmers. also small farmers don't have money to take their produce by tractor to mandi, pay taxes and storage cost till produce is sold. by legitimising outside mandi sale, this will help them legally sell outside mandi. farm laws have been in implementation in m'rashtra for over a decade and now and mandis are still intact. 3. conflict resolution problem is genuine (this is something that govt should consider) 4. repeal of essential commodities act will benefit traders who will now want to buy produce to sell at higher price without govt intervention. even if we imagine that this will lead to steep prices, will it not lead to many people beginning to trade to sell at "slightly lower price than competition to be at a profit"? this will ultimately ensure correct prices (this basically is the essence of market economics , i.e, to promote efficiency through competition and self interest.
Shekhar has a history of forecasting Modi has lost. Before 2019 LS election he had said that anti incumbency is sweeping India. He had predicted that Rahul Gandhi will win and became PM. He admitted that his trips to rural poor had missed the gas cylinders in the kitchen. India actually had a pro incumbency wave. Oops.
The bills r for Ambani and Adani ...not for farmers...
Zee network BJP RSS k sapnay tot gay ajj 15 August yad rhy ga
Wow bill hat gaya aab hum kisan 70sal se jaise amir the waise amir bane rahenge 
ITS VERY GOOD MOVE OF THE GOVT TO ENPOWER THE FARMERS .
Basically monopoly of rich punjabi farmer is being banished. In a open system they would be forced to compete with farmers all over India. Shameful.
Way to go Delhi people, thank you for supporting farmers ! COVID is a cover up for gunda Raj on public by this corrupt and violent modi govt
You lost me when you said this is not for farm bills....the protest is happening for mars? Flag is more important than what the flag stands for?
The laws were for farmers benefits however the protest was high jacked by outside countries who wanted to bring instability in India once revoked there plan to create instability failed, Narendra Modi is the best, intelligent and beloved prime minister of our country, he knows nation matters mostJai Hind..
Even though I don't support BJP but I think Modi should stop these people from protesting.
Farmer's are the internal soldier's of their country
if TV 9 wants to know who the farmers will vote. send your reporter to village. sitting at studio don't cook news.
this is the power of farmers and vote also
For the farmers, without a strong MSP foundation, its going from the frying pan of APMC to the fire of big corporations. 
FYI.. Those who come from UP /Bihar are not farmers but labourers. Same like how Indians go to abroad -USA/Canada/Aus as labourers
Stand with Farmers. Salute to Farmers.
Thankyou sir for 2 things,  I was taught a different definition of democracy. Let us percolate ur definition to acedemic system also. 2nd thing, u made it clear that farmers have lost the train.
And Godi Media is trying defend the govt shamelessly.
It might be a great thing for farmers but its obvious that their not willing to takr the risk.
Long live the farmers will win this war  don't give up hope entire world is with the farmers 
2001 bhuli gaya laage che aa molvio, police b pagal pote justice aalvana badle Hinduo pr laathhi charge kare che. Molvio a police b khareedi laage che. Jyare ek Muslim mare to police aakhi international media ma b bayaan aalva ready thaay che ahi to Indian media b cover nathi kari rahi aa murder case puri rite
It is ultimately welfare step for farmers community. 
Sir, I appreciate all the true facts stated by you. I being a son of farmer want to ask you that if you want to change the system on lease of personal lost will you do so? The problem is that govt. thinks that Punjab farmers are resourceful but that is not the case for everyone. The Modi govt. always want to change system instantly like demonitization, these farmer laws as well without giving any time to transpose the system. If you want more in edible oil and less of grains first help us then, give certain security, awareness about how to harvest it. To just levy these laws with 3 mp's  doesn't make any sense. Why would I take debts for system change?
Such a hilarious scene , ridiculous government .they haven't taken back because of farmers but because of elections
The fake and biased media will never share these beautiful connections which farmers have made with people . As a Sikh and son of a farmer I feel proud for this real thing which cannot be expressed through the words. Love you sister from Punjab 
Trains blocked by farmers in punjab, Devotees going to Golden temple suffer a lot... Railway ticket cost amritsar to ambala is Rs. 110 but buses charge Rs.  350,   looting own punjabis by blocking trains, very bad
Upcoming election is the reason now...not the lost of lives of farmers, not the suffering not the welfare of farmers.... wow
We all belong to farmers family,
Lot of thanks ANJUMJI and u will be remembered for long time along with protesting Farmers.
Thank you, sir. please keep uploading such topics. Also U haven's show us the government's point of view to neglect farmer's demands.
Respect  to all farmers brothers who fought and won for their rights against dictatorship of modi rule in democratic country. 
guaranteed price, including bonus or premium, to ensure best value to the farmer and
Finally a relief for farmers
more people need to see what this pakhandi baba stands for...if he was so godly, he wouldn't misrepresent the plight of the farmers, and dog whistle that it is a problem with a specific 'ethnicity'/'group' of people, farmers all over the country are negatively affected by government policy and the three bills, this guy is a sham, watched his other videos and he just smiles and responds incoherent babble, typical con man
The Farmers should not celebrate so early. I hope  that this promise would be kept and not like the 15 Lakhs 
hiI salute the farmers and salute all the citizens of Delhi to support these farmers . Shame on this arrogant Modi and Amit Shah
what about the farmers killed by the law , this type of governess will kill the contoury
I am a staunch BJP supporter, but it's good to know how the other side views this to make an informed decision. So, yea, we may not agree, but thanks for making this video
People talk about kumbh , rallies , but not this corona  obviously support farmers
If you feel laws were good, then everyone failed in convincing the farmers.
Till this day, it is not clear which law's which article's which clause was against the farmers. It was indeed for the benefits of the farmers. The govt can't bow down in front of wrong agitators and they should act in the favor of national interest. What is the difference between us and Pakistan. Pakistan govt bow downed before a extremist group and we infront of farmers?
I tnk, farm laws was good for farmers in a long term. As far as Punjab and Haryana concerned, they are rich farmers, indian farmers do not have that of time to protest for months and they can't bear expenses. But for farmers of rest of India farm laws was so much beneficial. Punjab and Haryana's rich farmers are only thinking for themselves and not the country. May be because of them, lot of other Indian farmers will suffer.
Sir It's very simple and tough on both sides. Like a student psychology they take interest in simple subject and don't want to shift mind on tough subject. So how can you expect farmers forcefully to change their mindset so easily.
they should stop growing crops and start  farming cattle for beef.    how would bjp like that
3:57 Role of Indian Media
Farmers must get protected with MSP  in private entity.
beautiful but desh ko godi media kya dikhata hai only hate they were against farmers but finally farmers won .
This made me realise that, we citizens sometimes fail to understand the problems faced by our farmers.
Thanks for supporting farmers....
" Despite every effort to suppress their movement, they protested with the same tenacity and patience. In the end their non violent non cooperation resulted in the government's surrender" was supposed to be description of freedom fighters in the 40s while Gandhi led them. It also applies to all those farmers that are relentless and succeeded ; this time without a  Gandhi leading them tho 
I stand by farmers 
We hats off to the farmers
I support farmers 
I support  FARMERS PROTEST from ITALY, your Pakistani VEER 
It took you one year to realise to repeal this farm laws...What Abt ppl who lost life during this one year of struggle.Y don't u say this is ur election Drama.
Why you are not showing the first part of the video where SUV is mowing down the farmers ?
Please make this video in Hindi and other local languages if possible, so that we pass it on to people who need this information the most i.e. the farmers. Every state politician will try to twist these reforms for political advantage by shining a negative light on them. It is very important that farmers understand the positive side of these reforms.
Camera Thoda peache bhi dikhate ... sirf police hi hai ya farmers ya just a showoff
People of India our farmers need us now let's support them. We cannot survive without food
The main problem of our farmer's are insufficient rate of their products and have limited option for marketing.
Pakistani will fly this chopper and the Taliban will enjoy the ride...
is India only Punjab and UP.
To the one who said Farmer are not educated... 
Very very very unfortunate decision. A fistful of farmers bowed down the government. The fate of farmers will never change.
CBI should also keep watching on BJP leaders so that they may not run away from country(like frauder Neerav Modi etc)after sailing Public Sectors properties to 2 private corporates under NMP Niti.
Great quotes NDTV! It was great to hear from farmers.
there's no more hatred against modiji now what do the haters say?
Election results me dikhega farmer power.
Godi media report. Farmers leaders with Indian state planned this incident by giving direction to farmers that they will march to red fort.
It is very wrong to connect Deep Sidhu with BJP. You are indirectly blaming the government for the violence so that they can use it as an excuse, this is unreal. All the unions together representing the farmers. While protesting all the unions are one unit and when there is a mishap they are separate.
INC is calling out BJP on farmer laws and this incident while 1984 sikh riots happened bcoz of them, ofc they never had army brought in  :)
Fuckin shit Government and godi media
After us the next target of taliban is #india  remember hindukush mountains 
MSP was not only supported price but also it gives money for buying small things like agriculture equipment and fertilizer keep running. Where private companies never keep on their minds because their holy grail is profit.
Modiji is just suffering the mindless acts of amit shah.
Yesterday kartarpur opened today farm laws repealled
The Helicopter captured by Taliban is one of Five India Gifted for Free to Afghan Forces, the other 4 are been Shot Down by Taliban recently....
You are a very wise person and know truth...you must wish good for farmers and not middlemen because  andolan  are benefiting not farmers..but benefitting who are dividing country
I know that govt is not supporting farmers but it will take farmers income to lower level
The journalist in UP has given all wrong information.... These Farm Laws were actually good for small farmers and not good for big farmers....
Why farmers can't go to court??
2. If the farmers have belief in MSP system why can't the government give written assurance on Msp in pvt market.
These are not farmers at all. Instigated violence.
Shame on Govt for taking India backward to British Raj on Agriculture and farmers issue , Shame on Delhi police for not doing it's duty during riots and then framing innocent in them. One must remember world is watching and laughing as all rankings level for India has come down drastically whether it is GDP or employment or  FDI or relations with neighbors or human rights or treatment of women or overall safety of  citizen or  production from factories or new opportunities or organization way of working or heath facilities or society harmony or journalism  level of report is worst than even most background country or statistical data for deaths for COvid or farmers .
Ravish kumar sir best reporter in india
13:09 background singing is so on point. The amount of unity among Sikhs, and farmers in general, absolutely heart-melting. So true that Modi is always tweeting about USA and other nations and hasn't cared even once about our farmers. Always running after money be it PM cares fund or Adani and now these farm laws which will help the private companies again and get this government more money in their pockets. 60-70 Sikh died while protesting, 50+ days already. Shameless government. Thank you ScoopWhoop for getting us this content. I changed the bell icon to all notifications. You guys should start Patreon too. I would love to support you guys.
Shut up soldout media always  say modi modi
Even Australia Had similar reforms and protets and India too ncie India great Way ahead. They are stopping stubborn burning Majority of farmers want those laws only farms from Punjab and haryana are doing because they are richer than otehr south indian farmers which makes them earn a bit less or make less profit ratehr than good Income than now.
Good start for would farmers.
Support farmers international,national and local. They feed you. I don't think that needs to be elaborated on much more  
  next PM election  BJP     ?
very gud veere bhut vadia kam krde pye o....this what true media is to show reality ....KISAN EKTA ZINDABAAD
Common man point: if these bills will be implemented , then any registered company can buy and stock crop in unlimited quantity and store it till prices touch the sky, so black market will emerge and wheat which is around Rs.1800 per quintal will be more than this, no control will be  of government on it , so common man have to pay high for food(wheat,rice, vegitable,fruits etc etc)
Congratulation to the businessmen(big farmers) who protested in name of farmers. This bill will surely helpful for small farmers.
A very indepth discussion & discourse  about Taliban with support from Prakash KR, journalist . A must see by all those interested in Current affairs especially Taliban
But why Modi has to address the Nation, just to withdraw the Farm Laws. He could as well have given the job to the Agriculture Minister, who championed it in Parliament. Socha National Television meh credit leh lo. This guy is hungry for cheap publicity.
In this farmer producer Canadian was called but in his own country the same rules and regulations are followed but why he is not protesting in his own country Canada
First time cried Rakesh Tikait jee due to BJP blocked...with nails on road.   
Nor stone neither any stick in farmers side in the video
Well done to all the farmers one voice won 
They are not farmers first they are brokers
Farmers fight is not only for themselves but for every common person. If they wont survive then how come common people will get food.
Bjp party ab tera kya hoga. bjp party not support Indian
Very good decision by farmers. ...love you
Rip farmers 
Thank you Farmers. India will be ever gratefull.
This is the saddest and most wholesome protest ever done in India . Respect to the farmers and kudos to the Scoopwhoop Unscripted team .
If farmers are stirred to anger, then they might commit some mistakes by which government will gain the confidence of people for the laws passed.
This is a GREAT WIN for FARMERS AND FOR ALL OF INDIA
Hats off to struggle of real farmers. 
I am jaspal Singh from America : goddi media ko unko unki aukaat dikhao my india please Please unsubscribe goddi media  channels I request all young people's, youtube pe goddi media ko khatam kro
Implement MSP and all problems of farmers will end,but corporate sector won't allow government to do that because after MSP there margin of profit will significantly decrease.
To those who think that they are doing wrong. I just want to let them know making bill on farmers, trading and infrastructure is concern of state not central government. Why central government bring this bill under industry and commerce. When there is specific agriculture regulatory. Isn't is fishy. 
Very Sad Situation for our Country. Very Bad Governance. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan. Jai Bharat. We are with Farmers and Labourers.
5. why did you not mention about the (not required) trasaction agents and commision agents who are middlemen to traders and not even retailers. why do you need an agent to take your goods to a distributer ? simply to raise the price of the goods for customers ? and reduce the price for the farmer. ? 
Let him face an open press conference including those from the Godhi media and face and reply to questions rather than hide behind a camera and conduct a monologue. Does he know that the farmers by large percentage are subsistence farmers who barely make enough to get by and he wants them to face an open market fully exposed to the middle men, traders and large buyers like reliance and Pepsi. 
Politician please stop politics . Please destroy this country . Its not only farmer . This country belongs to lots other people .
If Souls exist in real then deceased farmers must be fuming at fellow farmers for compromising with the UP govt without meeting their main Demand to remove the three unconstitutional agricultural laws.
are they all from the same community and aren't the remaining Famers all over India are not farmers?????
I support farm laws. Anti-farm law protests are itself anti-farmer. Period.
MSP = Minimum Support Price and not Minimum Selling Price as is being mentioned in the video. Lets be factually true please
Irony of this protect is that Indians already getting less than half price of crop in government procurement system and punjabi admire canadaian american system most and they having  private food market .
I am a Pakistani but i am feeling very sad for this poor farmer's suffering because of his own currept government and all Pakistani farmer's are suppoted for these poor people's
ayushsinha (SDM karnal) sheer abuse of his power. How could you give such ruthless orders , where you are openly asking the police to lathi charge on head.A civil servant should be like a bridge between the government and the farmers.
Farmers rally me government ne apne gunde daldiya haa
Farmers point: they are worried about price of their crop, MSP gives some reliance , so they are demanding for it.
Modi does not care about the sikh farmers Punjabi farmers. Its the truth
The common man fortunately understands the problems of the farmers. Good to see that in the National Capital. 
Is this bjp democratic India !!!!???? Lol  shame on you savages !!! Rip to all the poor farmers of India the real hard working ppl who feed us .
This is the time BJP to initiate two reforms immediately to gain public support... 1...relieve hindu temples from govt control to a national hindu organisation managed by eminent hindu leaders.
Mam you should add the procedure of farmers to private sector.  How they will decide price of crops and what will be the security of farmers. It is good that government is deciding msp but how if private will decide. Think about it..thank you
I am also a former from tamilnadu,  I support the form bill.
Even in countries like the United States, farmers are struggling with contract farming and drowning in the poor.
MSP shouldnt be converted into law as it is just incentive by govt to produce some crops more as they have to give at cheap price to poor because of msp Punjab n haryana keep on rice as they gets good return in this crop. And govt  is not able procure all production. They dont store house cold storage for such surplus quantity. U need private players support. If politicians treats MSP as political tool just like waving off loans as congress did in past. Farmers keep on growing crops and  have surplus again n again.  And what about those farmers who r not growing wheat n rice ,apart from MSP crops those who r growing non Msp crops they r not getting good price then punjab n center govt should have MSP for all crops. Rajasthan is under congress but they r not facing such protest like punjab. With MSP and cheap electricity and time to time loan waivers and depletion of ground water where these farmers r heading only god knows. Its high time farmers should change their crop pattern and their of thinking and farming or their own land will degrade more n more dont too obsessed with rice n wheat. 
Super as usual this also one of  great video about farmers, thank you 
People are with the farmers of the country. God keep farmers spirit high. JAI JAWAN JAI KISAN. JAI OUR ANN DATA
The previous method is highly flawed method, In which the traders gains more than the farmers, the traders are agents and middlemen they should have a fixed income , instead they have gain more than the farmers over the years , plus the farmers in india have great benefits, no tax, free electricity, various subsidies.
Modi repeal 3 Farmers law immediately.Bow down to democracy.Nothing wrong
- Govt pays MSP to buy grains from farmers.
Stop calling them farmers..
people had understand their agenda . Now police can tharsh them they are not farmers .
if the idea is to keep India an agrarian economy and keep subsiding the farmers ( I am not against it because they live in poverty and need help) then nobody is actually a winner and things stay the same or potentially get worse as Americans or other countries by involving corporate and technology in farming lower the food grain prices  by increasing yield and even start exporting to India,  while India lags behind.
#standwithfarmers #wearewithfarmers #farmertalk
The government approved for unlimited storage for some food items if this happens then the supply will fall and demand will rise and with the demand the price of these commodities will also rise
Government is helping them to get prices for farmers as they can sell the produce to any states with MSP. Or above it.
No Laws enacted are flawless. Its application at ground levels manifests slowly some handicaps that need necessary corrections to the Laws to intended parties or beneficiaries of the Laws. Interestingly, those who are in protest, don't know what these Farm Laws stand for excepting MSP with wrong  ideas. Eventually, the Law Makers having theoretical knowledge do have little Hands-on on ground rule impacts that created a triangle of confusions between Government, Protestors and Farmers, the ultimate beneficiaries. So, it's better to repeal the Farm Laws that became an instrument to Protesters to make their Personal Selling only with allied political and standalone forces to disturb day-to-day normalcy in Public life, causing huge damage to Government Exchequer, regardless of any gains either. Furthermore, farmers are being duped by political parties due to lack of potent clarity of Laws as a tool to mislead Farmers with intent to oppose Central Government in coming Elections in some States.
Can you please put some light on farmers of other states and their consent or dissent with these bills?
Speaking to Modi's media.
Today 56" Look Small In Front Farmers ,,,,, Hats Off To Our Countries Farmers To Tackle This Hitlerism Govt. 
A few comments have been seen stating that the Indian flag was disrespected on 26 January 2021 at the red fort. It is false that a Khalistani flag was displayed at the red fort on that day. 
We the honest people of India want their tractors and property to be auctioned to foot the damage done to public property by them. Equally responsible are the political leaders who instigated them. How long is India going to tolerate such instances to destabilize India
3.only 6% farmers get msp means these are farmers of Punjab and haryana because they have strong apmc system. 
After death of 71 farmers, the government still remains unaffected.
Please do point to point discussion to enlighten common people who are not farmers. Common man feels farmers are protesting for their their lands. They have no idea how these laws are going to affect them. 
Only from punjab and haryana and maharashtra
Who will take responsibility if corporates exploit farmers and how long farmers should visit police and court
Excellent. At last farmers have succeeded in getting the bills repealed.
Farmers  the real heroes of India... Who are ready to die for our future.. 
Kisan morcha jinda baad waheguru ji mehar Karo I support you no farmers no food God bless you
So to make up the removal of free markets and handicapping the farmer they decided to subsidies the farmers with the MSP. 
Now Farmers are my inspiration for determination and discipline.  Their spirit and generosity is applauded
We are always with farmer unto death
Farmers want losses
Well done God bless all farmers
6. Stop watching godi media if you want to save this country.  And give me answers all bhagts of modi - which promises he had completed in his pm term please answer me .
I was hard core BJP supporter until 2019, but now my views changed.
This is what we should call journalism. Showing the actual ground reality of the protests, conditions, the sufferings farmers are going through... This should be an answer to those who still thinks these protests are political or a khalistani movement. Handsdown Samdish Bhatia and team. Please keep making such videos!
iron is hot, farmers should hit hard to get all issues resolved.
Sir - you never know .. Modi and BJP may use these reforms like BALAKOT .. They may push harder after 18 months ..
basically farmers are saying, don't give me knife or i will kill myself with it. 
its very nice our judiciary has lashed out at farmers good because people citizens are suffering these so called farmers are illtreat they even dont understand how much economy is suffering because of this nonsense they should be thrashed out and vacant the place public are suffering these so called farmers are very irritating
RAKESH TIKAIT JINDABAD 
Modi ji ka Kon sa decision public interest Mai,note mandi, lockdown,GST
finally understood why farmers are protesting. could you please explain why did the Govt. pass the bill?
A big congratulation to every single farmers of India who fought day and night long to take farmers bill back. And also happy to see only the kejriwal led govt. I.e AAP who openly came forward on this success to say that no political party can go against the will of a commoners. Govt. Must listen to the voice of a citizen not the  Political party forcefully implement the laws asper thier wills. India wants Arvind Kejriwal to be next PM of India soon .
tbh my family is farming based family we dont find anything wrong in this bill kyuki we farmers from UP only sells sugarcane as we sell it directly to factory!!! 
Rakesh Tikayet ne indian small farmers ko andhakar me dhakel diya.  History will never forgive him & his agents.
It's simple don't sell it to private vendors , so what if farmers pay little bit of taxes, same  uniity should be shown while selling their goods..
upcoming elections in Punjab.
The best explanation.... The loopholes are actually too big for poor farmers and we know India is far from an ideal place.
Agriculture bill were cancelled just for the sake of elections, not to favour democratic attitude
Farmers koo essential commodities ki supply close kr deni chahiye urban areas koo tb pta chlye ga ki farmers terrorist hai ja khalistani. Farmers is only farmers, they all are human beings not terrorists or khalistani.STOP blaming them.............
Excellent Dhruv. You explained in brief how the farm laws were brought perhaps with good intention but had major intrinsic weaknesses that would have affected farmers. I agree that this is not even beginning but farmers have just achieved to retain the position from what they would have been pushed back to. This has given us an opportunity to understand farmers problems and support them in improving their life. I hope we can achieve this sooner tha later. Farmers constitute a huge part of population and if we help them in their journey towards prosperity, the country will become real world economic power . Jai Hind
This jumla master says he was unable to explain the benifit of farm laws. Did he ever sat with the farmers before or after inducting in parliment.
My parents and grandparents all were born in Punjab this all happened Punjab and the rest of India they had a lot of war together
Sir i can believe that kisaan from Punjab are influenced by foreign entities but is it possible for alll farmers from our motherland india and u know very well conditions of farmers in our motherland republic of india
BJP anyways has no future in Punjab .the way they are handling farmer's protest look's like they won't even win 1 seat They are bound to play a second fidle role as always  with captain or Akalis in future.Their party leaders have done zero ground work  in Punjab and now  they have alienated the farmer's .
I long to wait for your video... Thank you so much all your hard work and being voice to the great Indian farmers andolan.... Once our dictatorship regime gets over... All godi will be shut but NDTV and Wire and many such channels will like a morning star
Question: How will the farmers know if there is not much demand for the crop they are producing if the minimum price is artificially set still .. Won't this produce misallocation of foodgrains i.e. more of it where it is not needed ?? And wasted labour that could have went into production of something that has actual demand???
Our godi media is busy in beautifying fekuji speech
Rakesh tikait is ghereat leader
They are not farmers, they are gundas who came in the name of farmers, and finally they got what they deserve
Or, rest of the farmers r fools in  my country.
Happy Independence day to India and afghan taliban
Wow Makes me  the Indian culture/spirit even more! Just look at "private sector in Western nations" You'll  *what private sector does to farmers* FIGHT THE GLOBALISTS
It is a shame for indian government to fight for farmers
Probably this much diesel and one lakh tractors work would have produced one year's food to all 11lakh farmer families in Punjab ! 
Galat panga le liya Bjp ne....Most Egoistic Prime minister of India we have ever seen....
Anyone supporting Farmers tractors rally during Bharat Republic Day does not have good heart for Bharat.  
Go go Farmers we are with you anybody try to stops you just kill them with stones or whatever
Government has genuinely tried to address/help farming, but fake farmers have destroyed everything. After all Modi is a politician, he cant keep losing his political capital & instead turn his attention towards something more productive to the country/poll prospects etc..
Bcoz of up elections they withdraw bill.
Regarding, the court settlement of disputes, do they want to drag these honest, poor and innocent farmers to the web of lengthy, expensive, cumbersome legal procedures of Indian judicial system???. Nowadays, it is taking more time to get a dispute redressal in a reasonable manner. You must also note that most of SDM's are young IAS recruits who entered the system with the utmost vigour, competence and ardent devotion to doing good for the society. You should also note that the workload of a local judge is more than the same as an SDM. Of course, no system is perfect and blemishes-free. Even if a farmer is allowed the option to approach the court, there is no guarantee he/she will get a suitable redressal because of the widespread corruption in the Indian legal system. So, I suggest each and every one approach the issue in a more open and unbiased manner. We cannot allow our emotions to rule over the visible facts, figures and realities. I know I am not that educated but I always try to approach an issue in an honest way without any prejudices.
4. Big farmers of Haryana and Punjab who also work as bicholiya in the mandis of these states never wanted these laws, as this will completely shut down their source of black money.
In which house of the parliament will  repeal bill will be introduced and will it be ordinary bill??
Indian Occupied Kashmir belongs to Pakistan. You reading robot.
This is exactly the problem, irrespective of what is good for the country, some people from politics and media who dont like modi ... just want to defeat him. Their only agenda is to oppose him, they dont care about farmers.
At least, to strike a compromise, Govt. need to have a seperate agency to act as a business resource center for the farmers in each state that they can go to; to give them business guidance, teach them business & negotiating skills etc.  
Sir what about petrol price in india
Farmer and police both hurt due to bjp activist deep sindhu is responsible......
Gooooooooo the farmer's, its time to stand for your rights... untill you take it back...
Farmers are really innocent. Vo hum Sab ke lie hi dharne Pr baithe. Modi g pls mat pareshan kro innocent farmers ko. Aapko bhi bhgwan ne bnaya h. Aap toh khud ko bhgwan Samjhne Lg gye
Make a video to support Farmers 
Farmers should encircle Parliament and force the government to withdraw law against farmers.
Wth.....love to farmers
AAP should lead farmers agitation and bring down this unruly ruling party.
Thanks For This Video, Make Me Proud As a son Of Farmer 
Great brother please make more video on farmer protest
telangana concept of cash transfer have some loop holes...as the tenant farmers who are actually cultivating the land are not benefitted from this scheme..money is directly getting credited to the land owners.besides they also get rent from tenant farmers..
Simple Dr Watson. Win win for the BJP. The party (a win with Amrinder, exit from Punjab politics - Congress, AAP and Akali in one swell swoop) in Punjab is more important now. Old wine can be served in new bottles along with the farmers later on. Just saying.. not politics but plain logic.
Go farmers go!!!
Don't Make Fool's. We know what reforms are. If Gov't rally made a good Law, so why they hadn't talk farmers unions before making reforms. The thing is that, gov't want to stop giving MSP to farmers in Punjab, Haryana such as, already in UP, BIHAR!!  Farmers are selling there Crops under the low price!!
As a Delhite I support farmers. Fact govt tried stopping them to protest raise concerns. Our Republic ll be dead If they keep stripping off civil liberties
Sir ,There are numerous companies which procure apples at definite prices ,but these companies procure only selected quality apples(high colouring strains,less ripe ,juicy etc) .considering this ,Amongst his total produce ,a small and a marginal farmer produces only 25% apples as selected or high grade quality ,rest being of inferior quality which is sold in apmc's along with selected quality produce ,if these apmc's are dissolved ,who will buy the 75% inferior quality produce of the farmers. Small farmers who have had their payments at default by small traders have struggled to get their due rights even after initiating legal proceedings against these small traders ,Do you people genuinely believe that if these big companies don't value there contracts ,a small farmer would be able to take on legal battles against these big corporate houses ,with exclusive legal aids and advisors at their end.
Bht awesome. Thank you kelvin for supporting kisan #isupportfarmers 
Farmers of this two states get the most out of it while the farmers of MH, WB, KN, MP etc are left behind.
It is an election gimmick as 7 states are going for Assembly polls in 2022 namely Punjab, U.P, Uttarakhand, Goa, Himachal Pradesh, Manipur and Gujarat.
Now a big opportunity is lost. 90% in India are marginal farmers and for them Farmers reforms proposed by Gov was good and useful to prevent from Dalals and local moneylenders.
These people can not be Indian farmers
"votes of farmers matter but voice of farmers doesn't matter "
Dont beat farmers they are the real son of the soil
This is exactly what we learn in r school that the Indian farmers   n poor r being treated during the British Rule
Thanks for coverage farmer protest against three black law
I really really enjoy following your analysis. Currently one my favourite resources. Can you please explain/link farmer suicides to your analysis and history of agri reforms in India?
No farmers no food 
Super piece SGJI.....CAA now Farm laws. They just want to bulldoze their way around...!!!  Just hope Bharath Sarkar is listening to your objective suggestions..!!
While the increasing authoritarian stance is very troubling and the fact that farmers are the most vulnerable populace in India, the reforms are needed. The Indian agricultural system is very inefficient due to the fact that a majority of people are engaged in agriculture, a blocked path for Indian industrialisation and progress. The reforms are needed lest India remain a backwards agricultural country. What we need are less farmers and more workers. Oh and the green revolution they demonised? Yeah it helped feed the exponentially growing population.
Violence is violence either it's done by any side... Some sources tells ministers son with driver ran over farmers for no reason.. 
The prime minister need to address to the situation right now this is sad that now our republic day will also be  remembered as a black day on our democracy.The farmer unions should atleast once reconsider the pledge by the government.
Farmer has to succeed
They are hoisting Khalistan flag in place of our dear National flag. Such a shame to support them. Shame on NDTV.
1) The farmers had moved towards a more liberal & flexible system.  Now, farmers can sell their produces outside  regulated markets which exist parallel  to govt run APMC (Agriculture Produce markets/mandis).  This will provide additional marketing channel for the farmers ie more choice.
Pakistan. Or  taliban  ka Hindustan par. Qabza.. ho gaa bohat jaldee....Bollywood janta or Bollywood indian armey...stupid PM...google report....a tea man
Not thousands lakhs get to gether happy to see the courage of farmers and  of Haryana govt    thease people will not come tomorrow
I'm literally crying.. can't see our farmers in pain 
Busted farmers ,
From insurance to fertilizer to pesticide to irrigation to electricity bills everything is free to farmers or highly subsidized (not free otherwise they will misuse it which can harm soil productivity and health of ppl who eats it bt still they overuse it anyway). Then gvt buys it at a lucrative price then value of land is worth crores which a middle class after working throught his life wont be able to save a fraction of it
Our country needs a honest government and the one who is willing to listen and understands farmers
I am with farmers 
But whats the point of overproduction of wheat and rice . . . Farmers need to diversify to more profitable crops like fruits and vegetables
Why is it the farmers sells his tomatoes for rs 2 and I buys this tomatoes at rs 30 in GOA. Who is to be blame where does the Rs 28 go.
Excellence presentation and leadership skill exposed in our farmers leader honorable rakeshji tiket sb . We proud and salute on his every statement in front godi media and actual moralfulmedia
Did you know that on the old system onion was sold by farmer for 5 rs per kg and reached consumer at 50 rs per kg? I wonder who is getting all this money Kappa
i like  this channel their statements seems very democratic ,unlike zee news ,abp and aaj tak .farmer protect is in trending all over the world and godi media does not wanna show it . we dont want godi media anymore , downfall for them has been started and i wanna tell you that whole world is watching farmers protest and also those tv channels are getting exposed who are funded my modi org. good work guys .
It's not just about patience, though. I was in rural India about two years ago, and the farmers were already desperate. They don't have a whole lot to lose.
Modiji spineless!!! Think twice before you speak. Rubbish analysis by Mr. Mitra. Modi ji never did anything for votes. Leaving this midway. Not worthy.
John Stewart would have done more research, that 250 million figure is wack, the farmers living in one small section of india ruled by the opposing party are participating in this protest, farmers living in most places in india don't even avail these support prices due to various reasons and support the new farm laws, the farmers of one particular region have been made to fear the free market by socialists and some anti-national forces, the current system needs to change as 10k farmers kill themselves annually in the current system, due to debt, and this privatization and establishing open market seems to be the only way, these protesting farmers will also still be able to sell their produce at the support prices even after the bill is passed, they have additionally been given the option of selling in open market, and they are protesting based on a conspiracy theory that soon these support prives will go away, and the corporations will destroy them
On the other hand, one could also argue that bigger companies would first lure the farmers in by providing them better than MSP pricing, slowly enabling the shutdown of APMC markets and no MSP, and once done that, they can become like Zamindars that India was trying to escape in the first place due to which the APMC was set up! It's a valid concern, I do acknowledge.
the new farm laws dont take anything away from farmers they just give them more option to sell their produce. protest and everything is ok but it wouldve better if you guys went into details about the new laws . this protest wont work as its baseless
Extremity of BJP government, a total failure vis s vis farmers' agitation. Limitless brutality, but CM is enjoying his get-together 
They are not Savarkar's or BJP RSS bhakts they are Kisan they will not apologize or sign mercy petitions 
The Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Ordinance, 2020 allows intra-state and inter-state trade of farmers produce beyond the physical premises of APMC markets.  State governments are prohibited from levying any market fee, cess or levy outside APMC areas. 
Just ask them what are the contents of farmer's bill against which they are protesting and they will get panic
Sarkaar ko court ko jald se jald foran immediate action lena chahiye.
I believe farm sector needs reforms but these reforms must include feedbacks, suggestions and recommendation from various Kisan organizations like when government make policy for industrialist they take feedback/suggestions from industries.
Rakesh ticket chor hai videshi sher ki khal pahan rakhi hai Odia only Yogi Modi vote for BJP
Hahaha when Obama came to the power things are changing so rapidly farmers protest is just beginning India will be suffer if you guys doesn't take things consciously.
I am a Rubber plantation owner from a family in this business for more than hundred years. In our experience, whatever economists, scientists, bureaucrats, politicians or journalists say or write about, they always get away, if their prescriptions are wrong, because unfortunately there is no accountability for all the above classes of people. All they have to do is shoot from the hip, mouth and pen, and whether people suffer or benefit, is of no consequence to them. There is a trust deficit between farmers and all the other classes I have mentioned above. And this issue can be solved by talking with the people affected. Farmers are not some idiots living in Rural India, in fact, many of us are more educated, intelligent and hardworking than our urban counterparts. But unfortunately all the classes of people I mentioned address Urban India because that's were the moolah is, and many urbanites think that farmers can be easily twisted by some third rate politicians. Do some real research. I wonder when was the last time Ila Patnaik took her head out of her numbers and interacted with Farmers to find out their real problems. Because such interactions will also give birth to some lasting solutions. Jai Hind. Bharat Mata Ki Jai!
I hope the farmers and the people involved will restrain from acting violently as it seems that they are being provoked to retaliate....
Finally the Paagal PM Bow  downs to farmers not before killing 500 of them.
Farmers for Freedom
Nothing wrong in asking for a discussion. Why are the laws being repealed ?  what happened?  Is it because the government could not bear to see more farmers dying at the morcha ? or some other reason like the upcoming elections in some states ? It is a democracy.
The one dead farmer killed himself by driving the tractor at high speed into a barricade and the tractor toppling on top of him. What your headline seemed to miss was the numbers of Indian police men and women who died as a result of the protestors actions. The protesters were protesting against the addition of an option to sell their crops by themselves, without middlemen eating into their profits. This riot was backed by non-else than Greta Thunberg who was involved in producing and releasing a google toolkit outlining the incidents on these dates, inciting these people to do what they did! Environmental Greta backed those who destroy Indias environment by stubble burning, use pesticides prolifically making that area the cancer capital of India and whose indiscriminate use of fertiliser has polluted the water table. Well done Greta!
It was happened with farmer is very crucial way now in india it is seen like that humanity isn't present here 
PM of India should learn from farmer ,what ever it takes r how long it takes common people Will not be able bend for you. More people will shed their blood then listen to you Mr.PM,
If it was such a good law from your perspective,what was the need to push it through in Facist manner in the Rajya Sabha.Only time will tell whether the changes benifit the farmers and consumers.Any judgement at this stage is premature.
Thank you independent journalist for showing true journalusm as a person sitting in a small town in north east its really admirable to see this farmers protest in its true form not clipped out videos 
One thing everyone needs to understand is Central Govt proposes and implements laws at the national level. They'll see what is more beneficial at the national level. When less than 5% across the nation are participating in these protests, it thumpingly displays that the new farm laws benefit the nation better. If it may cause any loss to that 5%, they've to sit with Govt and talk about alternative solutions for their possible loss, not fight to repeal the new laws. I hope this brings some sense to the protestors.
hahaha..great video.. This actually sounds pretty good, MSP for security and free market for prosperity. Lot of farm produce get wasted in India, this will actually help reduce the time to sell these perishable goods and reduce hoarding, but may also lead to large scale industrial farming and totally push the poor farmers off the equation. It's high time people left all the farming to automated machines, easier said than done though.
Sir, please make a video on Andhra Pradesh Amravati farmers strike. 
Kids are celebrating reapealing of farm bills..
Now farmers are also termed terrorist... Jiska khate ho usi ko dikha
Title should be "Why farmers from Punjab alone protesting?"
What u want sir that Indian lands are sell to ambani and adani what about when NARENDAR MODI IS SELLING WHOLE INDIA TO AMBANI AND ADANI
800+ Farmers died in Process
Ye ek nyi chal h ye jante h ki Kisano se bahot nuksan hota UP Election me isliye ek nyi chal chli gyi h is lolipop ko public samjhe jarur 
These are the people who represent India, not Bollywood. Farmers showed how to protest. Salute 
False quality grading  leads to cost cutting , decreasing farmer pay ..... 
Main us ka president farmer law support krta hoon 
Thanks for raising voice of farmers
Now msp will be maximum support price no body will get that price, bihar is the biggest example of faliure of scheme
You should read the laws before any comment. New farm laws will give more options to the  Indian farmers. It is very beneficial for farmers.
support protest support for  unemployed people  , not talking about farmers though
Kisan India lebar India mother India women India Ambedkar India all all people help help help
It's not beneficially for Farmer. Bcz after 5 year, largest manufacturer apply monopolize on farmer.
Huge chunk of farmers cannot afford to store their crops. And those who can have been doing so forever. 
agrr fir b nni lagra ki ye galat h....and agr fir bhi aapko lagta h ki government aapko ni sun rhi..to next election me vote hi mat dena iss government ko...jo aapki aapni party hai jo maximum log pasnad krte h unko lee aana aur ye law cancel kr a dena.....bot options h yr ye danda le kr red fort pr chad kr yr sb krna nhi h ..jiski bhi galti ho.. police ki ya kishan ki...jo hua vo ni hona chaie tha.
Mitra is spot on! Modi is suddenly appearing as if he has no power despite his parties majority! The opposition with no power still seems to wield more power than Modi with all his Govt machinery! Shame on Modi to not being able to be firm and take action on these arsonists and secessionists! These are not all farmers it is infested by Khalistani and Jihadists!
I am from farmer family from Haryana . 
Salute to Tikait sir, Punjabi Sikh farmers must stay with Tikait sir otherwise they will loose their respect. 
I support farmers . But national flag nhi utarna Chahiye thha.
I don't understand when government thinks that it's good for farmers then instead of talking to them who are  sitting near Delhi Borders , they are going here and there and throwing the tantrums ..
modi ji u are the greatest leader in india's history after independence !!
A couple of hours ago PM Modi announced that the farm laws will be scrapped. So i took up an interest to study the topic. You said that the middlemen ("from whom the government is desperately trying to protect the farmers from") don't exploit the farmers and they are usually good people. How can u speak on the behalf of all middlemen? i mean you don't know all of them personally right. Secondly if they are lending money on a personal basis what difference does it make whom the middlemen are working for? anyways they are lending the personal money right. I am not criticizing what you said its just an observation. Thank you for the video
Defaming national flag is wrong , those involved in that must be punished & Central gov lethargic action made  this protest to a agitation why can't they take a decision quick? If no Farmers in our country is in favor of the bill then for which country farmers central gov bringing this law?.Gov is for the people.
Farmers sport
Salutes to my Farmer
It's fault of farmers. Don't blame police n BJP.
2. The BJP  Govt isn't giving a LARGER MARKET to the farmers. It is gifting a LARGER GUARANTEED PURCHASE BASE to crony capitalists.
Why are you saying him farmers farmers
Mobocracy wins over democracy it's regional issue of Punjab and Haryana..who will compensate other parts of India.
Modi is wrost pm in the history of INDIA
Kejriwal ji/Aam Admi party is not worried about loosing votes in Delhi. They are confident that come next election time they will offer some freebies to the public of Delhi and buy their votes again. Now Delhi paying the price of selling their votes for cheaper electricity bill. Serves them right. Nothing is free.
Respect Bro.......First food vlogger ,who covered our #FarmersProtest
It's more like Sikhs vs Govt riots..... Not farmers riots anymore......
Thank you for the details.The propaganda of the Opposition is very misleading.It is now clear that these parties may not be in favour of true democratisation.But our farmers must be empowered.
MODI KO UTARO INDIA KO BACHANA HAI TOH
My greatest salute to indian farmers.
The decision of taking back farm laws cannot be judged in a single day or month u must give time to see how things now developed for farmers, just like partition which maybe treated  as a fruitful decision during that time but now we all understand how dangerous the decision was for now and for coming years also.
I am extremely grateful to this gentleman with Ravish sahab as a student and observer of Afghanistan. It is rarity to see a person on Indian media who knows what actually happened and who Taliban actually are. People don't know anything about them and I can see only propaganda about them. They arose because women were being raped and people were being killed. Their time was the most peaceful time of Afghanistan. These are hard facts which might be unpalatable to many but facts are stubborn things. 
Heartiest congratulations to our beloved farmer brothers and sisters.
Support to farmers and sikh brothers... God bless you.
I am very amazed too see how everyone in comments section is so sure about new bills if it's good or bad for farmers I read and study on these topic for more than months still not sure what will be the good for farmers there are some loop whole in bill which make farmers insecure about it which need to solve by government. One thing is for sure and everyone should agree with it that current situation of farmer is not good for them cause of it many farmers committing sucide so we need too change it. Indian people need too understand destroying public property and vandalism of property will make things worst for farmers and it will make look like anti india block so all protest need to do in peaceful manner.
Sri Lanka has this same problem of farmers not being able to sell their cultivation at a decent price. The authority should know better to give the necessary facilities and make arrangements for the farmers to sell their products directly to the customers without having to go through a middle party. Agriculture should be given more attention. Farmers should be treated fair.
Tractor rally ko allow hi nhi krna tha 
india to the farmers directly to their bank account which punjab state farmers unions are opposed it because lot of the food grains
Is simple -No farmers no food no food = Chaos .
This is gift for farmer by government
Statue of unity, election rally, election security, more than 2000 VVIP's security..... Sir ye kharcha bhi to hamaare TAX per hi hota hai...... 
It's a very big L for modi and something done for upcoming election to please the people. I always thought these were very positive changes and promoted productivity in agriculture to make India a powerhouse in terms of food exports but that wasn't to be and it will never be now if a full majority party bowed down to these protests.
Now farmers
"IF THE FARMER IS POOR
Finally india m sirf ek national media me ye clip.dikhai
A big THANK YOU to our beloved farmer brothers and sisters.
Farmers were crushed under the vehicle of dictatorship....we want justice...
JAI SREE AM HARA HARA MAHADEV ONLY MODI MODI MODI JI SUPPORT
Farmers were never bound to sell to APMC. The farmers know that APMC & MSP option will disappear soon.
Aaj sir emotional kr diya and happy to see your vote on farmers side
It wasn't government fault. During 370 kashmir had protest. We should understand that without people co operation government can't do anything. We say government doesn't do anything but think that when they do how people response. 370,3 talak,farm bill,Caa were done for good but people...
Farmer entering into an agreement with a MNC is the point.
What a great actor, sorry orator modiji is.
Hail the farmers
Hey Arfa you did great work thanks. bringing the truth to the people. salute to you, best of luck to you. Godi media should learn from you.
President should have done this before! Why it took 11 months or so to come to that agreement ridiculous Farmers wouldnt have died in the protest. So proud of farmers good job supporting from USA 
Shame on these dangayee.. they are not real farmers... Eh kehra tareeka hakk Mangan da..shame
Punjab and Haryana farmers- this is not fair....let's protest
As a banker it was long realised that contract farming is the only way to increase income of farmers but need is to enforce contracts fairly and time bound manner.
Actually your government was in favour with corporate system not with farmers
POWER TO THE PEOPLE! FARMER SOLIDARITY!
Taliban are welcomed by them in napakistan 
All Govt and states can learn from BJP that you can just bring any bill into parliament and pass it without votes and discussion .... 
Media channels overexagerating the situation....they are not terrorists to have issue with SECURITY IN DELHI
All citizens to awake up and support farmers protest to save nation
Hence proved=>> the degree from whatsapp university is useless. Farmer Rocks [JAI JAWAN JAI KISHAN] [BHARAT MATA KI JAI] [BANDE MATARAM] [LONG LIVE DEMOCRACY - LONG LIVE INDIA]
But aren't private companies already free to directly buy form farmers, why do we need a new law for that? can anybody explain.
Actually the three farm laws were good for the marginal farmers who are in majority.. Although, I cannot challenge Government's move but the three farm laws shouldn't have been taken back.. Punjab and Haryana constitute just 4% of India's population.
waise, i appreciate and support the digital campaigning for elections.. kaash pehle hi kar liya hota anya raajyon mein.... covid ka aatank kaafi kam hota...
every afghan who iz against the rules of talibans should immediately leave afghanistan........... it will be better for his/her rest of life in longer run..
Thank you VOX for such a easy tutorial for world audience. Farmers are being cheated in a democratic country so openly and whoever talks about it is blamed as anti national. 200 people lost their lives so far in this protest but still not a single word or a tweet for them from the head of the state. Which can give you a glimpse that how much Indian government is serious about these protests .
12)All transaction between farmers and consumers are must be in white. I really encourage to do digital transaction if possible.
Yogi Adityanath is also on target as he is getting more acceptance as hindutva leader than Modi. This move will affect small farmers of UP in Purvanchal. First the Brahmins are angry on yogi, then yogi action on Kaleem Siddiqui who had relations with Mohan bhagwat and now this.
These new laws actually give the power to the farmers to choose prices (to some extent), buyers, become educated, learn new technologies, and develop overall. 
We are with our farmer 
And some says the farmers attacked the vehicle first and due to that it lost his control.. It is a case of hit and run from one side and mob lynching from other... Consequence is both of the side had beared loss
Now opposition parties will be suspicious of this repeal and may start nation wide protest to reinstate atleast till the elections get over!! Jai Hind 
Support to these farmers .
Why not Let all the farmers from all the states come to the outside of Sansad House and thank for the new bills ??? 
This is also occurred in Sylhet region where the Taluqdars/mirasdars used Nankar system (food tax) with farmers. It was called Nankar rebellion in 1950 and eventually the practice was abolished by the Pakistan government then.
Farmers are siting peaceful in Protest in Dehli more than 60 days , more than 150 farmers died due to Dehlis cold.!0 meetings between Farmers Unions and govt failed.I pray govt comes  farward to solve farmers crisis.
Why are people celebrating? It is not like the farmers in India are in the best condition. Only in Punjab and Haryana becoming rice bowls not considering its side effects. Even if this is gone , something else has to come in place of this.
They r the soul of this nation listen to the farmers save the farmers....SHAME ON GOVERNMENT
To be fair  protesting 2 months in such cold weather, 140+ deaths of farmers, being called anti national and terrorists and facing police brutality can break anyone's patience
BJP is take out nation economy 50 years behind or may be worst... We as indians should boycott Reliance, Adani and this big players from market...we should change from their services and should use other products and services
Our farmers won!!! It was indeed the longest protest after freedom! Wish spineless people around supported them rather than calling them Khalistani/terrorists. Indian farmers and their movement is going to be remembered forever around the world. Salute to the Indian farmers and SHAME on Government and Godi media!!!
This pseudo farm protest is up against our beloved PM, the democratically elected govt, but aayega to Yogi ( 2022 ) and Modi (2024) hi.  Kuchh bhi kr lo salon desh ke gaddaron Khalistani gang.
So once the farmers commit suicide the debts are forgiven? Do all farmers have life insurance that will pay out the family to cover all debts, and feed the family?  I call the people who leave behind the women and kids cowards.  The men of Punjab consider themselves Lions.  I think not.  What will happen to the family when you commit suicide Lions?
Farmers feed the nation. They are not hooligans.
Being a Pakistani I only like Dhrove Rathi and Sir Ravish Kumar. I was thinking Sir Ravish Kumar will go against Taliban but he is doing remarkable Journalism
Is this Mahapanchayath? Seems to be less than 20-25 farmers. Karshaka samaram only in medias like yours. Even Punjab CM deserted this farmers
I like APP work, God bless your party  I support farmers from UP.
It's good to see farmers from southern parts are being represented as well. Unity among farmers will bring unity among general public as well. It's motivating and hope this unity stays.
This is not a farmer protest. This is happen to lose BJP in 2022 Up election. But BJP party will come again in 2022 ....
All country stands with Rakesh takait ji and against RSS and godi media
Just like support to any industry with Minimum import price or taxation farmers also need support for price and distribution both.
Khalistanio koo naukri bhi da dhi this can only be happen in india  
Nice video... biased one... In short it is against dealers not farmers
Those who are speaking against the farmers please tell single benefit of these 3 farm bills .
Public shouting "Godi media hai hai " ... irony is that aajtak is covering it 
Definitely Modiji will return the 370 and 35A of indian Constitution. 
Time for India to take tough stand on Canada. Openly Canada sponsoring Khalistan stand and. captain keeps mum. Congress politics and not nation first. Shame
cannot blame the farmers! surely 3 laws would have helped them! but the gov steamrolling the laws made it suspicious !! sad sad day! no one will ever pick this up again! water level in punjab is dropping! sooner or later we will see what mess we are in!
Sir, in how much te will farmer's income double?  What is average farmer's income today? What is average labour rate today? How much role will these laws play in income increase?
Farmers should go to bjp mp's bunglow
The reality is farm laws is best for agriculture in India and Punjab farmers have hit their own foot with axe by the repeal of farm laws.
India can't reached double income of farmers...This is needed to reforms nd implement in the bills. current Government repealed agri act for upcoming elections pressure...This is imbroglio for govt nd unexpected  decission... India can't continuity any projects bcuz of flexibility govts.
Its kinda embarrassing to see how half of the people didnt even know how the farmer bills are affecting the farmers
who all want a India Media vs Savage Trevor Noah
Photos today what did not want this Maar Panchayat to take Play what happened to the sequence of the day before yesterday the protesters were going into camera village to protect their to ensure that the admission 2019 to ensure the best possible and their CM Stoppers land the entering into the village to protect that some villages first visited them there for us today and yesterday that the commission and the city of Kurnool District negotiated with form Union leaders saying is that even the chief minister has a right to speak any as this freedom of expression to let income and address the farmers who are with this farm was over the organisers of these ki mahapanchayat the protesters from BK you aur local villages of from a neighbouring villages registered with despite these negotiations between the district Administration and farm Union leaders it remained in conclusive light on the meetings were having between the farmers of the union government in Delhi today morning of the police every deployment of police was there in the selected yesterday today morning they are right the protesters were saying that we are also
Sir can you explain the part of the MSP in" Farmers' Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Act, 2020". Like it said if a farmer sells his crop outside the apmc then he won"t be granted msp. If that is said and done, why are farmers protesting about it. If they sell out of mandis and apmc, it seems reasonable why the govt. won't grant them msp as they wud be private, individual producers, and it wud become difficult for govt to regulate them all. Or is it just that there is no clarity provided by the govt. on msp. sir kindly tell about this, I just want to develop an unbiased-notion about it.
Justice for our Farmers
I come from an Indian, where farmers are the KING'S
Presently no farmer knows that what and when to grow which results always either shortage or surplus leading to loss to them 
Now diversify msp procurement from all states in equal ratio...not keep them specific to punjab haryana up
farmers should be able to sell their crops freely
Thank you for being voice of Farmers 
When we say that it will pinch our pockets, is that not exactly what is keeping the farmer poor? Our reluctance to pay fair price is keeping them poor.
Everyone should Support farmers, if  Reliance and Adani and Tata start controlling onion, potato and wheat prices they will have monopoly on it and they will destroy farming sector in India
Thank you for this breakdown! Here in my country the USDA is going to start taxing livestock farms for their methane. (Literally a tax on animal flatulence) I feel like the governments around the globe are messing with the food supply
Salute to farmers of the country they remained resolute even after the repeal of farm laws.
After all this time, the three laws have to be repealed because of the contribution of the farmers.  Bjp fall began...
Literally this is so much humiliating for every country who declares they are most powerful,largest economy bla bla bla,, &how Pakistani peoples can be so much bevakoof this is a big shaming.
PM Modi has done a great Job to liberalize Indian Agriculture and paved the way to introduce industrial capital in agricultural products which in turn help boost the rural economy . It will help extend the  market on which modern Indian independent capitalism will grow. It will give India a great purchase power like China. Every country will come to India to sell their goods. It will extend India's tax giving people more than 100 crores. When 80% Indian peasants start buying things for their choice and requirements, Industry will grow hundred and hundred folds. Unemployment problem will solve. A great great thumps up for the very Job by BJP and PM Modi jee. It has hurt the interest of 5 i's and Canada is one of them. They are the white colonial and extracted the labor of black people from Africa. They enslaved and tortured the black African and made money like UK, USA, Australia, New Zealand. They along with their follower who want to extract the blood of poor Peasant of our country. Red salute to BJP who did the great job which Left could not achieve for their majority. Left of India should support the Bill with some constructive  suggestions and  rectifications.
1) Everyone knows that we need reforms. But change is hard and the people with vested interest in the status quo won't like it. So it helps everyone is the govt talks to the stake holders and try to take them along. Modi's image in india is quite positive and people do seem to be very forgiving towards him (forgiving him after the stupidity called demonetisation for example). So he should use that to resolve the issues personally if needed(for example meeting the farm leaders).
Its so heartbreaking and painful to see our farmers suffering .KISSAN MAZDOOR EKTA JINDABAD.
My condolences to all the other farmers in India who got deprived of this reform and will have to continue with same old way ,while the zamindars big farmers keep taking benefits.
Kese kisan hai ye supreme court ko bhi nahin man Raha hai. I hope government will take strict action against Rakesh tiket and their popets.
Good explanation, thanks.  It seems that the farmers have found effective ways to impact the country in a way that makes them hard to ignore. May the greed driven encroachments be turned back before they further harm these vulnerable farmers.
Absolutely unbelievable decision..not required..modiji yeh kta kiya apne
Reform needs strong insurance, corruption control, strong laws to protect farmers from companies otherwise it is not going to work. Government has to show good state model and till date there is no single state to show that. Bihar abolished APMC in 2007 why private didn't invest because all they want to do is manipulate farmers.
1 sec is what takes modi to repeal law, repeal and make again, what's the deal ,he never died, but 130+ of us died, shame on bhakts, paid economists calling khalistani, maoist to the poor, black period for india 
So who is the enemy now? China or India? look what India is doing to the farmers and state of Punjab. And they are always trashing on China about human rights violations, The Irony  the good guys = India  Jai Hind, my ass
Congratulations .now election coming near.dont come in fake promise . Reammber how many farmers give there life.this time think and vote.
Its really disgraceful that for winning elections in up he came backfoot in three law of farmers  this has put the image of Our prime minister that for continuing prime ministers chair he can also go backfoot
Ok that comment at 3:28 is not correct there is no mention of withdrawal of government mandis in the bill. Please read the bill before making factual statements. Also note that the protests are primarily only in a single state. There are no other protests against the Bill all over India. There are farmers in every state of the country, the death rate mentioned by the report is largely from the other states not Punjab, which has a fraction of the total death rate. If the Bill was so bad this would be an all India movement instead of just one state. As such the bill is good but the politics is bad which is what has led to this situation.
Our issue is not with what farmers get freebies for . Our simple demands are that Physically Handicapped Punjabis also get Free electricity may be only for their work places / factories only . And Physically Handicapped Indians ' income is , also ,exempted from payment of Income Tax .
That's why I am supporting Farm laws and against making laws on MSP.
I think BJP will induct these laws State wise now..rather than centrally... that's a better solution...if punjab and haryana farmers doesn't want their betterment..leave them alone
Legends still thinks these are farmers
Prasoon jee thanks. Farmers grow food grain for Indian people. Government & business can buy food grain from farmers mandi. MSP is a must. Vote ki chot. No vote for bjp. Bjp will loose state governments. Bill bapsi nahi to ghar bapsi nahi and MSP on 23 fassals in law. Indian from UK.
The people who are protesting are not farmers they're brokers
hence the ( mainly small farmers)  will get no profit...
Why does this guy talk so negatively about modiji.
May God give strength to these farmers to continue to protest till the anti-farmer laws are repealed/taken back.
News channels are insulting farmers. Why you says farmers to Gundas.
This farmers bill 2020 forcefully passed by bjp in rajya Sabha .
Bad decision.ultimately bjp sacrifices interest of overall farmers for sale of pampered rich farmers who cornered  majority map.this is why India will never grow continuously at a higher growth rate like China. This shows that too much democracy is not in interest of nation. Two times majority having party abundance important laws for few rich farmers.
Punjab already has contract farming and ppl r really happy. Govt has just expanded to other states.
Democracy?  Dus the SDM know he eats food produced by farmers anndata !
Police, government, and everyone who are trying to stop the farmers, 
May be punjab has slipped to 13 rank or whatever, but Atleast I , being a punjabi , can proudly say , we still rank high above the rest of india by degree of morality, values and ethics.  
Very nice effortby u guys... Hats off to u.... And waheguru ji may bless the all kisaans & mazdoor.
Cheers for the farmers and their supporters. News channels that tried to give negative image to farmers should publicly apologise since their master have surrendered too
Chalo yaar....this has become a National fight between BJP RSS and farmers of the land. CJI is only talking and Legal system has collapsed. Now public have to fight this battle themselves!!! Kisan Ekta Zindabad.
Has the government banned Mandi system? No. Then why can't the protesting farmers continue the old system. Let both prevail.
We don't need that scripted fuc*ing media. We need this. Thx man. People need to see the reality. Vrna aane vali kisan pidhi...garibi m hi jayegi. Keep it up man. I'm waiting for more videos from there. And ya...my mom said to u all to take care. Be safe man.
Congrats alll farmers ...you save india and democracy too....
You will have to answer for your autrocities to the farmers very soon .
Muslim who r farmers  ? Same as CAA protest...all r their for throwing government..if so then what's the reason to vote and let them make law for India the whole process should stop then ?..and after saying all let me tell u farmers is the reason for this country to progress so we need to help them also but its sad to c india torn apart by some anti india elements and they want to remove modi who is our pm not their's
wow !!! i love secularism. rakesh tikait said one of the greatest secularist words !! 
Today farmers make history, salute our farmers....
Before a farmer can only sell their crop to mandi at some fixed price. Now the farmers can sell their crop to anyone where they can get good revenue in return. Along with the mandis still being maintained. Now the farmers get to chose who to sell their crop.
Almost 90 percent of people from delhi with farmers 
stone pelting? are they joking? theres farmers on both side throwing stones would result in cross fire... and funny thing is if a single person throwing a rock was actually captured in the video this clown media would show it over and over and over again slow motion high lighted.
  Second, The whole world watches and knows that, Delhi Police has blocked roads, not farmers. Although honourable the Supreme Court is in Delhi, still it does not know that, who has blocked road? Then honourable the Supreme Court mistakes.
modi also asked MSP as CM nothing  wrong if farmers ask
BBC's statement that the 3 Farm laws were detrimental to small farmers is a complete #LIE. In fact, it is the reverse. These 3 farm laws were for #improving the income by #small #farmers by allowing them to sell as a cooperative outside the regulated farmer market (called APMC Mandi in India). However, this would have made the large farmers and the middlemen in regulated farmer's markers lose their political clout and the latter were the ones protesting on streets especially in Punjab and Western UP states of India.
Pathetic politicians instigating farmers to indulge in violence
Jay hind Jay Bharat I love my India and proud of pm Modiji is great Pm of India
This bill will empowerment for farmers of India.
So arnoob are you saying that supreme leader modi lost to "khalistani terrorists"?
Farmers bill out 
It is quite certain that Modiji n his Govt shall not do anything which is against the farmers.                  
Godi media ... chatukarita shodo ... investigation lol .. bhut about what exactly happen
Arthiyas can still continue to trade however state government may loose income, so is a perception build that farmers will also loose money.
Deep Sidhu and lakaha sidhana was right becoz when protest was started they both were with farmer no committee was with them . But now defamed  all are them on one basis . I am from Punjab so i know well becoz i see directly . when farmer was on Haryana border no committee was their they and their fews friends help to cross haranya border so i don't think was wrong plz see pervious  news carefully 
So, some Regulation is needed, along with the Strengthing the Infrastructure of Markets, by increasing their Frequency and enabling Small and Marginal Farmers to form their own Societies or Cos. so that Trade Cartels or Big Corporates cannot exploit them.
The problem with these so called  farmer organizations which are reportedly "protesting"  is that they are headed by zamindars who are always up for sale to the highest bidder. Infact in states such as punjab & haryana , only the zamindars have the wherewithal to be elected as representatives - be it sarpanch or for that matter CM.
Sir u didn't talk about MSP Leakages  How much amount of money to middle men elite farmer why only Punjab  ?  lets see the implementation after 2-3 year then compare the previous and present situation? U r Just doing speculation This was same thing before LPG reform everyone was against it  But now Situation is completely changed
Happy  ghar vapsi  to kisan. Now they think that their farms are no longer in danger of being taken over by the power full people they can all carry on farming without anticipating  any improvement in their living style. Carry on with old ways farming. Good luck to all of you . Your leaders are now in hurry to fight election in Punjab,Utar pardesh. Hence they have left you in hurry. Now they want to win in state election.  So good by to all of you !!
Hi Shekhar what about small scale farmers  how can they bargain with corporates.How would corporates helps in bringing required diversity?won't it take back farmers back to landlord system?
It mean pakistan is that much competent to defeat india and USA in Afghanistan? 
Thanks modiji for that speech to take back farm laws
India not only needs a stable gov like bjp at the centre but also a good sensible opposition
Na sirf punjab and haryane ka marketing system best h world me, PUNJAB HARYANA hi best h world me
farmers defeat the fascist Modi.
When farmers have freedom to sell at price they want, and at any place they want to sell, why farmers are still protesting?
Jawan & Kisan his my Hero , I always in support , Ye 5sali Donggiii ayege aur jayege...
Very weird kind of voting system. Chairperson should be neutral. What is the need of debate after having repealed the law ? Why law is being repealed that should be discussed before repealing it. What's the way India going ?
Farmers should fight for decent pension and universal income too... they are souls of the nation not mere voters...
And why our PM repealed these laws just before elections and no mention of 700+ farmers who died protesting.
Farmers are the mainstream for future India....
They are farmer's not criminal... Respect theem
Truth is that unless and until the Hindus enter the streets... their voice will not be heard in India.. Whether its BJP or congress or something else. Ram Mandir is there just because few brave Hindus decided to enter the streets and dismantle the structure built over Ram Lalla
Good Act by Government for farmers
Thank  you Modi you close Punjab and haryana people together
BJP are trying very hard to become unpopular in Haryana. 
Is it a real protests of farmers?????
Shame on BJP... support farmers
"If you ever sniffed the dust you wouldn't do that to us." Word's of a farmer. 
Very upset with this show, I liked this show a lot but I can see that saurabh is conflicting his own statement over farm Bill, I watch all video  , in old video he explained why he will support farm Bill now he is against all the point, what happened sir how much fund you got to change your statement, very pathetic and disappointed " ab ye show news nahi propaganda chala raha hai" beware of him guys.
Me being a farmer's son would like to say, "Had been Swaminathan committee recommendations implemented, we would not have come to cities". 
Farmers will create new History...
Anything Americans can do to support the farmers?
But , actually farmers anticipated  their future and outcomes in laws.
Our farmers, our heroes like our brave Indian Army soldiers have proved their mettle. They are simply unstoppable when their just rights are trampled upon.
Assauddin waysi is a taleban leader and Taliban sister organisation AIIAM India so ban this organisation
Rakesh tikait the legend of india
This is amazing . This is difficult times for all of us. This needs to be seen by everyone .thank you Harp farmer.
Who are that 119 disliked people ?  If we won't support our farmers we don't have love on India
Marre Gaye Kisano ke Gharwalo ko 45 Lakh Cash & One Government Job But What About the Other 4 BJP Workers & 1 Journalist, Jinko Peet Peet ke Lynching Karke Mar diya.. No Help.. Please  ye Mudda Uthayiye.. Inko Bhi Arthik Madad Milni Chahiye
This is not the victory of Punjabi farmers, its a victory of old ways of farming and old ways market. I usually don't agree with India's policy but this was something which would have thrived the Indian economy, Our Villages and the ways of our farmer sell their agricultural produce but this has showed something that farmers don't trust the regulatory bodies and private entities.
These farmers are fighting against fascism named modi.
India should stop trade to Afghanistan. Because India still says Taliban are terrorist. So how can you carry on trade with terrorist????
The whole story is not shown here, why are you doing like this quint. They look like Khalistanis not farmers.
Most of indian farmers dont go through the mandi system.most of indian farmers dont get MSP today.problems being faced are from a system already dependent on market.people coming up with these policies are a bit divorced from ground realities.and if this is so good for everyone why the rush? What happens to federalism when you push through legislation like this( merits and demerits of the policy aside).the centre is pshyological construct.the states are a reality who invest in that idea of a centre.if centre takes this way of functioning it is a matter of time the states start pulling away that investment.
India will never ever grow or advance under democracy.....good luck stay poor farmers
parliament. But protesting farmers unions change stand after dec 9th and want full
Where were you  Tikait  before  70 years  or before  honorable  Yogi ji and Modi ji
These misguided farmers actually think so.
You said it right there in the beginning of the video ... "Farm laws are by en-large mostly beneficial to the farmers",   People hate changes and yet they want changes.
Farmers are right. There are tons laws  aginst fraud, corruption,murder,rape. There are laws for not following laws. But how many of these are actually implemented ? How can farmers believe they can fight against giant companies in courts or tribunals for years and years???
"Indias agriculture laws have potential to increase farm income"
Government is not responsible for The farmers who lost their lives
I am from Tamil Nadu I love the farmers of Indian soil Farmers are the source of this country I do not know the language but I can understand those feelings
Parliament of Punjab wtf? Com on? I support few of farmers demands but what is that?
Tikait and duplicate farmer's are responsible of  farmers death' jai Hind
Farmers are done this for their future  generation.... Congratulations farmer ....Sorry Godi media and adani-ambani
11)If companies or consumer sell the goods with more than 70% profit of the buying cost then atleast 20% of the profit should provide to farmers in back. 
The fundamental problem lies in the way Modi brought these reforms : No winning the national debate on farm laws before bringing such laws, No " boots on ground" i.e. no Street power to back Reforms, Incapacity of Indian State to implement laws , including overall law & order. Modi should have learnt from his Land Reforms setback. Agricultural Reforms are done and dusted for next 10-15 years now. I myself from Jat Sikh farming family in Punjab. Supported farm reforms wholeheartedly. Its been a textbook case of subversion of truth and society by vested interests and forces hostile to India's progress - especially leftist clique, middlemen and jat zamindars.
Everyone is talking about bollywood and kangana ranaut but no one will take stand for farmers.
3 new farm bills for Adani & Ambani not for poor farmers
Those unaware people who are shitting  here should know this law is not only  for Punjab but for rest of India
And these types of bills will continue to be passed until people of India get out to vote and most importantly when EVM is taken out, every developed country has banned the use of EVM. SC of Germany even ruled EVM as unconstitutional.
Also this agitation has put economical strain over already cash strapped farmers. BJP played cheap politics over farmers lives.
I support farm laws. Anti-farm law protests are middlemen protests, so they are itself anti-farmer. Period.
If these are not farmer, you are not reporter. Show some honesty
Secondly msp is only given on most rice and wheat predominantly grown in North India like up punjab and haraya which the bill abolish. 
Robust farmer organization is only solution(in nutshell there is no simple solution to the problems of farmer).
Farmers-0(since independence)
While you are right that any law should be made in consultation with the farmers, isn't it government duty to protect underprivileged? It may be appalling to hear one is uneducated, but the level of literacy in Indian farmers is considerably low, isn't that a fact as per census data collection? If the current system is working so well, how can you explain no of suicides by farmers? 
Bloody politically motivated move. Only Punjab farmers have a problem and are marching like idiots in huge numbers at the time of a pandemic.
Oh come on ! Its not farmers' winning but Mota bhai's new agenda for something big
First of all this is not modi's farm bill it is represented  by government of india
No arrested yet, and no arrest will ever take place and no justice to the family of the deceased farmers
Shame on press ABP news sold out godi media
Mixing hathras rape in farmers protest is deviating from mob lynchings..
More over coming to farmers, remember the people or troops who were in opposition of this farm law before going happy, this are the termites of 4th generation war where people fight against internally.
Those who understand cold chain knows that this is the only future. It's similar to the way that right now air India is sold back to Tata, Indian govt. meddled in many things during 20th century which they shouldn't have meddled with this is one of those thing, APMC just did one thing that's to improve life of few farmers from a specific state.. 
2. These bills were implemented in Bihar and farmers from Bihar go to Punjab to work in fields as labourers. Aapne bola ke APMC mein trader price maker hai. But wo to is mein bhi hai. Toh fir change kyaa hua? Is time Punjab mein dhaan ki fasl ka price around 1800 rupees per quintal whereas in Bihar, where similar structure is implemented, the farmers sell their dhaan at 950 rupees per quintal. So, how is this helping?
So akali dal  untie the alliance  with NDA IF YOU ARE NOT ANTI FARMER UNTIE KNOTS WITH NDA OTHERWISE IT LOOK LIKE YOU ARE FAKE
From being forced to sell to a monopoly, to anywhere who offers them a better deal - it will improve farmer returns long term.
Farm laws repealed!!! 
The farmer you see draped in the flag was claimed to be shot dead by the police. Later they released a grainy footage via some cctv camera claiming innocence. But they hid the fact that they had taken away the cctv from the premises where the shots were fired from. That footage is still missing. Even the post mortem doctor told the relatives of the farmer that the injuries were consistent with bullet wounds. .. but that they couldnt put their findings in writing and on record for obvious reasons.
Modi ji please make a strategy by implying these laws in a new bill. It shouldn't be direct, it should be hidden in facade statements.
Before rejoicing or dissing the volte-face Farm Bill repeal we could do no worse than not examining who or what might stand to reap the maximum benefit from all these creative hullabaloos.
I am resident of Delhi. I have seen how systematically farmers have followed their protests since 2 months. There are some local bjp people who are against farmers. Tv channels are hiding ground level reality.
Pakistani media spread false statement that the national  flag is removed from pillar and khalistan flag is hoisted but the truth is that they hoist nishan sahib flag in another pillar beside our national flag . A rumour is spreading from Pakistani side to divide India .
there are many loop holes present in new farm bills to exploit farners, Farmers are also in favour of agri reforms but they need minimum priced fixed whether its Private buyer or Government itself..
Farmers have the right to protest as long do not disturb other pple activity  request MODI govt.will do sumthing to help this farmers demand our daily food is from farmers all of us should give respect to farmers
Modi is CEO of Adani Group , he doesnt know India social fabric.
Will you Cover today's incident (26/1/2021) while the tractor March? Cover it if you have guts who were all those who attacked on police and army literally uun logo ne police pa tractor chalane ki koshish ki
farmer are very hard worker they do not let down modi have do back and farmer make history.
I support Farmers
The bill was intended for a greater good and for letting farmers get their fair bit of share by open sales and not restricted to mandis. A kind of win - win situation. However the fear is, the gaint companies who will offer to buy their goods are going to impose laws and regulations which will go against the common good of farmers and eventually they will start losing their inheritance on their assets. Moreover the law will allow third party mass buyers to decide the rate and in due competence farmers will be compelled to sell at lower price than their profitable prices. Even i thought bill was good..later on hearing multiple agendas and possibilities i reside against it.
Farmer disputes (market prices, contract farming etc) matters cant taken up by the court. Only up to SDM. Seriously? So basically farmers have to rely on corrupt SDMs to solve their matters with corporations like adani & ambani.
Adutha criminal plain da Punjab farmers total india farmers appu da ready modified modi transformer of seed free to farmers and urias seed with animals disease virus urias with extreme chemicals the Amanda modi da
Farmers should have the right to fix the price himself
Even i was with the farmers till december with all my heart but when the protest gone violent we really hate the punjabi farmers
From your video it is evident that these bills are advantageous to farmers.. Then why farmers of punjab and haryana are protesting.. These bills are for their own good then what makes them oppose these decisions??
What can we expect from you Ravish ji....koi bhi ghatna hoo apka Modi virodh toh pakka hai....tod marod ke ghuma firake aap wahi pe aajate hai...
Long live Indians farmer...! Jai Bharat
I fell very ashamed that thiss tyoe of problems. Our live giver( farmers) are fasing this problem shamed to be educated citizen my education is nothing if i don't support our kissans
Shame on the POLICE who's WORK is to stop CRIME is stopping Farmers and then calling it LAW.
Change for good is so hard to  implement in India because of misleading politicians of opposition party . shame on Indian opposition party .I am a proud farmer .shame on opposition and shame on idiots who supportive of stopping these reforms.
Congratulations to punjab and UP farmer.  Rest country not bothered about that
One year of protest on the roads during a COVID pandemic and THEN the worlds biggest democracy chooses to repeal the 3 farm bills 
What will happen once the mandis are closed and farmer sell at high price to corporate. After 2-3years there will be no mandis, corporate will only buy for cheap price as farmers has no option
It's easy to support Taliban and sharia law while sitting in a free country.
punjab's so called poor farmers are either mislead or they are afraid that they wont be able to exploit farmers by manipulating prices and sell those crops at higher prices in the trucks they are living in.
Shameful in democratic india . Supreme court of india take action  and thanks BBC world media
After this setback, it is highly unlikely that the Modi govt would be doing any reforms before the 2024 elections. Its times like these that you wonder, does China have better political system than ours?
im a little kid, I am a sikh ,I support  farmers. How will they live without food? 
Jai javan jai kisaan....  A big win win for indian and india's democracy thank you farmers....
Yesterday when rahul Gandhi spoke about the compensation for farmer's immediately government sent the proposal for farmers agreeing to pay the compensation
To be honest I think this victory of Taliban in Afghanistan would hav in bolden the Pakistan Taliban but if they try something in the same lines as what there counter breathrens did next door  I believe they will get Shock of there lives! The Pakistan military isn't a 300000 force like as next door, plus it has 1 of the biggest airforce in the world, they might try something first but I honestly believe that the Pakistan military will it & them off 4 good!
All farmers are united n only Punjab farmers are targeted for leading the agitations n the way they pushed aside the barriers is clearly suggestive of genuineness of their concerns.
Even Arun Jaitley Opposes these farm bills and also MODI asked for MSP. When they were not in power. 
Yogi is yogi everyone who lives in India FOR THAM RESPONSIBLE PERSON IS YOGI ADITYANAATH . Please go to him if you have any problem he will find solutions now Indian entire political agenda changed by some greedy people who love Sonia never want to be Gandhi  but people of India 80% population support BJP& RSS all hater of you still want to join us you will go through strong  it is my appeal that no true Indian is freed until Sonia fake Gandhi go back Italy or until her death
Shame on indian media
Adani group already started construction of huge godawns in Haryana to collect agriculture produce. Now we will eat as per their choice and price.
If sp. Rld. Congress joint to form a government in u p then tikait baba is next president of india
Thank God....Praise  the Lord for making our farmers stand for our nation. Victory for our farmers in Jesus' name.
On this Republic Day of my motherland, I salute the Brave farmers, the unsaluted warriors of the land. Victory to Farmers. Love and respects from Kerala.
I SUPPORT THE FARMERS OF INDIA DEMANDS !!!!
The ones that did the violence are not farmers.
I support farmers 
They say the law is to support and help the farmers. But we farmers do not want this law to be enforced. So for whom  Modi government working and trying to enforce the law... ??? Hope the hardest heart (Modi, Amith sha) will melt... 
are they really farmers because i also a son of farmer from east UP (please ... i did not belong to any political party or some IT cell)  as per my knowledge  the whole people as i know say that this is some kind of propaganda running  like CAA NRC . actually his protest have nothing to do with farmer . any one here can tell section wise .. which section is not good for farmer
Tikait is not fool like you. Do you think he will say what you want him to say. Ask some sensible questions. All decisions are taken by kisan sangathan. Protest is all over India but concentration is at the borders. As he said all ststes keep organising protests. Farmers are poor and all of them cant come to delhi.
Excellent support farmers cause irrespective weather you are farmer / mazdoor or not for their just demands .God bless Farmers & Majdoors
Thanks to NDTV to stand with farmers
I love my Punjabi farmers !! God will see you through.
1st it became Khalistan movement as we had seen redfort, indian flag was removed,
India will never develop ,  what is the use of bjp winning majority.
What about Home Minister Amit Shah all along been adamant saying that "Come what may there is no question of taking back the 3 Farm Bills"  PM Modi's sudden U turn and announcing repeal of the 3 Farm Bills.  Is it on national interest or on Punjab and U P elections interest?
OMG ! Pardon me for voting BJP in previous elections on the behest of Badal.
Totally inhumane..... People still don't want to understand, they r just chanting modi modi... .and it is very painful that media of our country don't want to show reality..
All chanting yogi and modi here should understand if these guys looked at common man lpg, petrol, food prices etc .. sirf chu*** bana rahein hain.
Security for farmers? What security? Why not show the figures that the farmers spent for the protest?
they will never allow the country to prosper N farmers to grow
Major concern of farmers is that gradually govt will stop buying their produce and they have to suffer current situation (Private buying at APMCs) of selling their produce at loss in Private Market also. And their concern is genuine. A legalised MSP will safeguard farmers interest and governments promises of better rates in private market which are being propagated by this bill.
Thanks for showing our farmers news , bcz our mainstream media totally ignoring farmers struggles
Removing of MSP will effect farmers big time because they will lose their sure income from 2 crops wheat and rice. 
Long Live, the INDIAN FARMERS
Please show how india treating their farmers 
If the farmers can utilise the good factors properly it is v.fine.   but my question is why the govt. Got it passed without having proper session of thorough discussion in parliament? .
Even if the intentions of the government are good, in the future, lets say after 5 or 10 years the rich corporates might start taking benefits and leave the farmers hanging in the middle.
By-election defeat in HP and Rajasthan resulted in this decision. If BJP loses in UP then petrol diesel prices will be back to UPA era rates!
I support the farmers. There is a vital  difference in the statement of BJP leaders & their practical performance on the ground level. They & officers in their ruling states are unresponsive against offence followed by corruption despite written request with evidence. Hence they are liable to be rejected for ruling in future.
This was meant to be a peaceful and farmers protest. How did religion and chaos take over this cause?
As usual Vox presenting conjecture to thrive its ideologue. None of the three laws can be ascertained as loss making or detrimental for farmers. There is no guarantee in life, similarly, there is no guarantee that these laws may not be loss makign for farmers. These laws promote free trade by setting up Minimum Support Price (MSP) by removing mediator and giving farmers more power to sell their produce to anybody that they want. Contract farming is an agreement between two parties just like any other agreement where nobody is supposed to break the contract. If farmers feel they dont want to get in to a contract then they may not, nobody is forcing them.
Can we differentiate farmers and trouble maker???@abhi and niyu
More than 4 lakh farmers cometed suicide in past 20 years. 
Actually main victims of these Farm acts are the States. But States are silently passing resolutions ratifying the Acts. GST was also ratified by States without opposing them. GST took away the right to Taxation on Sale of goods and services from States. The loss is compensated by the States by imposing usurious taxation on sale of  Petrol, Diesel and Liquor. And debates are going on about the loss of income to States because of ensuing closure of APMCs. But fact is that State govts collect taxes from farmers. State Govts' Land Revenue department collects taxes. That is why State Govt officials are called Revenue officials and district head is called Collector, Collector of Land Revenue. This revenue not only meets Salary bill of Land Revenue dept but also cater to the developmental expenditures of the States. When this farming is converted into Trading industry States cannot tax them. Because corporates pay taxes to Central Government under GST. Then how can State governments meet its Salary bills and other needs? States would become dependent on Center even to pay Salaries to its employees. We have to wait and see any new taxes are on the anvil from State governments.
I m so happy that scoop hoop and few other digital media outlets exists. I was never ashamed of anything about my country except the loons like republic tv AajTak abp India tv  zee news etc etc . I mean they are stooped down to a level where even Pakistan media feels better . They have lost the true sense of journalism. But in you guys I see the light at the end of the tunnel. This is what is called True journalism . love and respect to you guys . And your commitment shows in the fact that you stayed their up until 11:00. We can feel the dedication and hard work behind that cute laugh
My heart with all the families of the farmers who lost the lives of the elderly members of their families....
Only select the leaders, MP, or MLA who have family, so that they will understand the pain of losing A family members. Yogi and Modi never understand this pain and public has to suffer for their own act of supporting BJP Modi and Yogiji.
I do not understand why farmers are being dragged in caste politics... Farmers are occupation based community.
I would had also cleared all the roadblocks these so called farmers have made....
Demonetization and GST were implemented when elections were around the corner. BJP s chances in Punjab is slim but all other 4 states they are expected to get majority. Not sure how this decision is based solely on elections in mind.
7. Who Is they ? ITS proxy war..its not farmer CONG agents
Rakesh tiket is a biggest leader in farmer's community
1. MSP procurement by government benefits only the states of Punjab and Haryana. Government wants to open more avenue of sale purchase and discontinue MSP procurement since it's huge burden on economy and favouring only few states. Also crops being procured by government on MSP is through revenue generated by government from taxes of various kinds and the crops are not fully sold/consumed by the government.
I have watched so many videos on this, but by far, this is the best explanation for all three farm bills. Kudos!
MSP has become Maximum Sales Price instead of Minimum Support Price
Modi blind supporters secretly stalking the comment section end up getting depression .
It  my request to the people in panjab to continue supporting ajit sir ji and his channel to encourage him to continue doing  good for the farmers. We should appreciate his true journalism. Salute to sir ji 
Modi is just using his fanatical Hindus to keep Hindus together in a short time and look combative and organized against his Indian counterparts. Modi is facing not only turbaned farmers, but also the landlord class, a plethora of domestic opposition parties and foreign NGOs that are sending rice and food, and a year's worth of COVID-19.
Over 140 farmers martyred in just 2 months and government didn't uttered a word. 
I was in favor of farmers till now.. now I  regret, I was wrong.
I never understand that when traders can go for collective bargaining power.. why can't farmers have the same by making cooperative unions...
Why ,In Progressive state like Maharashtra; the farmers r not part of agitation?
2:20 I would like to point out that the Govt will not need to take out the APMC brick by brick. Sir the issue here is that the corporates have a certain financial backing with which they can provide a price slightly hire than APMC for a couple of years (3-4  years lets assume). Farmers will therefore sell to these corporates at higher prices and no procurement will occur through mandis. This will effectively drain the mandis of the mandi tax and mandis will eventually fall into ruins by themselves. In the 5th year when the corporate silos will be already full due to excess procurement in the previous years ( farm production of wheat, paddy has always been greater than consumption for many years now), the corporates may choose not to buy at all or buy at very lower prices, and the option of mandis at that point in time may not be available at all. I hope this gets the point across
Thank you BBC for covering this. Its so important to support EVERYONE in agriculture and farming. Respect their wishes if they are the ones growing your food! Theyve already suffered from cancer and disease brought on by all the mandatory pesticides that are overpriced and FORCED to pay out of their own pocket!!! If they are trying to keep up with the rest of the world and the regulations the GOVERNMENT SHOULD PAY NOT THE FARMERS
What about that farmers who died in protest 
Do not Trust on master deceiver, Maafivirs and their deceived blind worshipers .....Keep it up ..Praying for you farmer Brothers...Stay Blessed always
All Indians should stand wid farmers now..#standwithfarmers
The nation is in solidarity with farmers. Just surprised that, why PM has organized his tour to Pune, than addressing Farmers as his first priority.
This is wrong what's bjp doing now. Our farmers can't be beatan like this.
Support indian farmers 
Police why you stop this is not India modi no come in the andhloan they need go please no stop same on modi no come in the andhloan
*Swarajya has 0 knowledge of farm bills*
Edit : There are about 100M-150M farmers in India and a mere of  50000 are protesting that too from a specific state, Where the issue of Khalistan had been hot for a long time. Doesn't it seems suspicious?
Most of the farmers even don't know 
Punjab farmers had done a wonderful job in the initial years of the Green Revolution but gradually , massive subsidies , no income tax and MSP, free electricity , wrong entries of Khud Kasht- Actual Tiller status in Revenue records by corrupt Patwaris etc ,.turned these once hard working farmers into super middleman and brokers for small farmers / Artiyas - a sort capitalist -absentee land lordship exploitative form of functioning . . New farm laws gave small farmers to an opportunity become independent .
The only video that cleared my all doubts regarding farmer's bill  tysm sir
Farmers should invest in risk insurance policies : say the weather patterns predict the harsh winter or summer, instead of blaming god , how about predict the weather patterns and not cultivate crops sensitive to harsh climate.
Let all those, who talked of intolerance in India, should leave for sharia ruling and enjoy Taliban hospitality !!!
These farmers has forgotten the Flag that they have raised on Red fort.
Mr Modi has been arm twisting all Indians for about 7 years and thank God our great farmers jointly brought him to his knees. Our prayers are with the families who lost their members 
The original plan, it seems, was to harm the minister and his son by so-called Farmers. But the original planners ended up killing others in cold blood. The idea is to create chaos in UP to discredit the BJP govt. The  extreme lust for power of those who are now in Opposition makes them  do these awfully SINFUL things.
Joint Kisan Morcha should keep the condition that tikait should be made p.m. of the country and Kisan leaders should be made ministers.
Doctorsab, you are a genius.  What ever you discussed in this video is absolutely correct and real.  I being a Post-graduate in Agriculture and a retired Banker who has spent my entire career in rural service, fully agree with you.  Middlemen are exploiting the farmers. We farmers need only three thing 1) Irrigation facility  2)Un-interrupted power supply and most important 3)Correct price for our produce.  Government is spending so much on subsidies, freebees, loan waiver and so on which will not reach the real hard working farmers.  Very good analysis. Hats off to you.
In short, if mandi gives a better price, then farmer will sell in APMC and it will not collapse. But if private player offers better price, then why farmer will go to  APMC? it is useless.
I support  farmers & stand with protest and against government policies
It was NOT violence - it was MIRDER by BJp who ran their vehicles from the back while farmers were leaving the protest PEACEFULLY
Farmers and selective Billing , in Punjab , of Electricity charges on 
opposition is protesting great , but these are funded by uk , usa so that indian gov would follow their order and become dependent on them , plz make a video highlighting uk , usa playing with internal matter of india so that india never grow up and india will have weak and unstable gov, these usa human rights show horrible index coz, modi is strong leader , Indra grandhi was also strong leader so nehru was , but to defame india , kashmir issue pop , that time , at time of indra gandhi , khalistan movement pop
Zee news shame to India
We are supporting our farmers
Those who are protesting as farmers... Please have a look at Rakesh Tikaeit. This man is using you for his own political benifit. Till yesterday Nihangs are farmers now they are not necessary. This man is an absolute goon. He can do anything for his own political benifits. Why Supreme Court is silent? Why not intervening in the situation..
Farmers need 
farmers should get their rights in sha allah ......i support to mmmy country farmer
Its not gift .. it is what farmer returned back that was given by govt .. Justice delayed justice denied
I will ask bjp to take strictly actions on this kissan andolan. Tikait is a devil. After seeing the video I feel central government should took strictly with these so called kisan
Yes, Farm bills need to be amended rather than scrapped, if every farmer in Indian is to benefit from Agricultural laws. Otherwise, the system will remain entirely under the control of PB and HR and decimate other major farming states like UP, AP, BR, TN and WB. 
PM Modi should not repeal 3 farm laws
Finished finished.finished Rakesh Tiket. Unlimited crossed and over from our India democracy  Now  Rakesh Tiket thinking that he is very   Talented.
2. If government passing this bill for helping the farmers then why government isn't listening them?
As well as farmers right
Honble UPA Chairperson Smt Soniagandhi madum please fight for to implement Ballot Paper voting system in next MP elections in 2024and to save democracy in india and public opinion in favour of Ballot Paper voting system and right to vote is fundamental right.public opinion is foundation of democracy
8. All want farm reforms. Punjab and Haryana farmers unions want to repeal
Gov should listen farmers Ram ram
Long Live Farmers.
Yea yeasea raJneta hea jo apni party ki bareamea sochte hea.  Koi kisan ki bareamea neahi sochta ...bjp jo koutha seahi tha ....
Now AP&TG farmers will suffer because of Punjab. The decision must be given to states to repeal or continue farm laws.
Reading many comments about diversification of crops etc etc by flower pot and seasonal agriculturist. We need to get facts straight, farmers not only in. Punjab but India are yearning for reforms, but provided they are with due consultation and not forcefully pushed through the house. While the Laws are right in silos but inaccurate in entirety.
Farmers are terrorist? All I see is old people being beaten up by young police officers. Shame on them!  Hope the farmers win! Best of luck  
Election jeet jana hi.. maqsad he babu bhaiya.. weather it is congress or BJP
In the future farmers of Punjab, Haryana and UP will be blamed for the farmer suicides in other states.
Im sure they have some ammendments in their minds regarding the farmer bills, but this is just ridiculous
India in deep trouble, human rights are being violated *Farmers are unhappy*
Farmers must be given health support money even if they are healthy after age 65 in India of at least 6-9k a month, if they do farming for longer.
After 1 year passed of the bill, now I clearly understood the bill, I'm a farmers son, now I'm gonna explain this to more...
JAI Ho MODIJI GOVT team'
You are just YouTube. But keep yourself in kirsaan shoes. Than you relished how to hard to work Im filled.please understand farmers problem with this 3 laws than you feel good.
More video on farmers support  pleased
Problem faced by farmers- 
Ye farmer Nahi he...yeh log Congress Worker he
Chowkidaar's countdown has begun now. His jealousy of Yogiji's rising stature is evident now
Farmer power
If farm price should be market regulated then subsidy on food is unethical. Whole system will demolish.
20% farmer opposing 80% supporting this bill let that sink in
Thank god, finally a video from your channel which raises Farmers concern. Thank You Sir
Do we really deserve Democracy and a leader like Modiji....Shame on us ... Can't We ever rise above politics.. Bloody Idiots... Unless Congress and The likes Are completely destroyed...we can't expect any reforms in our country Jai Hind..
Sir  rhe next topic we want is Pakistan and Taliban weapon deal and the new corona varient 
Why tikait is continuing the agitation.I doubt about his integrity and he should be brought under the  scanner of NIA to find about links with terrorist groups which would helps to know which political parties instigating the violences
#FarmersWon 
Thanks a lots for true picture of tractor rally. God bless u
I guess some farmers are going to keep the rest of the Farmers of the Country poor. Very disappointed in PM Modiji.
This same thing happened when  the privatization of electricity in 2002 takes place but we almost increased our capacity to produced electricity 4 times after privatization of this sector. The  protest also happened when the liberalization of indian economy takes place, but we know how it helps to uplift India economy ,now it time to liberalize farming sector whether people like it or not. But those who know little bit about economy knows that these law definitely improve the condition of farmers especially  the farmers of Bihar, UP, Bengal who have most fartile land but due to the government policy's they are poor. Punjab just afraid of not getting cheap labour from these states because after this law the farmers of these state become more phosphorus.
These gentleman is simply trying to develop anti Modi , ant BJP sentiment among listeners. He has no concrete argument except the panwala type " i believe that....  ".
Cant u use polite word   for farmer  and u just tryin to make it worst
Prove me wrong but I feel these farm laws would actually benefit the farmers in the log run.
Proud to be a farmer's son. Congratulations to all my fellow Indians we have won, but the fight is still on untill the country becomes free from the clutches of fascist government and their corporate friends.
When you are dealing with a FAKE govt built on lies top to bottom this is sure to happen. My salute and support always with farmers. And I strongly believe justice will finally be served. Fakes can only delay it with their diversions.  Full support to farmers 
Dear Dhruv please do not make concocted videos. Either you confirm the news and then make the video. Give me 10 points where farm laws are against farmers and if you have any point then please let us know.
Ravish Kumar the great man original PatrCar.Zindabad. you are right sar %
The criminals who spoiled India's Republic Day Celebrations. Real Farmer's are Happily working in their farm's.
Godi media murdabaad... BBC murdabaad.. Kisan were murdered u said  it was a accident.. It was preplanned
How rakesh tikayat is a farmar ?
Punjabi Farmers will not let any government implement this bill in their state!
I think farmer deserve the best treatment... Not like this treatment.... I think next time all the farmers should bring all the cattles with them cuz no citizen are determined to support.. supporting farmer is supporting urself.
Farmers have been violating law, 
I fully support this decision farmers know what is good or bad for them jai kisan
harrassing the farmers will cost the bjp government one day
Only then the corporates shall indulge in exploitation of farmers and the consumers.
When you get fix income by doing the same thing, why change. Privileges are hard to get rid off. At the end of the farmers are also human beings.
I am damn sure 90% of the comments section don't know the laws... Why only Punjab and haryana farmers not the other states
Oh my God   I am  crying  pls save our farmers. This cold weather  water canyon. No humanity
Huge respect for farmers.
Finally..... Kcuf these fake farmers
Our great PM is looking after the farmers for their welfare...but would request the PM to look after the senior citizens too..since long they r requesting the HM n PM to increase the EPFO pension for the senior citizens too so that they could also spend the rest of their life peacfully....pls forward this request..
The police should feel shame they are using stick on that person who fill there stomach they are age of there fathers respect  the farmers . No farmer no food .
Just look at modi , it your prime minister who is apologizing , just look it  the biggest reason to support him . BJP atleast takes responsibility of the decision instead of blaming. This what's prime minister of biggest democracy looks like . 
Hope GOI will work on the ground and tell the importance of these bills to the people standing at the last rung. One thing GoI can do is that it should paas these bills for few district of a certain state and project that region as a model for rest of the country, so that it will be easier for the countrymen to understand the importance of farms bills.
In this budget there is nothing that could help in increasing the farmers income.
Rakesh tikait is himself a big anda so he has no moral  right to give anda to others. Moreover he is self proclaimed Acconomist  who thinks that everyone else is duffer and he is only knowledgeable person on the earth.
THESE BILLS ARE MUST IF WE WANT OUR FARMER BREHTREN TO RISE OUT OF THE EXPLOITATION THEY WERE SUFFERING FOR THE PAST 70 YEARS. BUT ALSO PROPER ADDRESSING OF THE LOOPHOLES SHOULD BE DONE.
Real objection raised by Rakesh Tikait, we salute to him. Request all people to be objected with such media.
Minimum support price is answer.
Jay  Anndata Jay Kisan Devta.SKM Zindabad.I am proud of my Tiger farmers.They all are great.I salute all of them.
The farm laws must be abolished. The laws are for the corporation not for the farmers
When farmers are more smart then dumb celebrities of India
Taket is most corrupt Farmer in India. Don't know why Aaj Tak is inviting theses kids of people.
In India Physically Handicapped pay Income Tax where as Rich / Super Rich Farmers do not.
If farmers  don't want the law, why  Modi is forcing?
Support Farmer from Pakistan
Farmer: "My roof leaks when it rains"
The ones who are against the farmers are the ones who are also against food. The ones against farmers' protest are illiterate. Please think before you speak. If you ate today thank a farmer. #istandwithfarmers#kisanektazindabaad
Iam a supporter of Modi and feel so bad for the same Bcas of someone pressure
This guy is so far removed from the farmers concerns - in my opinion (humble) he is another voice for the government.
Now they are showing disrespectful about our national flag . Shamefully  farmers
Jasveer singh a poor farmer died due to brain hammoerage due to laathi charge has died very painfully.            l      
Respect and support farmers they protesting a long day peacefully police and government is making this vulnerable.
Dude!!! You didnt explain the fact at all!!! The reason Punjab and Haryana is coming on front because 2% producing 35-40% of what common person of india eats. These states are rich because food is purchased at price, pesticides, urea, water bill, electric bill prices went up almost 100% in last 20 years where price of crop went up only 12%. And now with this bill they want private companies to decide what they want to pay and if they want to buy or not? So who will be responsible for food drainage? Loss of payments etc.
At the end of the video, one of the panel experts recommended organic farming which has been covered and debated extensively about...The conclusion is it is unproven, snob-ish, won't help at all at increasing yields if not make it even worse...So the govt should NOT at any cost incentivize that...We should instead focus on tech that regulates and directs an ample amount of nutrition directly at the grassroots of the crops so that we minimize exploitation and save money for both govt and farmers
Brave leader we are with you priyanka ji we are with farmers!
make a video on why farmers are asking for MSP legal guarantee bill .... #digitalmovies07 movies review channel
What does a cricket player know?;-) No doubt Pakistan has been aiding the Taliban for many years..
Sir, this is very depressing situation, Modi is failing us, I started taking depression pills, Modi is trying to become champion of secularism. This is really very sad. Modi is not winning 2024, and there will be non-BJP govt in 2024, I bet
Rakesh tikat is just another expension of bjp
Sadly  they are doing everything for their own benefit not for our farmers
we have to support our farmers
Still he is blaming farmers that they disregarded such an honest decesion of krishi Qanoon
Can't farmers already sell their produce to consumers directly?
Too much dirty politics from Congress nd Rakesh Tikait demolishes value of Indian Parliament.
Amarinder jeet gaya election ab . Politics hai ye ayega toh modi hi.
This sense of belonging and community is called being Indian. This is how this nation was built at the first place. We owe to our farmers. It should not be just them standing against the Water Cannons and Tear shells, The more we stay at our homes with our conveniences, the more 'We the people' are doing injustice to our farmers.
The farm laws were  good for the small farmers and hurt the middleman and corruption.
Bhakts fighting in the comment section. You all truly believe that they are khalistanis even after 10 months of protest in the states UP,HARYANA, PANJAB,RAJASTHAN. Parents ne paise waste krdiye inn bhakto ki padhaayi me kyuki seekha to kuch nhi siwaay blindly follow krne k.
You don't even know how these law will exploits farmers by corporate
THESE ARE NOT FARMERS FOR SURE
4) The law says that any one can store the rice , wheat , pulses and the vegetables which can be stored for long time, without any limitations. If this happens , then the rich companies can have the power on deciding prices which will increase the prices. Basic knowledge, if they hold the food commodities in large quantities, Then there would be shortage of supply. Then the people who has this commodities will control the prices.
Pakistan and china funding these protests using punjab ruling congress party
Shameless government,you,me,farmers are fools ????Hahaha hahaha hahaha.
We are grateful to have you as a journalist...voice of people..... Unlike godi media
Good job keep it up. Thanks to everyone sport for farmers. God bless everyone. 
Why? You better bring it back with another policy. C'mon man, I loved you for this. Farmers needed this. Tikait won. Congi-librus and pseudo-communists won.
Well done hindu and sikh farmers 
This is a slap on the face of every person who argued for the farm laws. It is a slap on the face of all the policemen who were thrown of the moats of Red Fort. And for every BJP supporter out there, just remember, you are next, you will be thrown under the bus whenever this government requires it. Politics and power are more important for them than the nation and reforms. Even the Congress rewarded and took care of it's supporters, while these inferiority complex ridden jokers are more concerned about their image and what their critics think about them.
I believe govt is responsible not solving the issue making them to wait from along time same time we should respect our law and order please do peaceful rally don't harm police or anything and I my humble request  to govt to resolve this  issue and talk to farmers and slove even there family members are waiting from a long time
Modi ji why you are unable to control this antinational tikait
2. Discontinued the process of dialogue with the agitating farmers by Govt, though it said it is only a phone call away. Had the dialogue process continued, an amicable settlement would have come out and the current situation for the Govt would not have happened.
Salut indian  farmer national Capital mujaffar nagar
Good to know that somebody with alive conscience has explained the reality of Farmers protest.
All farmers have gone from delhi to UP suddenly to register their protest as there is poll coming in UP soon 
US me failed model k bad waha ka farmer hamare Farmer se bahut prosperous hai.......to apne wale model ko kis category me daloge??
We are all with the farmers.. i swear i am never going to vote for bjp in my life.
Narendra Modi again deceived Indian farmers #DelayingInRepealingAntiFarmerLaws
The laws were envisaged to help the farmers and surely it would have helped. Sadly the politicisation of the issue gave a death blow to it. The minutes of the now law were actually laid down during the times of Manmohan Singh and National agriculture policy (during upa era) clearly specified and talked about contract farming, farmers being able to sell products directly. Congratulations to our hard working farmers who wanted the laws to be repealed and hats off to their hard work .At the same time its sad that a forward looking policy was so much politicised and lastly it repealed.
Well ordered SDM and well implemented police  dissent can never be allowed to take form of violence  Waiting to see Rakesh Tikait being beaten the same way
Claim: 1 lakh tractor Rally 
Unity this UNITY of haryana Punjab
These guys aren't listening to farmers but look at the bandobas they done and how much can this all has been cost...??
It's very unfortunate that  Mr Modi has sacrificied 700 farmers for favour of  business families
Totally agree that farmers need our gratitude and support. But this man does not sound like an economist but a politician using emotions to achieve an agenda or maybe just hog the limelight
 By the time Modi turned 13 years, India had built Bhakra Dam ,Himachal Pradesh.
I request to all the viewers of this video, please share this video as much as possible so that we can relieve our farmer brothers against the ones spreading wrong rumours .
Middle men providing loans to farmers sounds silly defence to deny a bill.
Jai jai Jawan,  kishan,  aam janta ekta & ... Hope SKM will achieve a great victory soon, in almost all issues ...
The government was given 60 days to solve the problem but they didn't. So now cry and weep. It's a simple equation because government should realise that they are in power and if they can't settle the affairs of its citizens then it's of no use and especially when it's about farmers.
respect for you sir... when everyone is aginst farmers you r with us thank you
I stand with farmers..... kejriwal the true leader......
I support farmers, but also known congress can't improve anything. So no vote for Congress
Our Govt should continue to do its good work in afghanistan by  building houses for people like owaisi and other indian taliban supporters .
Aisa to supreme court was stayed these Farmer rules...ye kya hai jo Pm announce new thing...after 700+ death of farmer...insensitive Pm
pure ek saal lag gaya apko samaj ane main yeh jahil pm jo apne matlab se up election ki taiyari hai pablic ko bewakuf banane ki shame bycott bjp this time show the power of janta
We should support all farmers
@harp farmer pictures ....this is a great video! Hope you are also covering today's tractor march in an aerial view as it will be first of its kind in the whole world till date.
Still you have option to make these farm laws optional for state govt for the good of 80% small farmers . Please do it for the sake of real farmers.
This is how we have to trash d dirty politics in our country too,not just alone the farmer issues!
Shame on Republic. Shameless reporting.  Show full video of Suv crushing farmers to death first...
These r khalistani in the garb of farmers !
farmers good power show
4- if it is prevent exploitation of farmers by bicholia why no intervention of civil courts for grievance handling?
those r protesting they r rich farmer+ politics  who cares poor farmers??? even they don't have irrigation facility
Always support Modiji 
Let's stop calling them kisan and call them Khalistani terrorists now
Those Supporting Punjab and Haryana Farmers effectively are against other Farmers of India. Especially Maharashtra where suicides are maximum. In 2020, if we still support monopolistic, corruption ridden, socialist policies and infrastructure like APMC, we effectively ask for a poverty ridden shitty life that we are experiencing since independence. Support Market Economy, Support Entrepreneurship. You will see India growing.
By far the best video I watched on Farm Bills. Thank you bro.
I think its important to educate farmers.
Biggest worry is Kashmiri freedom fighters. Which will get inspiration from Taliban victory.
New intelligence is that 1000's of terrorists and pak soldiers waiting on the border ...arms already hidden in Punjab
Central Govt ko  Farmers ke Products ke  liye Warehouses aur Storage facilities Ki arrangements karna chahiye. Govt neh esh problem's ke liye koi karya Nahi kiye hai.
RSS and BJP is new Taliban  this fight is to save the democracy this officer needs to resign or he should have been fired by now 
If there were stones pelting on Zeep Cars of BJPs Gundas,  then they should had stopped theirs cars instead of crushing the SATYAGRAHI Kissan & a local Press Reporter. And then by the way , if BJP Gundas had been killed  by Kissans, then these Gundas of BJP would had been remembered as martyrs of BJP by making theirs staues in Lakhimpur.
Agriculture is the most healthful, most useful and most noble employment of man. Farming is more than land, crops and farmer, it's our heritage, existence and future. Modi Govt have neglected the truth that a farmer is a craftsman of the highest order in our planet. I support our farmers.
There are far too many problems the farmers are facing. Unfortunately for the policy making body this knowledge is not available. Hence even though sincere effort is being made by the Government, doubling of income would be only a dream . What is required at present is identifying all factors affecting his income; look for solutions to each one to overcome the same. If not possible what else can be done??? You need a systematic approach to solve the problem??? In my opinion we have not done the homework to solve the problem???. We are all living in fools paradise  Ultimate sufferer is the farmer?? His woes we have no knowledge 
Dictator Modis ego shattered and Sanyukt Kissan morcha, farmers-labourers won !
Whats the deal with French/Belgians farmers, protesting and milk? Its always the friggin milk!
You can see the intention of the govt right from the start when it goes with the ordinance route. Then where are those farmers and farmer orgs who approached govt and asked for these glorious pro farmer moves.these defintely didnt come from the farmer.you can watch such videos and get an inkling where these ideas are coming from.then in which privatization Is the right of one party to approach court taken away?.this  apec formula is already there in bihar.i think media needs to go and visit bihar and study the mess its agriculture is in.and what is this one market nonsense? Farmers and buyers with resources even now buy and sell from anywhere.now how to make it so that all farmers can do it needs govt setup storage and improve transport and infrastructure. The answer is not setting everything to be sold to corporates.
I dont know about your local areas but here in lakhimpur kheri internet services have been shut down to an extent yeah vi is still for some reason but no media coverage or internet on this matter well i think the media is finding aryan khan
This is not Farmers' Protest
Simply ...why govt introduce such laws which are against farmers,tell us 
Idk why the farmers of Punjab and Haryana are having problem with the new law. farmers from other states  are really appreciating the new law
All indian farmer know well modi trik ,
And now farmers will enjoy lavishing life & economy of farmers will rise 10 times which were never happened before. Khusia manao. . Congress bale hi farmers ke bare me sochte the. Unke jamane ka hi farmers ka condition thik tha.
All in all, this has now become proof of concept that the Will of the Indian State can be opposed (& ultimately broken), by a well-coordinated & sustained campaign (aided by support from foreign enemies - in terms of media, money & management), until it inevitably acquires a "grassroots" characteristic. 
Modi / yogi should fight gor for us.
this farm bill would have worked if first govt of India would have provided some way so THAT FARMERS CAN HAVE A WAREHOUSE WHERE THEY CAN STORE THE  CROPS till its sold at a profitable price. FURTHER IF ITS A LAW THAT A MSP has to be given then they would feel more secure. sure the crops in India are not of very high quality but that does not mean that government would put such a pressure on farmers who are already living in distress.
@shekhargupta how do we explain the fact that 94% of farmers are not serviced by Mandis. But this has not helped the farmers. How will removal of Mandis help if Pvt sector has been buying at prices lower than MSP?
I am telling on my opinion that all these is happening because of jio mart to give more benefit ambani with these bill he will directly entered in farming sector and he will earn more profit in these sector
As son of a farmer, I always believed that no matter whatever the Government does for the farmers, never successfully benefitted them, Har koi hai kisaan se unka niwaala chhin ke liye...
All farmer be unity and destroy AMBANI AND ADHANI  petrol  pump  stations ...and destroy only the the corporate company property is better...then we will get good result
While you covered most of the points of the bill. You missed a very important point that resolution of contracts etc will not be done by courts but via the SDM. As you know our farmers are so game with contract law and SDMs in India are so honest. This will work perfectly in favour of the farmers whenever an issue with a corporation arises.
Shame on this type of governance where you can not protest . The man who are  thrashing the farmers ,most probably 70 % of the police man would be belonging from framer background but they are also
I am the daughter of a farmer.
Indians love and follow this intellectual. Would that Pakistan had such an intellectual. Love from Pakistan
The topic I neede, I had a doubt from the start that why aren't other state farmers protesting. Great video
Modi ji app ess desh de pm ho ess desh de people ne Vota Paia tanu par ajj jo up vich hoia thik nae
One argument against the MSP is that it causes an imbalance in the cropping pattern because it incentivises the farmers into growing the crops that offer them good returns. This argument is a classic case of putting the horse before the cart. See it like this: Punjab is not a land suited for rice. And yet this is happening because there is no MSP on the crops that it can handle better. If the government declares and enforces MSP on every crop, then Punjab and Haryana are more likely to shift to oilseeds and other cash crops. Infact, declaring an MSP is the only way of ensuring a balanced cropping pattern. 
No farmers no food 
Taliban has also captured hero splendor plus..gifted by India..
If these laws are passed, it will benefit the farmers in the poorer states.
It will increase income of farmers.
All nationalist people's should vote &  support to BJP for national favour 
a).Actually, farmers has to pay upto 2% for receiving payment on the same day. b).Moreover the brokers book the agricultural produce below the support
Govt. Taken 20 years to make but farmer's taken only 10-15 days to find loopholes.....then check farmers are more aware than govt. Regarding this...
Respect to farmers but to dalaals. Full support to farm laws.
Support farmers they are innocents  people  and  its totally  planned by government of india
Farmers WERE, ARE & WILL BE the foundational & core asset of Indian Economy. So need to focus on empowering  & prospering our farming community to see the strong economy & growth of India  on the global platform.
If this is true,then BJP leadership shoul apologise,else people should throw them out in all coming elections & give them a lession.
Big shame for Indian state sponsored media
When UPA govt ruling this country, only terrorists attack the govt. That is only the govt was their opposition. Not the common people. Now when bjp ruling our country,  farmers and common people are against govt. No terrorists attack at all. That is because govt is their opposition. And you can decide why no terrorist attack at all
Farmers alway king,
The moment u think about a neta that he is different, seconds later he disappoints u, didn't know pm modi was this spineless, swargiya Kalyan Singh ji must be very disappointed by watching pm modi tossing up values & his supporters pride like this #FarmLawsRepealed, I've voted thrice n all for modi & even now I will not vote for anyone else but now I'm thinking I will not gonna vote for modi, I think I will still out, I will waste my power, my vote becuz Modi has betrayed me
BJP partymen lynched by farmers : True; shown by The Quint : No
I support to farmers 
We the people of Bihar strongly support the Farmers Bill 2020, this law gives special options to the farmers,
Shri Tiket is echoing feelings of millions of Indians. Jaoi Jawan... Jai Kisan...
7. Please go through the lives of Indian farmers and help them out as you feel what is right.
Farmer can sell there crop out of mandies , i want to know where they can sell their crops , mean to say door to door and will ask every person , will they buy their crops ( mtlb ghar ghar jaakr loko se puche bhai apne meri fasal leni hai , apne gehu lena hai chawal lena hai ) ....... first bill question arises
No farmers no food 
Excellent interview.... Very Knowledgeable Reporter and The Hero Of Today's INDIA Rakesh Tikait ji...
Who's here after government decided to repeal the farm laws? 
I am from bihar my whole family is in farming but they don't think there is any problem with this law because bihar don't get any benefit of green revolution and other farmers in my village are also have no problem.
2)  The livelihood & quality of life for the farming communities & individual farmers
Farmers don't settle for less than indepenfence. Period.
Big news. Congratulations to all farmers and Indian people.
Ultimately Farmers Will Suffer. Climate will be Harm and Water level will deplit. Now Farmer Of This Punjab have no right to blame anyone but themselves.
This behavior is not correct by few farmers.they try to disturb the nation.
Farmers are not terrorist they are the one who feed this whole world . It is their right to protest you can't hit them support them
I also want to join farmers protest 
Good to see BBC taken this to world stage, keep support for our farmers.
If Modi realises that giving official approval to the new government made by Taliban in Afghanistan will be beneficial for his image then he will do it and all the andh bhakts will then also find excuses to support him and some will even call it Modi's "doordarshita" to one day include Afghanistan into Akhanda Bharat 
At last farmers won 
Farmer's  need only specific prices  of their respective  crops.
The clauses of the contract farming act seem to be written in a way to attract private players to the farming sector. That may be fair from the government's perspective. They too need to be encouraged into participation. But farmers have their own apprehensions. So: to allay the fears of the farmers, the farm laws can be tried in a few pilot states? If the experiment succeeds then the model can be replicated to the rest of India. 
Ajitji you have really won the heart of farmers for your excellent work. Gid bkess you & give you courage to do great things as reporter
Allahamdulilha ... Farmers are real warriors !!!!,
When Farmers of tamilnadu  run nakedly pm not Concerned how can now
As Prime Minister of India Shree Narendra Modiji is riding Piggyback on Shree Anil Ambani, Mukesh Ambani, Gautham Adani etc and is acting as their Dummy Prime Minister of India . 
So this is world's largest democracy looks like.......... Supporting  Indian farmers from Pakistan......
Media like NDTV should be responsible. Looks like now they are not happy with govt decision on taking back of farm laws and crying over political benefit
BJP will loose UP election and 2024 election as well. BJP might even loose Gujrat.
The labour force and the unemployed youth must join the farmers. Not only will they partake of the langar 3 times daily but also unite to fight the menace of RSS BJP.
Soldier's job is not easy.....godbless our soldiers....godbless our farmers
Rakesh Tiket is dramebaaz. He should be arrested& put in jail  for life imprisonment
Happy to see Indians are laughing at Pakistani PM IK comment but the reality told by Taliban itself is that their next mission is for Kashmir freedom because they will spread Islam & are made to fight for oppressed Muslims
What is the problem of farmers bill
Thank you for covering this! The Indian Government is doing it's absolute best to suppress the farmer's protest and literally anyone who criticises the absolutely unjust government policies.
This government bothers only about industrialists like Ambani and not farmers. This is not only in Haryana. The same is the case in all the states.
It's a straight forward thing that if the law is made for farmers and they donot it is much sensible to take those laws back.
Farm laws were good and shouldn't have been repealed.
BBC Should make a video on Indian media. Known as Godi media
Farmers are true hero. They try to divide amongs farmers
Poor states like bihar will suffer good luck farmers of punjab Haryana and Western UP and for you will get cheap cost labour for farm you never want them to grow
after listening to this whole video. I came to the conclusion that farmers lost too much.
SIR YOGIJI IS AGGRESIVE VEER WORRIER KARMYOGI YUGPURUSH THA HAI OR ANANTKAL TAK RAHEGA. .....
It is always a perfect vision in hindsight. I am sure the govt will learn too. When you Look at the number of tough laws which have been passed and implemented, I do not regret one of their calculations having gone wrong. I feel that the democracy is upheld by repealing, even though it may not be in best interest of farmers.
TF cartoons bumping his head with indian cartoon after watching news about running indian terrorists in afghanistan and returning to delhi...what a funny cartoon network india is!!!
Stop giving land of poor farmers in hand of corporates .
Victory of truth  over evil'. Modi
Modi defeated! Zindabad . Long live small farmers!
       Show tractor rally, Show tractor rally                                    
Washington Post ho New York Times ho ya koi bhi media ho, MODI KO KURSI PAR RAHNA JYADA HAI ---so  persecnt correct Step by MODI
They are middlemen. Long Live Comrade Modi . What the Left, Congress  did not do ...BJP has done that. The Peasantry is now free and industrial capital is introduced in Agricultural breaking the middlemen nexus with politician. Being a Marxist, I support BJP and PM Modi.
Farmer now go Door to Door for there crops like ferewala. Go Great Days to come
May be tactical decision by PM to re-launch bill again with certain modification after election,as voiced by BJP MP's, Ministers 
This is a loss for the real farmers . Modiji did this for the nation because in the name of farmer protest the pro khalistani leader were killing innocent people .Modiji we believe in you and know that you did this for the security of common people . Modiji I support you and I am sure one day the whole country will know the important of farm laws.
So sad of farmers 
Make more more and videos on farmers because national don't support them your work is great 
How Could Haryana Police Enter Punjab Without Punjab CM Permission... This Shows Congress is in nexus with BJP in Farm Laws...
Dont you think we are digressing and over analyzing the issue here, cant we just not accept the fact that they just messed up right from the start, they rammed the laws on the faces of farmers without building a consensus. Most of the farmers who are the voters of bjp did not understand the laws completely.they were perplexed because of communication gap, opossition used this as an opportunity to further peddle their rhetoric,which ultimately derailed the process.BJP has 150 million+ active members,also RSS, they didn't use them effectively to communicate and make the farmers aware of the benefit of the laws,none of the incumbent bjp chief ministers bothered to hold talks with the farmers of their respective states.they over relied on Modi's name alone.This is not how you push  pro market reforms (that too in a very sensitive agriculture domain) in a liberal democracy where people have been living under socialist structure for far too long. I believe this repeal is a wise step, start afresh , use your election machinery to evangelize the importance of this reform at a granular level and then bring in the laws.
Zee news is also coming under Bjp funding.....you should raise the voice of farmers.
Elections every month will keep evil mind at bay....  chest must have reduced to 56 micrometers after relenting to the demands of khalistanis.... 
6) How come farmers are in illeagal possession of tear gas guns? (See the picture is a leading national daily newspaper!). Where did he get it? How much did he pay & to whom? Who supplied it? Did it come from China or Pakistan?
So CONGRESS = FARMERS !!!
Very nicely explained. All these anxiety can be address and govt. is trying it, it seem. The farming management need to be reform for the sake of farmers. So I hope something workout. About trust in this govt.... that is a different issue and I don't think it has any solution.
India is agricultural country, still farmers are struggling. Its a disgrace for citizens and political parties of india
Salute rakesh tikait ji....to bring reality of gundai media
I love Rakesh Tikait courage 
We support farmers 
The middlemen were the ones who were protesting. This is a loss for the small farmer. Tikait is a millionaire. As the many opposition.
Can't trust a single word this jumlebaaz PM says. verbal assurance of repealing the draconian farm laws is just another jumla like the hundreds already made & never fulfilled.
Modi  ji realy  we are all thank s to u but what about the several  former dide what about that going to tell modi ji ?.
This channel did not show the main sentence which said that the only thing being discussed was farmer's laws. He was dismissing the khalistani or violence link. And that is good.
Now i understand y there was a lot of opposition from the farmers... And i support their view...
BBC should conduct this kind of positive interview before spreading the negative narrative on Farmers Bill.
The Farmers of India Won. Laws have been taken Back  by the government . INDIAN ONCE AGAIN SHOWED THE WHOLE WORLD THROUGH PEACEFUL WAYS DETERMINATION AND COMMITMENT PEOPLE OF THE COUNTRY CAN WIN. MAHATMA GANDHI'S IDEOLOGY ONCE AGAIN WORKED IN THE 21ST CENTURY TOO  Love from India
Thank you for specifying the farmer bills in simple words...
The old bad government  was good at least they were able to give petrol at low price at least there were no problem for farmer who provide us food
longlive farmers
Modi creates a rift between Kisan and Jawan. Ex-servicemen protest and tents uprooted in 2015
As you talked about about the control phase of corporatization, that regulations have to be mandated for selling agricultural produce, can't we access the process which Starbucks does with coffee beans farmers?
Your informative video very helpful,we stands with Farmers
This shameful PM didnt even once go Nd give his condolences to the almost 1000 lives lost in these protests..he Nd his communal hatred party called us khalistsnis, terrorists nd what not...now its Kisaan Nd anndaata..? 
Every farmer knows the problem. He realises the need for reforms. But the govt inability to involve stakeholders before passing these laws is absolutely ridiculous. More so if the laws r good for them. And if this agitation is not handled properly it can burn India and may change the way it looks. Very important that PM takes off his guju hat while dealing with this agitation.
TODAY I FELT PROUD TO WATCH YOUR VIDEO AND HOW SLOWLY YOU BECAME CLEAR CONFIDENT AND WORKING INSPIRING FOR HUMANITY I AM SOUTHINDIAN BUT IN LOVE WITH PUNJAB , PUNJABI LANGUAGE,FOOD, CULTURE,MUSIC
Please go and read the new law first................this is for support and upliftment of poor farmers.
b)  Required money and material input should be provided to farmer if desired by farmer. 
Tear gas should push in bump of , ranga,  billa n all there jattu chattu... v r with u FARMERS U not alone
Are they really farmers or ???
Shame on the Indian Government the Police and Godi media
Ha bilkul,, ye sarkar hi thi...... Par ye farmers ne aisa kar kaise diya,,, it's a question of sense and morality!!
Boycott BJP RSS ADANI Ambani Ramdev Godi media.... support Nation 
Sir your tried your best but innocent farmers stuck in crooks influence
Farmers win 
Delhi police is waste under you CAA happened and now Farmer protest, what you guys are doing.
Ambani-Adabi-Mittal-Tata  these will store a commodity when farmers sell their commodity in 20- 30 days
This act is casued definitely by the close ally of Democratic indias first Terrorist Kotse's group, this is dangerous to India if political parties starts operating with such violoance group as part of their poilitical careers India will be ruined,, this kind of act was used largely against Arvind kejrival during election campaign, During NRC protests as welll
Farmers not from Pakistan &China
If some farmers Union will go it will be disrespect  the sacrifices of life people have given and a punishment to people who fought with all spirit and have cases registered against them
Farmers protest now cold war,only wastage of money,without hardwork.
Do DNA on petrol prices.  Media is so full of shit.
Let pray for farmers recovery soon
KCR's govt investment support helps farmars but only for land Lords but not to who take land on lease and does farming.
Thanks alot students! We farmers greatly appreciate your support 
Finally, someone with racial thinking made a video for farmers !
Also, farmers in Odisha are agitating for a while against BJD govt that the token system to sell produce to the mandi is flawed and how many farmers haven't been able to sell. Sonepur and Bargarh are the rice bowls in western Odisha and they are unhappy. Others too,but they are more visible. That is also where Bjp wins in Odisha.
whats about the farmers ???
I stand with farmers rights. Long live the farmer
This is what happens when corrupt politicians stop listening to public who choose them by vote. If the bills are not in favour of farmers, govt should negotiate rather than turn blind and stubborn.
Thnx to our beloved students for supporting farmers, respect for them from bottom of our heart...
Are the genuine poor farmers even capable of such largescale dharna? Isnt it pure politics of the middlemen who would now have no role and obviously no margins...
The Green Revolution Farmers thought they will lose their monopoly if these laws pass and free market will hit them hard without   MSP. It is as simple as that.
All Indian farmers thanks
Still the protest is going on But Godi media shows nothing ...just wanted views at that time now have forgotten
There is no point in making statements based on what happened today. It was the resultant of continued torture and denial of rights the govt imposed on farmers who were protesting for their genuine cause.  Many of today's incidents were created by other malwares. You should be proud that the farmers still managed to conduct their protest and the damages ended by this. I would give full credit to them for conducting it this neat ! Actually I admire them. No other political group could have done this with this much precision. It was  a hard blow on BJP dictatorship 
BJP spokesperson said," Modi is the most sensitive leader in the world"
What economic growth he is talking about????? Currept Modi regime was torturing poor civilians in all area of development, this is a victory over Evil regime, farmers made a remarkable history, will remember vin years
Can experts here tell me point wise the benefits of these laws for farmers and also address the apprehensions of the farmers ????????????
Samdish, ek video on actual transaction, For how much farmer sells hi crop and how much middle men sells in and at end who makes more profit (ideally the farmer should, its his land, hard work
Sudhir Jee these all are traitors.   India should not bow to these dacoits
We advised farmersnot to come back until all demands approved from centre govt .thanks
Good explanation but how can you miss the main points like there is no written clarification on MSP plus farmers can only go to deputy commissioner and they can't put a legal case in court
Who will get benefit out of farm laws. The common people who buy the product,the environment and the 200 Million small farmers. Did any one -common man, environmentalist and small farmers ready to support and vocal about it. Did the intellectuals came out and supported it. Did supreme court supported it though it has farmed a committee - did it publish the results. No one came forward and  everyone apposed it - all parties. The were supported by the Khalistanis and communist. So in a way Indian farmers are not ready for reform and India as a country is not either. In a democracy the people have to be ready for a change. So the Modi's image is not only taken a hit but India as a country too.
You can't defeat a TRACTOR using cane mr Indian police
Love for farmers from Kerala
Those who protested against the laws will never support this government, but this decision makes rest of the farmers and Indians, who were with the government, look like idiots. 
Great video. Godi media could learn something
It baffles me how people call violent protests like these functional democracy, not to speak ill of these farmers at all. A functional democracy is one in which an individual would simply vote to have their voice heard. Yes, protests are a guaranteed right in practically all democratic countries, but they are always the last resort as a form of self-expression. A society which relies on such means to "communicate" with the state is a poorly-functioning democracy, if not a failed one. This isn't "democracy doing its work", this is the people trying to salvage whatever is left of that democracy.
YAAR AAM ADMI PARESHAN HAI IN FARMERS SE.
This will be the master stroke and game changer by government if Farm bills is implemented and executed properly connected entair India by 5 years the agriculture sector income will be more than USD 5 trillion to the economy.
As Yogendra Yadav said, there are no laws existing in our Nation, which restricts the Farmer to sell his produce outside of apmcs. In fact, in places like Kerala, which is ruled by the Left (ridiculed by Gupta ji coincidentally), apmcs do not exist, and Farmers have their own Farmer Produce Companies. Moreover, many of such Companies hold monopoly in Cash Crops. 
* Gita Gopinath, the chief economist at IMF says, "These laws will help widen the market for farmers and allow them to sell to multiple outlets besides the Mandis without having to pay tax. And this had the potential to raise, in our view, farmers incomes"
From 2 months farmers are sitting in Delhi highway non of the media said that Government is doing wrong but now as people are at red fort which is peoples property anyways not of any PM or Any political party you have issue shame on you ABP News 
These are farmers. They always feed. They are free from evil thoughts.Some idiots doubt the source of food. They will always remain Andh Bhakt. They believe in their anna data. We trust our farmers
I think from next time onwards when I will hear farmers committing suicides, I will end up laughing. These fools have actually led to their own downfall. Had they read the law carefully and patiently, they would have understand the benefits of law. But fools are fools, and time and again we see that how big of fools we are. Good night farmers and await ur hardships in future. 
Kudos to farmers! They're not getting demotivated 
I am from the city in which this singhu broader is attached,Modi is an upper caste leader,most of the upper caste support this leader even if it means crushing the constitution values,he is most idiot leader,he holds a fake degree.
After this Move, farmers again became cororpathi 
Farm law was really good but applying the law to all states was not that much good because it affects some states like Punjab and other too....
Brings TEARS AND AGONIZING TEARS watching this video.  HUMBLE AND GENUINE RESPECTS AND REGARDS TO ALL THE SONS OF THE SOIL.  MAY YOU TASTE COMPLETE SUCCESS AND VICTORY FOR ALL YOUR FIGHT.  JAI KISAAN ALONG WITH JAI JAWAAN.
The problem with farmers is that some have very less land about 3-4 acres. Farming can be beneficial if less people do it. Rather 50% population indulge in Farming if 10% were indulged scenerio were different.
Which shows you clearly the farmers interests aren't paramount. It is the excuse to please corporate stakeholders
Citizens will always with our Farmers.
India close embassy in Kabul fear of Taliban blowing . Super power are going back after 20 year's war . Good step by India early early return home no guarantee of Taliban strong enough
Shekhar sir can you educate us how these farm laws are good for the farmers..
Taliban dont touch India for read the word of god dont steer your army god soldiers in harm way listen to your lord god amen
I am not supporting this Bill but sharad pawar also did his best to put the farmers to great pain when he was in power.
Guys, this is no joke. If taliban conquers Pakistan, India is going to have a serious problem
Ethnic Chinese here.....India is doomed....I agree with Modi u need to streamline farming and improve productivity by consolidating millions of tiny inefficient farms into big ones...only then will the economy improve....
We support farmers 
BILL 1. The corporates don't have to give taxes as the APMC markets, which will make them able to offer higher MSP at first, now due to the disadvantage faced by APMC agents, in long term, those mandis will become redundant/disappear. About FCI, it doesn't always take the food from the farmers, it will only take to a certain limit due to space limitations, thus if the farmers don't get a fair price at the industry, they won't be able to sell it to FCI at MSP. It is to be noted that always, FCI has a surplus of food.
There's 50k cases currently in UK and UK is suffering from Norovirus right now . Bbc never covers that news . All they want to cry on is India. Baised media af.
Whos in the favour of farmers and whos not. 
They have been protesting peacefuly since Last 6 months. 150 farmers died during this time living out in cold.
I am speechless  sir for your contribution  for our farmers may lord jesus bless you abundantly
Modi was telling sabka sath, sabka Vikas and sabka biswas but it appears that he is with the arthritis/middle man. Today is the black day for small and marginal farmers.
Farmers' Protest., 
In the name of farmers this unruly behaviour cant be justified 
FARMERS READY THE CABIBAGE CATAPULT LET OUR CABIBAGES BLOT OUT THE SUN ("; ;)
RAKESH  TIKAT  JINDABADD
Poor farmers so scared of discrediting their movement not letting any politician come on their stage just to avoid making it political game for bjp vs non bjp parties yet our genius journalist making such statements
Agar farmers protest area se gye to bjp bahoot easily up election me hindu muslim kr ke fir se apni government bna lega
What are parliamentarians and members of Assembly doing. They should have talked to these farmers and their demands. Dilli chalo sort of protests hijacking the roads must stop. This is not at all productive.
Wow... Proud of you  Proud of Our Farmers 
we support our beloved farmers
Power of democracy at it's best...no political party or leader is above its voters...hats off to farmers...brave people
And second point--> The tax that traders used to pay for transactions at APMC was used for the well-fair of villages around the APMC Mandi like road building, helping farmers during emergencies. How will that happen if nobody is trading in APMC mandis?
Isn't MSP minimum support price paid by govt and not minimum selling price as stated by you?
Shame on govt.  .......who still not listening to these poor farmers
It is  Lakhimpur Kheri massacre and it is done by General Yogi and General Modi and General Ajay Mishra and Angrez sarkar 2.0( Bjp)
Best PM material. We need congress back on ground like this and we need congress back in India. Enough of BJP communal hate
Thanks NDTV for covering PUNJAB.  I request everyone to stand with the farmers 
Tikat is cunning person. He is a politician. I bet he will contest election
Economists think of industrialisation and ultimately favouring Industrial  Houses . Now they aim to grab all lands , which has become valuable , so that all farmers of Punjab, Haryana leave their self respect become  cheap labour force  at mercy of Big Houses as of Bihar, Eastern UP, MP etc.
@ 3:22 It is not called Kamataka its called Karnataka for a second you had me worried that did India get another state which I did not learn about.  One more thing I haven't seen another video from Vox when there was farmers protest back in 2017 was it because it was from a different part of India ?  It is very difficult to gauge which protests and videos are politically motivated and which are not.
Orders were not of Lathi charge but to only kill farmers by hitting them on their heads
Finally sir ki vedio..wo b farmer bill pe...
You would find millions of real life tree planters in India compared to media piece greta... Lol
Hope more indian media educate indians like that
Hey I am statistics students so I am decide to project on this topic this Bill's acts seriously beneficial for farmers or not I make analyse on this topic and gives many predictions this prediction are helpful for farmers but I don't know how am I collecting data so u have any idea plz share ideas me plzzz... this is really helpful for me and my project makes effective......
2020 kisaan andolan  made a historic victory. Must be included in national syllabus of school history books.
Once the farmer is economically destroyed, the next target will be the common man (middle class). So no matter what may be we have to support the farmers.
1st speak to any Farmer's union who are agitating n know their objections n their fear of income loss & Land grab, contract farming may be good for certain crops not for all.
This govt is not for farmers.. This govt is only for businessman...
Farmers should go to election
I support this Kisaan Bill.
Well explained , request you to reach every poor and illetrate farmers make them understand about the farm laws by explaining them in their mother toungue. This will help not only the poor farmers but the whole country.
Agriculture is backbone of these poor farmers .
India supports farmers
If Farmers are not happy this bill must be reviewed or held back till all concerned are reasonably assured and happy. Let us not destroy it completely.
Delhi l citizens.....run hashtag..or something. ..in support of farmers....
No farmers not food
How can a face saving formula be attained. This year long protest has been prefominantly peaceful. I wonder how long the farmers can remain peaceful and turn the other cheek?
Who are those andh bhakts in comment section.......u don't have common sense........ supporting thos bjp led IAS officer ...... people will fight back
Thankyou swu..... thankyou for showing the real mirror...and that too to everyone .. including government and farmers....
I admire of modi govt generally, but if it becomes true as you told then I will hate modi till the end of my life.
This way farmers gonna get exploited once again as before.
Wy u talking only 26 January wy u not supporting farmer
Dictatorship shown by BJP ruled states, Digging well built Roads to setup barricades using stones, Dirt and vehicles, what a shameful act by Modi Govt.
This Maan guy seems sensible. He is the kind of person who should be in the forefront representing punjab and haryana.
"  Farm Laws Repeal" another brilliant game changing ,masterstroke action by our our worthy Feku.
Just saw Republic tv reporter trying to change the narrative by shouting "the police is pleading(joining hands) to the farmers"
The Government is setting up parallel markets outside the Mandi, but there will be no tax on the purchases in these private markets. Hence all the buyers will prefer to purchase from these private markets and not Mandi's. Who wants to pay taxes, everyone wants more profit. Hence farmers feel that this will destroy the Mandi system cos no one will want to buy crops from the Mandi's.
Sikhs were targeted. It was not attack on farmers
Why this repeal before elections  Is it for political gain. Politicians are working for their own selfish gain rather than for country. Let them do agri reforms  by democratic means rather than by arrogancy of  authority rule.
I want to say a bit about the farmer situation as it seems with this protest, farmers finally getting the much needed attention from the general  public to help them out, now I know currently discussion is about the recent bills but I would like to give a little analysis of mine towards the situation of farmers in general and what exactly are the problems they are facing(as you cannot help them as long as you don't know what is the issue)
Btw he is speaking in urdu, which is indian language , and he is talking about mental slavery . It's always a pleasure to listen to imrandi , may god make him prime minister of pakistan for his whole life , full support from india, pakistan is going to become superpower under imrandi
What DO You think can bjp lose up or won Punjab
Himmat hai modi ji ki.... So much patience... The quality of a Holy man.. Respect u
Sir, I am not a farmer but I support Kisan Aandolan.
Awesome coverage sir... The efforts put in by your team is commendable... Long live the farmers...
My biggest mistake in life is voting bjp and this modi came to power daily I pray to God when this modi, amith shah will go from power or from world
@Stand with farmers
I might be the only person in comment section who get affected by new farm bill. Please note that india isn't isn't small country by population and size, every state is like a different country with different challenges. These new bills are only affecting millionaire farmers of state called Punjab (some parts of adjacent states). Similar kind of farm laws are already implemented in some states and no one gives a damm about it. And majority of REAL farmers don't have any problem with new laws or never will. These protests are organised by political rivals of current goverment and khalistani supporters. Trust me I'm a farmer and I don't have a day to waste with these goons.
Dear Mr Shekhar, Greetings. How  could Alauddin bring rule a MSP to India when India itself did not exist in those times. Moreover, how will you explain price control of food items to poor peole in socialist or even in the rich gulf  countries ?
Before judging them, please specify at what number of deaths are farmers allowed to lose the temper.
This debate should go to SC. Let SC announce an expert committee. Let the farm laws be reviewed by all farm unions, across India & other stakeholders, within 6 months. 
I was a Modi bhagat but how can one be assured when on your govt words when we have a example of GST, you talking about Value of rupee in UPA govt,  smriti irani ji talking about gas and petrol prices in UPA govt 
Support farmers please
as an afghan i want to say that indians must not worry , now i rarely see taliban in streets , they are not religius just some stoneage peoples, that can only be in afghansitan, we afghans take a lesson now and we see their real face , i pray that we find a government we will never want taliban again!
This farmers strike should not continue anyway since it will have adverse effects on our economy in the long run. Those who are lovers of our Motherland should come forward to have a speedy settlement of the issues.
Farmers demands are genuine. The govt has thrown a blind eye for the past 11 months on farmers protest. The centre must withdraw the Farm Laws with immediate effect.
"Middlemen won, poor farmers lost" someone has pointed correctly. Unfortunately the opposition did not support what was a good bill. How much can you expect from them anyway. Sad for the farmers.
Modi Ji is enough for the Taliban...!!!!
Election aa rha  boht tez ho tha ho modi ji
Love, respect and lots of blessings for all of the farmers. Jai kisan jai hind....
Panjabi singer farmer protection ko support karne walo ab aa ke kuch to bolo ham wait kar rahe h
Farmers bills are uselessssssssssss
That cricketer in Pakistan who  support Taliban : 
If we think that corporates will exploit the farmers then we should also focus on regulating those corporate players and their way of conducting businesses instead of blindly repealing these laws.
firstly i humbly submit that, I personally am a great great fan of both Modi Ji and Trump, the work Modi Ji and Trump to counter China/CCP/Pakistan etc is doing for this NavBharat is highly admirable and I am very Pro-Modi Ji, and he indeed is the best PM in our history of free India, also, I am not an opposition political member or any such affiliation, .... 
Bless the students, teachers, workers and Delhi natives for risking their lives protesting against the government in solidarity with the farmers
I oppose the anti-farmer bill.
The three farm bills have created fear and unrest. The farmers are fully aware of the implications these bills will have and understand the long term effect it can have on their livelihood and dignity. 
AAP govt should form national party all over India,and start protest with farmers adding EVM voting ka mudda.
Vaah moodi pehle khatm krta bill, tune y nhi ginaya , how many of our farmers were martyred
Must needed video!  Support farmers.
700 Khalistan terrorists died in Delhi farmers agitation, they're not farmers.
Farmers must postponed there protest immediately...For there own life safety and for others... This is not the time for protest... Sikh community is known for helping in difficult times, lets postpone... protest can be done after pandemic as well
First they came for the lower caste, then they came for the muslims, now it's the farmers. There's little value for life by the Modi government. The covid lockdown and impact on migrants another example.
India  ko taliban minded country mai investment nahi karna chahiye tha.
Biggest failure of bureaucracy as even there was no single bureaucrat who hav capability to make it simple for farmer 
BJP come again up cm yogi ji Jay shri Ram
Spend whole his life in usa  and talking about indian farmer wt a joke
AREE BHAI AAPKA INTERVIEW DEKHKAR LAG RAHA H MODI ANDHBHAKT HO.. GODI MEDIA MAT BANO
Haryana sarkar pe to sb swal utha rahe the ab chup kyu ho bsdko
Amazing efforts dear brothers and sisters..this is true India...will you always...Jai Jawan Jai Kisan
Fact is that person who died in farmer rally wasn't a farmer he came from Australia and if your want to make propaganda please check your fact from trusted sources not from xi xingping pong's wechat and tik tok
GURDASPUR MEIN KHALISTANIO NE RALLY KE LEKIN NO GOVT TOOK ACTION, THEY DID IT WELL & NOW SUNNY DEOL IS HELPLESS.
There are so many issues in canada more worse than our farmers issue. So its better for Trudeu to Shut his mouth and look into his own Country's problems.
Msp pe baat jarrohona chahia,honable pm modiji msp c250 pe hona chahiye
These opportunities for ambanis & adanis not for farmers because we know about our pm's promises
He is lying I know everything because my father is a farmer
do no mess with farmer brothers or else 
Those who are protesting worldwide are friends or relatives of those farmers from state of Punjab and Haryana. The new reforms are applied to the entire nation but community of these two states are creating trouble. They are not realizing that reforms are to prevent corruption and abuses of the farmers by so called 'commission agents'.
We Sikh nation  are ....not Hindus...& will not tolerate any dictatorial laws  imposed on us......plus it's not MSP only...we will not tolerate any private player entering PUNJABI farms markets & creating any such farm clusters...
After 2002 you had different thought about Modi, have you changed that. Why will we change our thoughts about Taliban
Govt. should begin to understand that farmers are not idiots and uneducated
Intellectuals just present their opinions emphatically with the limited knowledge they have. In fact they can't stand anyone opposing even their line of thought. On the contrary, politicians, esp.  leaders like Modi who have risen virtually from nothing understand when things work against them. Appearing weak by giving in to the demands may matter a lot for intellectuals, not for the poor. The poor will still fall for the concessions offered to them, not endorse some ten & twenty year goals when their day to day life is a misery. People will see a Chankya in Modi, If the Tikait farmer endorses BJP Or they come up with a new bill, or they sweep the elections.
Sir 86% farmers  are small scale  farmer of they got 5 ka 25 why they  attempt.  They  always  happy  in 25. But we have  to pay 100 for 5. Oh my God. Middle class walo choir Karna chalu kar do.
Not a Farmers movement at all.
Infact, the farmers are not against the bills but they only demand the price regulation. 
Modi's New India 
These laws are taken back not buz govt. Care about farmers it is buz of the election in Punjab, Uttarakhand etc.
 that Modi did this cuz of the protest. For BJP, I believe this is definitely part of a strategic long term move of some kind.
Yes tikait sab your objection is Reasonable they have to put kisan photo back side
very sad to.hear that and surprised that 5 % farmers ( Traders) have more weight than 95 % farmers. However farmers realise soon
It's time to listen the farmers and acknowledge the concern.
You also said that Farmers don't know about the bill clearly. 
Oh... We have a Supreme Court.. After more than 500 Death in the protest our Justice system finally started speaking.. Respected Supreme Court , request you to do daily basics hearing on case and 24*7 and make it live .. Save our farmers .. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan.
Just think who would get benefit from this violence(farmers or bjp)? Farmers have kept alive the protest peacefully for more than 60 days, do you really think that they will gamble their movement just for a religious flag hosting?
6. Most of the people were clueless in the protest, jinhone farm bill padhna to dur, inka mtlb bhi nhi pta tha, aur baithe the tents me..
Listening to DK Singh is anytime yes  . DKSingh says they did support farm laws in principle yes, but at the same time Shekar Gupta was propagating about how the poor farmers are going to suffer just by making assumptions and painting sinister color to it
The unfortunate thing about we Indians is we become judgmental very soon. This bill which was introduced through ordinance one year ago has already gone through what it has to in this 1 year. Just as the way demonetation has done enough damage to those vested power so also this bill. People who can see beyond the seen only can understand our PM. A person whose only aim is to see the prosperity of this nation will never ever let his people down.
My heart bleeds for you. Farmers are so special. 
For a bill sone negative and positive aspects are there. What can we do for the upliftment of our farmers.  Constructive criticism is a welcome one. See the pathetic condition of our farmers after 73 years of our independent India. Some are opposing Modi government policy because of political and religious angle. The criticising group should put forward some solution. It is easy to complain but putting an alternative is important.
If you really want to know how these farm law will change agricultural sector ask a average farmer who does a lot of hardwork for the entire year and gets just a fraction of it as income.
No Government is working for Farmers
When did you start liking bjp boot . india today is becoming a godi media fullest ..Shut up yr news channel ..why are you fabricating the story
The clips you showed also had the workers protests it's no 'farmers protest' anymore it's a proletarian uprising
They are the farmers who came with tractors and injured public and police officials. What we expect form them.
He is taking stand for innocent Farmers who are protesting peacefully because in Canada it never happened that if people are protesting and they got attacked by the government. At least he has guts to say it openly.
Farmers are wonder of the world.
If corporates starts stocking up, the essential commodities will be costly even for the common man. The farmers are not just fighting their own fight but that also of a common man. We stand by farmers and want to congratulate modi for uniting us.
We always Support your Decision Modi Ji 
Congratulations to all farmers.
Service sector gets canteen facility, medical facility, minimum wage, minimum pension, but is there any minimum guarantee to the farmers?
Krishee Bill will be gamechanger for Indian farmers and it will drastically improve the farm sector.
Man I seriously love Samdish like really, I have watched all of his videos over 10 times each. But what he is saying here is wrong, firstly breaking of the APMC mandis will let farmers to sell to anyone without transacting with middlemen in mandis. They would not be restricted to go to some specific place to sell their produce and can sell to anyone without any consent. Secondly MSP is only required when the demand in the market is very low, and farmers are having trouble selling the produce. Why will they need MSP if they are able to sell at a price much higher than it almost throughout the year. Samdish here hid some facts, because he is a oppurtunist and wants to gain support of people who don't want to be informed.
In last make a Video about how many Punjabi people give there  lifes in independence of our country India.
Very sad affairs of politics...this video only made me more strong supporter of MODI JI...
We support farmers...Jai hind..
I am person from a village and my family belongs to farmer community, do you know anything about farmer community? 
Ye sub opposition partys milke farmers ko our poor farmers karneko thayar hogaya,, ye opposition partys me thoda bi humanity niihe..
RAKESH TAKAIT IS A PATRIOTIC AND BOLD FARMER LEADER. HIS SALOGAN HAR HAR MAHADEV ALLAH HU AKBAR UNITED THE INDIANS. KICK OUT COMMUNAL POLICY OF BJP GOVERNMENT.
I stand with Indian farmers!!! Power to the people!
 Basically, these bills are for the benefit of farmers. Ultimate goal is , farmers should be paid more, no more suicides, better and sustainable farming techniques, and more security of farmers interest.
Congratulations  farmers on your Winning 
Indians remember one thing if farmer will collapse, whole civilization will collapse
All the best to farmers,  what govt is doing and pm ?
Messiah of farmers
It's easy for the govt to pass laws and for SG Sir to ask farmers to diversify, but it is easier said than done for a farmer to switch over to a completely new crop and figure out everything from scratch starting from seeds, right upto the harvest. These issues would have come out if only it was not passed along the ordinance route
JAB TAK CONGRESS PARTY RAHEGA AATANK WADI KAM NEHI HOGA
You are greater,farmers are very happy with ajit anjum,for his solidarity with farmers.nation is grateful
These farm laws were not there for last 50 years but farmer suicides were there. There is no correlation between these two things. I dont know why people think that if these laws are taken back things will be better.
At morning when we started our Tractor prade, the correct route is closed by police, we have no choice but to follow the other route that was opened by KMSC or Deep Sidhu's followers, also we didn't know the correct route untill we surprisingly reached at front of Red Fort and farmers going in or out without any restrictions as you said in video. The decided route opened late by police and no signage was placed for farmers.
When farmers are against this law, why the hell Modi government is forcing them to accept this law. This itself proves that this law is not for farmers and for corporates like Ambani n Adani only. Hats off to this brave farmers.
Total country with farmers
Except the new rules aren't devastating. They are to promote farmers. These rules  help the actual farmers to get a fair trade. Bc now you have to make physical contracts with business that are buying the crops from the farmers. The ones protesting are the people that buy from these farmers. Not the actual farmers.
This law do not say anything about protecting farmers from corporate exploitation.
I understand this video is a month old but please cover all angles. Mainly farmers from 2-3 states out of 30 states protested .  
I used to love being Indian but now I no longer call myself this. I am Sikh Punjabi or Khalistani, we want our own country Khalistan.
Beautifully Explained Farmers Protest against Black Laws from beginning to Wining.
Only solution for sikh farmers is KHALISTAN . thank Allah that we realized it long time ago and demanded for PAKISTAN in 1947 and saved our generations from the cruelty of hindu but we still have some of our Muslim brothers and sisters in jammu and kashmir and we will be coming to rescue them in no time and will wage a jihad on hindus IN SHA ALLAH
Farmers from now don't call yourself pour or you have nothing to eat, because you choose your own path, middleman's crushed you government shows you a path but you won't need it...And clowns let start your show in comment section, jai Bharat...Har har mahadev...
Yogi Adityanath deserves to be prime minister of India 
I guess most of the people dont understand the bad impact of laws on the lives of farmers.  Government is very wrong here. #supportfarmers
Not win for farmers
As pr my thoughts, these protest could have been more bloody in near future. You shoot a protester they start riots then you bring army in which lots of sikh are present they would shoot on there own community people or go against government and this would have bring civil war within India and this would bring China to attack on India.Remember , Indra assassin could have been repeated after this and this would bring India on its knees forever.....a law was pulled back which was for farmers now they will understand the importance of it later as now they will be in misery again. A time to stop khalistan and anti India movement gave time to government also to make them rethink.Remember this law was never a security law in protection of nation.It was meant for farmers but behind the curtains the plan was fool on flourish to create massive riots during Punjab and UP election next year and Punjab shares border with Pakistan.....think of the repulsion
Thank u so much sir i was waiting for it to getting details knowledge of it so that i can explain in my village's farmers including my father 
I think FCI should start procuring foodgrains from other states too not just punjab and haryana , if it procures crops from farmers of Andhra , maharashtra , gujarat , UP , Telangana in MSP then that would be a big deal
This video clarifies some of the legal myth around this bill, but otherwise it is supporting government position.
Today opposition politics won , farmers lost.
O my God.... Well done ...we are with our farmers  God bless us all.
#FarmerProtestSupportIndiaINDIA 
Well said Pakistan, and Victory for Taliban on your Independence Day for New Afghanistan.
If Tikait have some confidence then why he is not fighting the election?
He's politician who's got guard of farmer protest
Our top priority should be safeguarding our borders with Pakistan so that no terrorism can spill onto our side of the border. Afghan themselves are responsible for their own freedom. Russia, China both have accepted Taliban as a reality. We shouldn't really get involved in this mess.
farmers sell potatoes 10-20 rs per kilogram and chips company sell 50 grams potato chips for rs 10. Means 200 rs kg.
In future , It will be difficult for any PM to bring Agriculture reform .Otherwise I think Farm laws could have benefited to small farmers.
This Modi Govt wants to operate like a Trader/Businessman, and,not like a Social institution. Simply handover the profit-making govt institutions to corporates like r trying with MTNL, BSNL, Railways, Air-India etc etc
Jai jawaan jai kisaan.  Kisaan Zindabad. Jai Hind. Those who insulted our dear farmers will pay a heavy price.  700 farmers sacrificed their life. We salute them. Jai Hind.
BJP is Busy in saving his Ministers Shame on YOGI.
The bill has been not properly explained to the farmers that's why the are protesting ,in the wrong influence of apportion party and millde Mandy man
One other question nobody has answered is why only Punjab, Haryana and a part of UP farmers are agitating. Why not in Bengal where the TMC is strong or in Maharashtra or in TN where the people chant all the time "Go Back Modi"??  There is no traction at all in TN, Karnataka, Kerala (where again BJP has zero presence) or in AP. Why?
Hon. PM Modiji decision are always in interest of Hindustan.
Hahahaha Mr Reddy,  farmers are not fool
Why do you think that out side the APMC they will sell for less? Outside the APMC they will get 8.5% more money just by saving the surcharges also they have option to sell for higher. Also contact farming is the really good option, instead of growing something which then they have to sell in APMC, here they will get a contract before start farming. In all developed countries they have contact farming and that makes their fathers rich. Companies like Walmart and Big Bazaar, government is putting condition that they must purchase goods and produce from the local market only, in that case farmers are in benefits.
Indians stands with farmers . Modi's bill only for corporates..sack new farm bill
They complaint about current condition of Farmers and don't want reform..what is this hypocrisy 
Why the hell police have guns against the farmers?
ye 1980 me congress ki paida ki huvi RSS-BJP hai. *This kisan bill is long term conspiracy.*
The biggest problem of Modi is,he is very eager to enter in to history books as the greatest ruler of India.
Pls modi media tell em they khalistanis too
This is violence of human rights.  You can not put farmer rights in cage.  Totally, unacceptable action. 
The reporter is saying exactly what Government tried to argue. He is saying that farmers allege but not what other experts are saying. Also the anchor is not doing anything other than bashing Modi.
God bless all Farmer
I am a Punjabi...and this so called farmers protest is against Modi...
It is essential to calm down the farmers by withdrawing the new farm bill
Thanks delhites for supporting farmers 
700 farmers have lost there lives
Current APMC system should be liberalized and streamlined first for benefit of farmers
Farmers protest is successful as farmers have a bit extra time than middle class. Unfortunately middle class cannot go on dharna indefinitely and that is why there are the least taken into account by politicians. Having said that, still it requires a big big effort and well deserved win for our farmers.
Only when you sweat in the fields will you know the value of the labour of the farmers. People living in AC accomodation should try and dirty their hands and then talk.
@Dhruv Rathee.. i think you should post a video on current situation after government consideration and meetings with Farmers.
Suna tha kishan rally me neta nahi aayenge , ye kon bol rahe hai, inhone to election rally bana li
I think modi just came to know little bit about farmers of up hariana and punjab
2021 : Farmer's protest in jan feb , may god bless the rest year
When Telecommunications was privatised they never said they are going to kill BSNL but it was put on doses slow poison and corruption within it has done it in.  Because spectrum is owned by Govt we don't understand business where in Farming farmers are the ones who produces the crop which is like Spectrum in telecommunications and if there's a dispute he can not go to court of law but has to seek remedy from a DM. That is like moving backwards for a developing country which tops the chart in most corrupt countries list
Brother contact direct farmers and do some research with farmers and u will come to know ground reality
But I support whatever farmers want ,I don't understand laws so don't know who is right or who is wrong here.
I think all the farmers should stop growing grain for people except for themselves only and private player or industries will feed all the nation at cheap prices
but now they are opposing when BJP bringing it for farmers.
2.why only farmers from Punjab are in this protest against the farm laws and not from other states?
Re protests: Just because something good has not been communicated well (as alleged on BJP now on these good laws), does not take away the fact that the laws are still v good for the farmers.Let's pl kill the 'BJP failed to communicate' narrative and condemn this protest.
Good policy for farmers
Main problem is that even after food surplus, farmers are not getting the actual price they deserve.
2 way  front is open now China border par insaide khalistani kisan
- If it only the farmers who are protesting, why are they not coming to a negotiation with the govt?
His son needs to be in jail n pay for these farmers life
So this bill was about farmers or all the multi layered bicholias in between that increase the overall cost.
It is really unfortunate that 3 farm bill has been taken back. It is failure on part of government that it could not understand the benefits of the bill
These Laws would have bought Loss to small scale Farmers who are in majority in long term!! So may be it's withdrawal will benefit small scale farmers! The bill will only benefit large scale farmers
BJP was calling them aandolan jivi , khalistani etc thn why repealing farm laws now.
Please form a political party with name KISAN MAZDOOR PARTY INDIA and participate in MP elections and also in different states assembly elections like Punjab 2022 and Haryana. Be your own boss rather than looking towards corrupt traditional parties. If aam admi party can form govt in Delhi then why can't you. After independence this is first time so many people from different states gathered under one umbrella, so try to avail this golden opportunity. If Kisan can manage this Dehli Morcha peacefully and properly why can't they run a country.
The Centre has set a bad precedent by giving in to the pressure of farmers; Hereafter the other sections of the society will follow in the footsteps of the farmers to get their demands fulfilled.
The best video I have come across regarding Farm bills. ...Thanks a lot sir.
It was started by "Rahul Gandhi" during september'2020 when he drove tractor rally from state of "Haryana & Punjab"
This is win of all of us. Win of righteous, labor, farmers and most importantly democracy.
We support farmers
You seemed biased and you have also not mentioned about the amendment in commodities Act 1955, the change in essential commodities and government won't interfere till the price increase upto 100% and about the allotment of land to big corporate houses.
We support farmer
 He is a traitor... Rakesh Tikait..now give solutions to farmers. Stop putting burden on tax payers shoulders. That is what Rakesh Tikait are doing. Dirty politics... Rakesh Tikait should be in jail
Bitiya ,it is your spirit which won this battle for farmers.
Today is our great republic day but on the name of farmers terrorists made it black day. Strict action needed on the responsible persons, they should not dare to play with our Tiranga. My Tiranga.
I am a farmer and I feel very sad about the repeal of the laws! Only shows how powerful the middle men are!
owaisi help bjp to win election
Accha hua kisaan ko marna hai to govt kya kare no need to do any reform for farmers
Congratulations everyone Indian economy is going to be same as Pakistani economy 
Even this is not a coincidence that when everyone was coming to delhi first day he came delhi around 5am he was not stopped by police from delhi and Haryana dont know why.  Then He came to india gate, seesh ganj sahib Gurudwara and he was posting everything on social media while police was arresting others who were caming to delhi before and after him. 
No discussion and consultation was made for the passing of farm laws, there's also no discussion and consultation for the repeal of farm law. Is parliament becoming the toilet of BJP?
no Farmers no food remember it
They acted like hynas and hunted this lion hearted sikh farmer
Leaving the farmers at the mercy of the market is like handing them over a "death sentence"
Therefore the Govt reached a spot of no return and with the elections in 22, it might have thought that the withdrawal of the three farm laws would be a better face saving one than doing so after defeat in the elections.
become independent .Rich farmers ' struggle is for preserving their vested interests. Sadly new Farm Laws were  also being given a communal colour .Govt in Punjab is also controlled by these very influential Rich farmers' lobby.
YOU MUST ASK EVERY FARMER FIGHTING AGAINST THESE REFORMS THAT NOW ONWARDS HOW WOULD ANY GOVT DARE TO REFORM ANY SECTOR ESPECIALLY THE AGRICULTURAL SECTOR? This agitation was just a reputation tussle, not any logical base.
Haryana , Punjab especially are going to be heavily impacted , but instead of slowly assuring farmers about the laws and properly consulting about it , listening to what they want , the way they hurried and passed this bill and labeled "Every protestor" as a "Terrorist". You can see where this is leading up to.
We support in farmer movement..!! and Diljit..!!
Mappu Mappu studying savarkar in modi. This only election drama bjp not forget people not vote for Bjp elections. Not banthi kia fayithahe how any people dead one year kussan protest 600 people dead kia fayithahe abi canceled gst every thing failure bjp poor people unemployed and uneducated
I stand with farmers.  
The poor farmers have no voice, these are the rich ones
If the problem is actually with over excess production of wheat and rice, why did not the bill focus on that specifically. The bill could have just disincentivise the sale of these produce which would've automatically resulted in farmers shifting to other produce.
Legalising MSP which is calculated based on surplus tally is the right thing to be done for the farmers.
Farmers those who are in support for this laws should come and protest.....
2019 bank scams reach a record of 77000 crores and ruling party bjp has no idea what happened and media didn't said a small information about it what modi did is for rich people
"Their hands are tied not by ropes but by the greed of the intermediaries that the system has generated, who eat up the farmers income while it is on its way into his hands."
Kerala? There is no protest here by farmers only political drama nd bandh created by parties
Always support farmers.
WE ARE HARMING THE NATION BY THESE COMMENTS -- MODI JI IS DOING NO ONE WOULD HAVE EVER IMAGINED -- NEED TO HAVE SOME PATIENCE !
Jai jawan Jai kisaan. Totally biased achor. That's called BJP media.
I'm in the support of farmers but today's act was so shameful and all the focus from farmers bill shifted to khalistan matter
They produce and whole India eats farmers are for their Right
In short these 3 bills are only good on papers.. But practically they will exploide farmers very badly.. And this only farmers can get.. I am standing strong with farmers.. 
2. After killing Andhra Sriramulu power hungry Nehru who was not shaken even by Bhagat trio hanging, got scared and passed linguistic reorganization bill. Periyar Nayaka and Ambedkar opposed to centre formation in Delhi and as per EU model, demanded separate countries for non hindi regions but were not heard as racist British already raped and produced a slave Macaulay generation ( who are now bollywood, army and central govt employees) from north Indians.
Wouldn't have been better if u had asked them to ur home... U would've saved all the trouble.. U isolated them from the most of farmers who are celebrating.. And showing us the people whose agenda is aligned with that of yours..
But the some people who hates modi and the khalistanis who take over the andolan...
The only channel which presented a neutral view on the farm laws. I don't support bjp but I still support the farm laws after understanding the economics behind it. 
Farm reforms must be formed by only those people who are involved in this business, starting from the manufacturer, transporter , stockist, warehouse , distributor and price regulator , other people are incapable of doing it
Guys, if these farmer bill are sooooo bad, why are only 2 states involved in this, why not the other millions of farmers in India?
Farmers are real ruler of INDIA 
proudly with farmers 
Congratulations to BJP upon winning 2022 UP elections.
That's  we need treat goons as goons not  as farmers
So either the protest is politically fueled or the farmers are misguided by those who don't like current government.
Long live Farmers, Long live their Patriotism. Long live Sikhism. Long live their fighting Spirit.
Shame on you India, hitting the farmers, who feed you.
The protest taking place literally only in punjab and haryana lol. Pretty sure farmers exist outside of those two states in the massive country of Indian xD
Thank you so very much for repealing the 3 farm laws on gurpurab  god bless you pm modi ji
I REQUEST INDIA STOP YOUR NONSENSE TO PUT PAKISTAN AND AFGHANISTAN DOWN JAST STOP TAKING NONSENSE WOOMEN WELL WORK
Aar kisan terrorist h to law wapas q liya is gov  ne ye gov chor j
This video has provided the best ever discussion with farmers. Got to know the true motives of protest. 
You are teaching or trying to justify farmers protest. Try to teach don't act Non-sensible..
..agar modi bill lata hi na to ye sab nhi hota ...all responsibility goes to one and only modi
In solidarity with Indian farmers 
This chap is still saying the farm laws were good. Couldn't expect anything better from this Bhakt of Modi and BJP.
Whattt a video scoopwhoop.. really amazed by your work... Will work hard to help our farmers as much as i can...
Farmers are not criminals. Feeling bad for them.
Respect on PM Modi ji doubled . He always worked for India's development. He doesn't have false egos. He proved that he whole heartedly respects the democracy and System. 
"Protest against farm laws, Politics or Farmer welfare"
great explanation and support for farm reform s specially coming from Shekhar and Print,  which is mostly critical of tne govt, 
Defeat of small scale farmers, Allah bless them ,may their soul rest in peace..
Rakesh jjj is. Victory.. ....
Those who are supporting Owaisi ,you are nothing better than bhakts ,one side u guys are opposing Bjp because of communalism and other side support Owaisi ,lol how hypocrite u guys are ...
the lallantop you really do an appreciable act to show to ground situation of hardness and sacrifices of kishan .. this will lead a great impact to feel the pain of farmers in everyone heart #supportsfarmers #savemotherland 
How about limiting the number of farmers cropping the same crops and/or limiting area of crops for each crop. Example: limiting sugar cane crops to 1 million acres and divide that by the number of farmers doing that crop,then,they can crop something else if they have extra land left.
Farmer should be given freedom to protest smoothly...
Finally the arrogant government was forced to bow down in front of farmers. Jai hind 
One can see where India is heading. Everyone must support each other and fight against Modi supporters. Otherwise they'll ruin the country.
liteally having tears in my eyes after the scence where punjab and haryana farmer where huging each other.the best documentary ever i have watched on farmers.now i am thiking that why we are learning civivs in our schools because there is no democratic right in india the goverment is throwing water sticks wtf is happening.now from daily 1 or 2 farmers are dying but the media is not showing that and on onther hand when susand died i think the issuee was there from next 6 months the farmers are also people only.i think india is becoming germany of hitler times there also the same happen..so the people of india ope your bloddy eyes and see what is happening there..many people are saying that there is mella no the people are dying............there so plz now you call any person sitting in rain in this cold winter days khalistani or a terrorists you have to be a murderer or killer of farmers..so plz dont trust any media....i am with farmers...................................... kisanmajdoorektazindabad
I think government is too late...They may have convinced farmers till now...mistake are made by both sides...
all i can see is some lovely farmers peacfully driving tractors along the street.anyone who exaggerate it is trying to demonize democracy
2 of the major rivers of indus water treaty pass through punjab and fresh water is essential for paddy farms.
Farmers are the back bone of India ..... I support farmer's 
They are not farmers, they politically motivated.
I shall not vote to BJP, Captain and Dhindsa because BJP is downing Punjabs Farmers, Mazdoors and Vapari financially by keeping closed trade through Attari Border.
We are farmers
sikhs are brave nation and one day they will have their own country in so called india,because india is a continent of 154nations like kashmir,nagaland,punjab
5.Due to monopoly  and high power in corporates - they will force farmers to sell/contract for free 
Not happy with the govt outrightly repealing the law. It should have been amended if flaws are there. It may act as catalyst for other protests across country so what will be the govts action for other similar protests then we have to see... Highly disappointed with the govt repealing the law under pressure where the protestors have caused mayhem and ruckus in and around delhi. I don't know why there were no protests around other places in country except Delhi and ncr, aren't farmers everywhere in country or govt is bending it's ways for those who can afford to protest in and around delhi and not caring for other place farmers.
But all the bjp it cell or media only show a farmer who have a stone in his hand nd called him dangae
Lets not loose the point inconvenience is created by failure of government by not handling situation well. They could have resolved this issues when farmers protest were limited to states. Government and media cant always blame citizens for everything. Its high time we make government accountable.
agreee i hope this issue resolves soon between govt and farmers 
It escapes me when SG says new laws are ground breaking and farmer friendly too. Basically these are not to be called new at all. These are simple repealment of APMC. APMC was created to help farmers get fair treatment in selling their produce. It may have failed miserably in ensuring MSP for non-governmental purchase in which case the new laws should be to strengthen where the current system fail. 
finally justice for the farmers
Farmers are responsible and real and royal for democracy
Thank you so much sir I get more information from your channel.... but   I will contact to you so which time connect your call sir please reply I am son of farmer from small village
Safety net not always work for rich farmers, even FCI is not directly involved in procurement. It is entirely done through state agencies like PUNSUP PUNGRAIN MARKFED etc. First time your lecture was looks like half boiled egg.
Media should ask: why are they stoping  the farmers?
I only subscribe your channel by this video because i support kisan adolan
its only a protest of corrupt apmc  traders...who eat both consumer like us and farmer
Madam you have explained  the problems of farmers in present government systems, but you have not explained that these three new bills will resolve these problems if yes than how.
Let's go #FARMERS#WORLDWIDE WE HAVE TO FIGHT AS ONE!
Shame on these protestors ...they are not farmers but traitors .... they took down our national flag and placed Khalistan flag....they are backed by pro Khalistan separatists ....the leaders of the farmers organisation who took the permission for this 'peaceful' protest should be held accountable and put behind bars ....
I have a doubt Bihar say mandi system 2006 me abolish hua and we all know the situation there but Punjab and Haryana me abhi bhe hai and people migrate to Punjab from Bihar to work as labours why? Is mandi really that bad? Also dude near my place there is government storage facility of wheat and trust me its rats haven and most of shit is rotten.
We should support our farmers 
Farmer is the only person who cultivates food but still gets starved of food. Media are biased in showing and diverting the topic. Thanks to media ppl like this who share the other side of story. Help and support farmers.
This is not a farmer agitation it is Arthiyas agitation... Arthiyas are the agent who are used of squeezing poor farmers, but modi now doesn't allow this anymore...
Mahapanchayat of dalals, not of farmers. Farmers are being hoodwinked by these people, led by Tikait named dacoit.
We support kISHAN...
Salute to the spirit of Haryana and Punjab
Shame less government they are doing this farmers who feed us,, end of the humanity
Ask BJP pm to mention MSP in bill.
How innocent farmers run over How nation is silent when this kind of Goonism is taking place
Great Sandeep ji.We are with farmers and your support through fair reporting is more important
Then good steps will take hundreds of years to be implemented and hence india is not progressing fast. Taking all  into confidence means diluting the step to a level which the step become irrelavent. Landmark dicisions are those which are taken unanimously. So I feel sorry regarding the rollback. I think modi should have stuck to his stance.
Beautiful documentary. Thank you for showing things the way they are. It shows the reality of the farmers and there strength. No Farmer No Food
International human rights organisations need to bring this up and high light it in the western media also bring India human rights violations in the United Security Council as soon as possible.
I stand with farmers....
Finally farmers win
It's very easy to say that farmers must produce more vegetables edible oil, but why would one do so if he is making less money.
There are 12 cr farmers in india. Its only a few hundreds from punjab haryana supported by urban naxals, anti india islamic elements who are blocking roads which is not peaceful protests. Government should take these to SC and let matter be be decided there. Then they have no excuse. Vande mataram.
KAFAN CHOR, ARAKSHAN CHOR KE RAJ MEI MAHILA KA POLICE KE SAMNE CHIR HARAN. JATTIWADI, THAKURWADI YOGI KHUD JAHIL TALIBAN KI TARAH HI.
Farmer should not allowed to starve like that. The government must reduce budget on arm to support them.
He is using farmers as weapons
Vice team, it's good to see young people taking initiative.  Overall a good report.  On your next report please spend more time on what is wrong with the laws point by point.  Most independent economist, including at least one at the World Bank say these new laws will decrease incomes of family farmers and increase food prices for the consumer.  They are very cleverly written to concentrate more wealth into the hands of Ambani/Adani's of India.  It's not capitalism, it's cronyism.  We have already seen in the state of Bihar, where these laws were implemented at the state level . . . farm revenue has been cut in half.  Imagine when this is implemented across all of India over the next decade and competition is obliterated.  The current system is not perfect, but that is not an excuse to take wealth from the middle class and redistribute to the 0.000001%, . . . yes that is a real number, 17 Billionaires in India worth over $5B / 1,353,000,000 Population.  For many of these 17, (though not all) most of their wealth comes from massive transfer of Indian taxpayer funds through corrupt contracts and transfer of Indian tax payer owned assets for pennies on the dollar.  It does not come from innovation or great business acumen.  In fact they are stifling innovation and GDP growth.  China . . . not exactly a model of capitalism or great governance was growing at almost twice the GDP rate when their economy was at $3T.  These Ambani/Adani types could teach class to the Russian oligarchs on corruption.  Now they have set their eyes on the Indian farmer.  Unfortunately for them, farmers may have allot less money because it is honest money, but they are smarter and more resourceful than these so called business tycoons.
What the Indian farmers need is not unguided freedom; what he needs is help both financial and technological.
Tribute to the farmers lost their lives
Now indian farmers would earn equaivalent to American farmers now 
We want a hindi movie on farmers protest.
3)  the Essential Commodities (Amendment) Act, 2020  as part of a broad strategy to reform Indias agriculture.
One second you say MSP encourages Monoculture,  another second you say only 6% farmers get MSP and model should be extended. It should be extend so there can be more Monoculture.? You say government doesn't have space store grain, then you say government should have more mandis ? The need of the hour is transparent market acess, hand holding of farmers by corporates and scientific community.
Thank you lallantop news channel for showing farmers side
one thing is clear farmers, youth, poor; middle class, asha workers, contract govt employees, teachers etc will change the govt.
I thought this press conference was to change the name of farmers
Personally I  support the new farm laws but I dont get why people are making such a big issue over a flag seems a bit childish to me. Ive seen many people favouring Hindu rahstra flag over India flag but I dont care because most of the people who do this are innocent and not that educated you guys shouldnt take it so seriously.  
The demands of the farmers are very reasonable. The government should accede to their demands without further delay.
If you are not ready to accept the change, change will change you..It goes for both the government as well as farmers
I thinks it bit difficult. For example, my family is from bihar which is one of the poorest state in India, these new farm laws can literally make our annual income from crops twice. Like right now my family is cultivating cauliflower and if these farm laws were in place, we would earn almost 5-6 times on this crop itself but if u r a rich farmer or from a rich state like Punjab or haryana then yeah these laws can decrease ur income and security quite a lot. In simpler terms these laws giver poor states more opportunity and money, and all that money and opportunity is being taken from rich states like punjab and harayan. Thats why farmers of these states are they only one protesting it. In a way its kinda like socialism
Sir 700 people died, his party netas call farmers as terrorists and jihadists. Modi didnt even give a single speech sadly stating it. Like amarawathi farmers, farmers all over should start a walk to each and every state and publish about rest of laws, loss caused to farmers by it and fight till each and every farm bill is repealed. Farmers should be supported by each and every state government and help them acehive it.
Waiting eagerly on your takedown of the media response on the farm laws
Hats off to all those farmers who fought tooth and nail and finally got victory, my sincere gratitude to all those families who had lost their near and dear ones while fighting for the nation.
the farmers did right
They said it right- it's not about religion and everyone is supporting farmers. Stand with farmers and support farmers.
It's required discussion because 700 innocent farmers lost their lives. Government has to answer
If only farmers understood the overall benefit
This shooot lockdown had already made lower class or destroyed them ... unfortunately for farmers it's became a denger indirectly....due to farmer protest lockdown had not being announced. in india..and we are safe for at least to recover the loss happen last ! In other side The billionr kinda guys are slowly eating nations....!
Farmer organisations should trust the consumers of the country to pay the right price. There might be a need to plant a different crop but these are not things that cannot be discussed or resolved in peace.
Please do a story on Indian media and IT cell of BJP
Shame on police and godi media
mostly farmers are fools.
You have provided half baked information. One of the  bill is for unlimited storage. This will increases price for common peoples also. You totally skipped that part. Declaring MSP and buying on MSP are two different things.
If any other business gets into losses government don't help but farmers get free water, electric supply,seeds,uria and money too. Non sense. I would be happy to see india becoming less n less dependent on these bekar people. All developed countries have least farmers.
Good work Arfa Khanum. You along with The Wire and few digital platforms are the Fourth Pillar of our democracy, who take up matters of the people, by the people and for the people. Keep up the good work. God's and People's Blessings are with you'll. And hope the godi media also realise the power of democracy one day.
Sir one concept talk on krishi bill or kisan aandolan
They are not farmers .. they are truly inspired political people's.. so government should ignore not to listen these fellow
Rakesh Tikait has become seasoned politician, his home work is deeply researched,Modi has bit more than it can chew, he thinks, every body is Anpadh like him. RT gaslights him.
legal backing from govt in contract farming for farmers,
We are with farmers
Sir but you are missing so many other important points like how a farmer can negotiate with a corporate personal haven't you seen Darshan's movie Yajamaana this system is truely supporting to that
Why show a BJP supporter as a Political Analyst?
Godhi media is only showing what happen to police vehicles but they didn't show how tractors of farmers and Indian flag on farmers tractors are destroyed and you are saying police is very right.
Where were you when during farm law agitation?  Why you did not support opening during that time?
RSS is fearing that BJP will loose in U P election  because of farmers agitation so they are supporting   the farmers so that the people change their mind  and vote for RSS but this  is a gain for BJP.  RSS chamcha of BJP
Dhruv ,keep up with the good work you are doing. Informations n Datas are being presented according to the ruling govt's interest by Godi Medias. Facts are being locked up. ... Keep enlighting us @AkashBanerjee n You
Modi ji ko strict action lena chahiye, public aapke saath hai
Ofcourse the bill was never passed in a democractic manner. And if the farmers themselves don't want this bill, who the fuck are these politicians to enforce this on them. Our common people should indeed support our farmers first and not the government coz they never think about us.
I fully support farmers...they r fighting not only 4 themselves bt 4 us also.
It s victory of unity & great efforts of Punjabi farmers. They didn't get support from other parts of states n farmers so, the credit goes to only these farmers. My solute...
India salutes your courage and journalism Ravish ji
Cold war averted.Agri culture not angry culture is paramount for bhakti of annapurna.Farmer sr ctzns must be involved.
Why are these farm bills bad for farmers?
Very nice bro I have full support I joined u n wishing u all d best keep it up ...media ka responsibility Kya hai yeh samajhna BHT jaruri hai
We Stand with our Farmers 
Foolish Zee Media Lol.
Deepest respect for the farmer brothers and sisters!
Why govt.make rules that FCI should make payment to farmer by direct payment only ( with supporting land records) . So, corrupt people cannot take advantage of this as they do not have supporting farm land.
5. What are the positives observed in Bihar if the policy is already implemented there? Do the farmers their satisfied without the APMCs?
Bbc is the real news channel in india thanks for this we are Farmer's not terrorist
Remove poor middle man and replace them with rich corporate middle players .Just like bringing corporate people as middle man in ISRO . Rules are simple kick out poor & bring in private player as middle man. Newslaundry philosophy is simple glorify Modi & BJP.
Farmers, the sons of the soil, rooted for the repeal of the laws, know what is good for them instead of politicians. Pray for those crusaders who lost their souls. Farmers are no fools.
I stand with farmer
Their no relation between government and farmers
Farmer bill controversy explained in very easy words. Thanks Finology. But why the Govt. is so rigid to implement such law?
But don't you think it's 100% failure of Yogiji administration they should have arrested Takit immediately without giving time. Or may be Modiji wants more exposure of these people and Congress.
I am in indian army and my father is farmer. And my father is also in the andolan and what city people know  about the farmer feeling . Why don't the modi take back the bill ? The farmer is not accepting the bill . Then why the government forcing the farmers.
we are from Ambala,  haryana. We are against these bills.
All are not farmers yarr How can farmers do protest with sowrds and politics mai ye police ki kya galti h vo to bus un gande logo k orders follow kar rhi h
The fear of exploitation by Pvt sector is misguided, becoz if it were to be true then Liberalisation of Indian economy in 1991 would have made India a destitute country by now. For this reason support, Agriculture bill by Modiji.
Shame on reporters who use their skills to oppose a price which is by definition MINIMUM. These sold out journalist will never cover stories on why we buy items for  rs 100 plus which farmers sell for 5. And why they cant get a assurance to sell the same at say 2.
Modi Govt should give Income Tax exemption , also , to Physically Handicapped and Punjab Govt should give free electricity to Handicapped Punjabis too . We do not support the demand by Physically Handicapped for a separate Wikilangista
Kisan Mazdoor ekta zindabad we have won the Protest.Respect and Salute to all the farmers. 
FSP - Farmers Spot Price
The best interview  of Farmers  ALL THE POINTS ARE WELL EXPLAINED  BEFORE 11 MONTH TO THE GOVERNMENT,  THEY HAVE TO FULL FIL IT.
it is not a victory of all farmers, but it is the  victory of those farmers who tried to pull other farmers into their agenda without knowing anything and forming parties too
Long live the farmers
Hahahaha, zindabad! ISI zindabad! Pakistan-Russia-China-Iran-Turkey alliance zindabad! Please don't hesitate to reply your frustrations in the comments! 
You  not see what is happening in india  with kashmir .now wait for pak ,taliban army,china and others surprise.
ladakh people support farmers
"Farmers across the country are protesting the farm bills" Is this thing true? AFAIK only the farmers from Punjab, Haryana and UP are protesting. What about other parts of the country? Can you guys do ground reporting on the other parts of the country to know their opinions?
The opposition don't want discuss , they only want to create disturbance . Really shameful opposition . For discussion we have show patience and discipline .but they are creating drama , disrespecting construction and speaker . They are talking about the  700 farmer who died in protest , but what about lakhs of  farmer who have done sucide , killed  in 70 year of congress rule . The condition of farmer is due to congress . Now bjp is trying to do something for farmers , farmer needs some reform so that Their economic conditions turn better .  The three laws was nice , yes they need some changes but repealing laws , I am not happy . We are losing 4th gen warfare , now foreign powers trying to disturb india internally . I know common people don't understand this , lack of education is the biggest problem . Those who know everything is silent , not raising their voice , if one dakkait can force govt to repeal law ... then their are lakhs of farmer and patriotic peoples who should support govt .   Jai hind 
Sad that the farmers of India lost an opportunity for reforms and betterment. Did not expect Modi to bargain the prosperity of the farmers from the rest of the country to appease Punjabi middlemen.
Rakesh ji you are a great kisan leader
They are farmers they are just protesting for themselves .they have no right to beat them . I really don't think that India has the biggest. Democracy in the world .
In my opinion these bills are the best for not only Farmers but would Facilitate the Indian economy manifold 
People in Punjab nd Haryana, don't let uninvited people enter in their villages.
On what basis tikait is leader or representative of farmers?
Congress' Sonia ji went away from India when the Farm bills were introduced in the Parliament facilitating smooth passage of the bill. And now She is living away from Delhi's "pollution" when farmers are protesting against the Farm Laws at the doors of Delhi.   
Farmer protest "WINS"  central gov surrender
It's even more violent and cruel to subject these farmers and their families to poverty and even lower quality of life. Stop demonizing people who are trying to upscale their quality of life to decent standards that have long been exploited by capitalism for maximum profits.
Most farmers are satisfied with the farm bill
It is important that the South of Vindhyas is informed about the details of the Farm Bills and how they are going to harm the farmers' interests. While the country is vast, it is necessary that the sizeable Southern part is not left uninformed. There seems to be little awareness in the States  of AP, Karnataka and Tamilnadu or even in Kerala. In Telangana, CM KCR is repeatedly announcing that his Government wont implement the new Farm Bills as they go to harm the interests of farmers. Excepting this, there is little commotion in Southern States. Generating opinion in Southern States will be an important element for the success of farmers. Country shall speak with one voice. Or else there will be doubts about the reasons and motives of the movement.
Big victory for farmers. Unity in farmers once again proved itself. Like bhagat singh had gotten victory over Britishers by hunger strike was continued  more than two months.
Well the examples given didn't rise up to the actual problem, because it's always been a double edged sword in which only farmers will get killed by that sword,i support the protest because the acts are shamelessly passed,just because the finance  minister doesn't eat onions, onions are out of the essential commodities,so its baseless that people think that a middle class person eats a burger from McDonald's than eating cereals like barley and rice
9:45 Godi media will say farmers are enjoying their picnic
Indian farmers = Sikhs, Indian Army = Sikhs, Indian Independence = Sikhs, wow, you are great brothers
Ok by putting up the Khalsa flag, u have made what was intended to be solely an economic issue of farmers into a communal and religious issue, which makes no sense at all!  U are just fueling that who khalistani bs which everyone knows will never happen. That too u did that on a secular monument!
Aaj tractor Aur kisan Road par Hain 
When will godi media have sympathy on reality...
Well done. Congratulations. Such good news for the farmers. Much love!!!!! 
Abhi tak log maulana modi and afraid of khalistanis bolre the but they ignored the problem for india in UN as it may list india as an unsafe state for the **peaceful minorities**.
Remove MSP for Agriculture. Otherwise fix MSP for all products including factory products. Stop pampering farmers
Thanks for supporting us love from punjab 
Why this anti farmers guys keep getting platforms on Aaj tak
BJP passed the bill using it's majority.SC has stayed the bill.In short,the farms laws are non existent so why this hullabaloo
Farmer sows the seed. Bible is the seed God jesus sowed n satisfied our soul. C " Bible' in google!'....
I feel like farmers would have benefitted more had sir negotiated with the government rather than the farmer leaders
I salute these farmers for their clarity, determination, dedication, unity during these difficult times.
Rakesh tikayat  and congress party , Prashant kisore making this programme  2024 election s stunts in up
World great leader Modi Ji
It's not Kisaan Andolan.. It's sign of One more possible partition of India. Khalistan... Govt. Of India should strictly take actions against these activities. It's crime against Nation, Security and Integrity of India. Farmer engage in his work not in Such activities. This movement is run by Nakli Kisaan
Modi ji is only leader who can save India from corrupt parties like Congress and its allies. We are proud to have PM like modi ji, God bless him...
3) How can the bill on Farmers Price Assurance be truly effective in the absence of a price regulatory body, so that farmers do not fall into the exploitation of big Industrialist groups ?
Do u remember what shekhar conceded with truth after 2019 victory.  On day of demo and gst , late Mr Jaitley said that Modi has come to make change , not to spend time for 5 years
If these bills are so much beneficial to farmers, why BJP is not talking with farmers & explaining them their fraud theories, *BIG SHAME on Swarajya channel* , Abb yeh desh kam Bhartiya janta private company ltd jyada lagta hai.
Having personal grudges to any media or party with party person or their thinking is different issue but IF WE CAN SAVE OUR FOOD FOR LAST POOR FAMILY OF OUR NATION THEN PLEASE EXTEND YOUR THINKING HAND ALSO PLEASE INFORM TO ALL THOSE WHO HAS CRITICS FOR FARMERS SECURITY, IF YOU HAVE BETTER SUGGESTIONS THEN PLEASE SPREAD BY MEDIA TO INCLUDE IN BILL FOR UPGRADATION.
Pl feel this should be forwarded to me Rakesh tiket hope he will forward it to all my kisans brother s offcourse if he true Kisan or planning for utter Pradesh elections he will never
I am from tamilnadu.... tamilnadu people always not supported modi....he is very criminal mind and he is right hand of ambani .....after jallikattu protest we not supported ....1 single vote also we didn't put him.....now only north india people seeing his real face
Disliked because of the captions written , Supporting farmers always.
Sir please arrest those goons who caused riots and show the world that they were not farmers 
Lmfao, go and read farm laws, then read the demands of these farmers. Stop spreading lies. Farmers from other than 2 states are going about their life. Didn't expect such misinformed vid from Noah. 
Punjabis will always support Haryana  dont let modi government come in between you .
Hats off to the farmers... Their struggle today paying off
Dear SG there are number of ways to bring reforms in the agriculture even the farmers want that the present laws are biased with vested interest that has made farmers apprehensive , am sure better laws can be drafted with inputs from all stakeholders
I find it absolutely ridiculous that tv anchors spinning it like Modi is the hero behind the farm laws repeal. They should be ashamed that they are giving the credit to Modi instead of the farmers  who have been protesting on the streets for more then a year, it's a blood shame, I come to hate Modi and his bunch of sycophant more and more everyday,
VOTING is ultimate protest in democracy. No policy of Elected Govt can get 1 billion people support. Even if 10% against it then it is 100 million people protest.
The TRUTH is that if these are Farmers then Kasab was a Freelancer.
Two years back even the farmers from Tamil Nadu  protested in Delhi and this govt didn't even care  about that
Implementation of MSP will cause food price inflation, which will require doubling of minimum wages across India, which means shutting down small & medium businesses. Thus, creating a feedback loop of destruction. The new Agriculture bill, aims to correct that, by shifting price  burden on private sector. Thereby, making it a sustainable & long term arrangement, benefitting both sides.
Negative talk on BJP.... Future it impact..,.. ambhani growing day by because of this type beneficial bills 4g,CAB
Lies of dump of modiji please go out from the post of pm jalhind
Look Modi ji just pooped  yellow, ohh historic !!!!
Haryana Punjab brotherhood 
another blow farmer can give to governments and industrialists... insist agricultural income to be taxed like any other income..
Modi ji don't send the fake news.
These people were not farmers.
#FarmersProtest
Salute to our farmers
I know why msp is only available in 22 farmer product why not all farmer product and make a law  a farmer product is always a fixed price   he also get a good price for a product and get increase their income because if any farmer product  have a fixed price then he decided which produces at get best price.  Please comment
Now farmers can sell their produce and where but these people want their old derogatory system. What is wrong with them, let capitalism take hold. Free the market!
Proud to be a son of farmer
Guys your video is really good...But i belong to a farmers background and i am keeping a active watch on the protest from Bengal..But as i know the bills are the most favourable to co-operate families like Ambani's...As u have said in your video that there should be people who will make the farmers understand the contracts so what if the one who explains the contract is also bribed by the rich and due to this suppose if in the contract the time period in the contract for example 5 years and the one explaining says it as 3 years then the farmers will not be able to work in his own field freely which his ancestors have made by working day and night...
Government better listen to farmers leaders. MSP on 23 fassals in law is needed by farmers. Farmers will not give up on msp. Indian from UK.
Well done farmers . It takes a big person recognition his mistakes  well done Modi. Now bring the country together.
People who are saying these Bill's are good do they even know how these Bill's were passed, opposition was outside the parliament and BJP leaders were passing Bill's one after another without any discussion
4. Punjab farmer Kerala Ake sell karega then art 302 ke anusar parliament law to Kiya lekin Kerala farmer nuksan hoga isiliye ST  GOVT o rokna Chahta h dusre farmers Jo arahahe ...fir federal structure Ka disturbance ayega ..so bill ko states me BHI pass Karna h ya Uske liye president election type rakhna Chahiye ...elected representatives Jake vote Karo ...saaf hojayega dikat nai h 
.................. Will be back soon for the betterment of farmer's rights 
Rich Farmers and Middle man weren't happy with the Bill, they completely ignored the poor farmers, REAL FARMERS who commits SUICIDES, who work in sun bare foot, who sometime merely able to feed his kids a day meal. 
Mam u explained these laws very well but sorry to say  u lacks some knowledge about these laws and u are unable to clear farmers demands properly so please go through ur vedio once nd make a new vedio after acquiring proper knowledge of these three farm laws
Please make more videos on farmers protest.
U can learn example of this bills in Australia and USA where in USA 145 billion NPA on farmers due to this system others hand this country are well educated then indian illiteracy in farming sectors specially in rural sector
Another thing - most of the small farmers were already being exploited by the bigger farmers since these 'bigger' farmers were buying crops at a price lower than the MSP. The point of this law was to provide a path for the smaller farmers to sell their crop directly to the wholesalers which would guarantee them a better price than if they had sold it to these 'bigger' farmers. It's about giving the smaller farmers more agency over the price that they receive for their crops. This is a two-way argument; you can't talk about one side and ignore the other.
2:26  mr. Ravish your are acting like very short sighted person ..... Right now, Indian govt. Is evacuating it's citizens and afghans who are applying for e-visa . So why would PM should put their life's in risk by issuing statement against taliban ......
I think this report is giving more importance to showcase modiji than cursed activities of taliban to our embassy.
The video is good given the fact that everything is operating under perfect conditions, it misses out on over stocking, ability to manipulate prices given the large scale of warehouses and crony capitalists getting early mover advantage. Among many issues it also misses out on the legal rights of farmers to reach Courts under the case of fraud and the provisions which allow the Contractor to the use land as an undertaking for loans.
These people are agitating by using the name of farmer in fact thire aim is achiv hiden agenda
Arfa mam i like ur journalism, please do more coverage on farmer protest,,
Every Indian please come out with Farmers
functioning . . New farm laws gave small farmers an opportunity to 
Realy it is defeated the farmers special jay hind, jay Bharat
Modi didn't wanted the kisaan andolan to have a tag of 1 year complete that's why he did this repel announcement in such a hurry
Thank you Dhruv...!! I was reading newspaper and about Farmers Ordinance, thought i would have to search on Youtube to understand this topic/Issue, then you uploaded the video.. Makes my work easy.. UPSC Aspirant here..
Big Salute to beloved Farmers  
How come the manifesto of all major political parties had the somewhat same kind of farm reform laws in even 2019. I guess, different government committees in past 20 years studied this matter and also suggested about farms reform. Even Rakesh Tikait at first praised the reform and later dissociated from it. In fact, Print reported that Kaushik Basu also had same kind of suggestion to congress but when the laws came through NDA he started to come up with different problems in this law. Definitely, the failure of demonetization made PM weak as he cant say now that whatever decision he takes will reap good.  So, he failed to push hard for these reforms as the credibility already questioned on one major reform i.e. notebandi.
Kuch asamajik tatvo ne iss mauke ka fayda uthaya hai....we know that our country farmers can never do such shameless act ....hindustan zindabad
Rakesh tikkat now we r not support you only..and Rakesh tikkat ne mujfer dagga me muslim orto ke sath inke aadmiyon ne batmeeji ki thi...case withdraw kerne ke liye rakesh tikkat apne logo ko bachaya tha
After three years BJP RSS and jjp dekhlo kishano ki taak after three years khel khatam hona taay h please wait Karo don't mind please 
60k Afghan Talibans & Pakistan *vs* America & NATO(55-Countries Alliance), India, Israel, Afghan Puppet Government & Private Armed Forces (Black Water, etc). Russia, China, Iran and others also Support Afghan Talibans & Pakistan but they aren't directly involved in a Conflict.
Rakesh Tiket is to blame for this chaos.
Respect farmers peaceful protest against the new agriculture laws
Once rate fixed, the contractor might take 300% profit, as those commodities are long shelves store capacity,  why they exculde potatos, etc... Which is short term in storage. Any how all this we the people have to bear the cost effect by trade contractors. Might be contractors are reliance,  jio markets. etc....
UP and Punjab elections effect. 
I salute you all zee media for your dedication and hardwork to tarnish the protest.
Salute to all who gathered to support farmers 
I believe in the Darwin's  law, people who don't have the instinct to grow, remains supressed forever. The govt. gave an opportunity to the farmers to connect to the open market, the farmers opted to believe in the Mandis, those who always oppressed them for their own benefits.... so I have no sympathy for those farmers who tomorrow would say "Oh my situation is not improving".... The Govt needs to secure its political hold as well.... Therefore the decision is kind of anticipated.  Indian politics needs to be united in national matters otherwise, as Mr. Doval says the infected Indians will be enough to break it down.
Farmers have understood how these laws will destroy their livelyhood and give away everything to ambani adani corporations.   Even BJP lawyers are not able to respond to farmers in debates.
I think as per the apmc laws the buyers have to pay the tax/cess/mandi fee...not the farmers...the information given in this video seems to be incorrect...because the non-apmc mandi will not have any tax or commision the buyer can pay more to the farmer even after retaining his share of profit...thats why the farmers may get better price in the non-apmc mandis...the apprehension is that after few years because of less transaction happening through the apmc, the infrastructure will become unoperational and then the private buyer will start to squeeze the farmers...but as i said its an apprehension.
Fully support the farmers who are fighting for their wrights kissan zindabad 
Farmers are more than police
Alll credit goes to our farmers 
There is not a single questions to agriculture minister in the entire India only questions than to the Rakesh Tikaitji only. Who is our incompetent agriculture minister of India who is drawing taxpayers money, what is he doing. If we do it in our companies we will be sacked and asked to go..
Very unfortunate decision ...we Indians are ready to go through all the reformation process of India...may it be Market, judicial system or common civil code....we will bear all the trouble but we need chnage....full support to modiji ... please don't revoke decisions under any pressure 
More than 150 farmers have died but no outrage from media.
Farmers should be Categorised, 
these farmers need to ask for america to intervene the indian government policy, sent a representative to talk in america media and then later american senates can also encouraging the protest in new delhi's street, like seriously
Last time i was voted for BJP but now I'm realizing BJP want to rule but they are not interested in common man's issues..... Using us as tool for get victory in election.... 
I stand with farmers from J&K
Are Indian farmars fromed by people on low social class?
Please support our farmers.
My dad is Japanese and my mom is an Indian.Our family stand with farmers Love from  Japan . Keep doing the good work AAP 
Dont break your team; all 32 farmers leaders should go  stick together; flock together, in front of modiji. If modiji accepted its fault, then you should take all your belongings and resolve all your problems. Later on nothing will happen as you know modiji like to decide everything by himself. Dictatorship
middle man buys from farmers and who buys from middle man.....big corporates and middle man makes big profit from corporates...
I am requesting to all farmers plz. Plz. Read these three ordinances of farm bill. This farm bill will benefit the farmers. plz don't believe on political or farmers leaders rumors. Farm bill is providing you choices and Read it and then react. Specially punjab people plz read and don't take this protest on your ego.
Oh no, India's economy will fall... Taliban is so zulmi
 house, we were talking about all these, and when I put forward my points about so called hindutwa, farmers, muslims etc., everyone started asking  "are u even a hindu or not, why bhagwa hindustaan is causing u this much of problem, modi ji is censoring social media to stop terrorism and he is the one who made ram mandir possible (Supreme Court is Joke for them.
When BJP has bought highest court of the country...passing bill in rajyasabha is peice of cake for them
These actions make some people still doubt farmers intentions.
Animal Dung n Urine is vital supplement for Physical n Mental health of 600 crore Voters. So Farming is the least important for Indians.
If u support farmer's then port your sim... That what u can do to support farmer'
Wow,  #shrewdBJP #modiLOST #LoLBJP
Repeal of agricultural laws is a strategic move by BJP.  80% Indian farmers who did not participate in the year long agitation seemingly didn't hate the bills.
3how to direct sale in farmer produce company
Thank you modi for gdp 4 before corona .sealing in scrap rate to his two friend  1. Railway  2 air india is in waiting list of seal. 3 sea port 4. Air port.5 bsnl. 6 oil corporation  of India  7. Defance  equipment  factory  of india  8 . Coal  corporation  of india. 9 bharat  petroleum  of india .10 food corporation  of India  11.shipping corporation of India. 12 Indian  government  bank   13 LIC OF india 14. 110 rupees  per lit petrol  and diesel  15 ganga me dead bodies  16 kafan chori at prayagraj  to hide number  of corona death .LAST 70 YEARS WHICH  WAS HAPPENED  HAPPENED  IN 7 YEARS.     INDIA  WHICH  WAS BUILT  BY PREVIOUS  GOVERNMENT  WAS SEALED TO ADANI  AND AMBANI  IN RATE OF SCRAP.   ..........(MAYE DESH KO NAHI BEKANE DUNGA)
Farmers are struggling against these black laws . Government should repeal these laws . kisaan ekta jindaabaad 
The voices of farmers will not be suppressed
Dhawan sir is an ardent fan of Modiji.
Will not benefit BJP in both Punjab and UP . May b BJP is worried the farm stir would become a la nandigram
They showed a silver lining a hope for India and our constitution. Salute to all the farmers specially those who lost their lives.
If they don't want it,why should he take all the blame? Let the farmers decide their future. They'll surely regret one day. No one can save them unless they decide to save themselves.
This channel is fully modi media
I  support  the farmers movements 
Brother you have been particular of saying Punjab farmers, cant you say farmers. Do you have a proof that they are from Punjab only
No Farmer No Food
Farmers must not stop. Keep Marching. 
Spectacular.... Simply spectacular. It shows the spirits of our farmers n our countrymen... They have converted Republic Day in to a festival for us as residents of Delhi.
My blood boils when I see this. No respect for the farmers in our country? Shame on the police shame on the government... Jai jawan Jai Kisan. 
3) 3 farmer bill achhe hai
This agitation is out of farmer leaders hands now.. its getting much bigger across the states. Gov. Will surely use this as an excuse to curb the protest. Sad
Need to organize farmers
Good job uncle ji from Haryana whose showing Identity Proof of his to verify that he is from Haryana. Hats off. Savage Haryanavis. Love from Punjab 
Some day when your car is stopped on the road like Kanganas, we will sit down and have a conversation. Then we will see your logic for defaming hard working farmers. See you soon.
These type of ministers will be the main reasons for yogi-modi 's downfall in upcoming elections!!
Sadly Indian who were supporting the  so called Kisaan Andolan and  thought all those protests were for good or upliftment of  poor farmers and were done by Poor farmers were just supporting the Big businessmen and entrepreneurs not the real poor farmer.
But let's wait for his next innovative steps forbthe welfare of farmers..
I supported the farms bill but didn't liked the way how government forced it on farmers.
Sir may be farmers sell their produces to local businessmen who then sell those produces to kisan mandis. The process is still called procurement as Govt is purchasing it from people. The actual farmers are not getting the value the government is giving. The businessmen are getting it. So 6% is somewhat a believable percentage.
Violence made shika protest is very bad. farmers joins with political groups against government  is a shame of all violence people.
6. Overall to prevent spoiling food grown of nation either by road accident, Rain, Storage damage, transportation damage, pest, etc. Did any system found in past from now onward when this is read for all poor farmers or any at any corners of village Taluka District 
I am really concerned about these innocent farmers hope things get resolved very soon.... but it's also true that privatisation is a part of development whether u like it or dislike it......BBC news must give there own place example....
So conclusion is that there should be a heavy debate in both house before passing any law so we can get a soln which ultimately helpful to farmer .
Mr Modi should put more policy reforms forward rather than worried about next election.
We support farmers head and heart.
Modi has backstabbed farmers of harayana  , my family voted for him in 2014 and 2019 , now we won't vote him .
Even a kid knows that they are not farmers.These violent leaders must be arrested as soon as possible.
At first government didn't consult with farmers while formulating the laws. 2nd government passed by an ordinance.  Why? What is the hurry? 3rd , 2 laws favour corporate class more compared to farmers. Yeah definitely we need reform in agriculture as soon as possible. But government have to understand that means should be good, not just end.
You can be anty BJP but don't be anty farmer
Buyer want maximum support price
I really wanted to know what farmer's were protesting about and this video helped a lot. Thanks!!
My prayers with the farmers .
Atleast farmers won 
Law sahi hain ya nahin, they cant protest this way. They're saying we are farmers.. annadata.. backbone of country... support us.. but also doing violence like this and raising religious flag. If RSS raises bhagwa flag will you be fine with it? No na. Then why hypocrisy? And those trying to protect these goons are worse. First they said farmers had no choice isliye they became violent. Now they're saying its BJP only they're causing insider attack. Then they said farmers didnt know the way so they got lost and ended up in red fort. Again they said only gujjar and jatt farmers are violent sikhs aren't.  What happened to "This is all India protest. this is all religion protest" 
This was really bad decision from govt, actually it was a loss of farmers only. These are not kisan they are rich kisan who have Toyota fortuner in their garage. Asli kissan tho bhookha hai or peedith hai. Ye law unke hith me tha. Jo ameer kissan hai wo is strike me survive kar saktey hai. But Jo gareeb hai wo peedith hai opposition party kajeriwal sab ko faida hai asli gareeb ke sapney toot gaye. Ye law ke positive fact kisibhi news chennal wallo ney nahi dekhaya. What a nation we have...... Aaj jis position me india hai credit gose Modi Ji.
So called expert thinks it's about election. Doesn't looks like it, people who were not going to vote BJP will suddenly change their vote by this ? So called expert belive so. Very poor decision nonetheless to repeal.
every one saying its good only have theoretical knowledge they just read and say oh its good for farmers but ground reality and issues r somewhat different which none of these "keetabi keede " wont understand
Herein ,we should also take into notice that the SC has made a committee to initiate the talks between govt. And farmers,but the all of the 4 members have already give their statements in the favour of the farm laws,then how will they be able to find out a solution ?by favouring the govt. and pressurising the farmers to end their protests?
Farmers and their Sons at different  borders Delhi and China border!
Being a indian I am very proud that our farmers getting so much respect after  throwing our NATIONAL FLAG - Tiranga
G8 work , by Indian farmer .
Shame on these reporters who are reporting to make the life of the farmers miserable.
Discussion  between  Govt and the farmers is the only  way.... Vandalism  is no way... Discuss  and understanding  of the bill and regarding  MSP already  it is there.. So more amount  of freedom  has been given to the farmers against  the middlemen who are actually  looting  the hard work of the farmers ...Discussion  and proper understanding  between  the farmers  and the Govt is the way out for better  tomorrow  for the farmers...
Un these entire video of 3:13 i couldn't see a single farmer pelting stone..all I could them removing berricade to make their way n police using water canon on them during this winter
Summary: The goverment want to stop keeping the amount of farmers in the country artificially high.
Now Jammu Kashmir may be also targeted... By Talibani Pakistan... Be strong... We should stay alert...
NON-AGRICULTURE DEPENDENT PEOPLE DON'T KNOW IF FARMERS GET EFFECTED WITH THESE BILLS, EACH AND EVERYONE FROM INDIA WILL BE GET EFFECTED. EVEN INDIAN LIVING IN FOREIGN COUNTRY TOO. How? Cause whole Indian eats Rice, wheat flour(product: Chapati(tortilla, wrap for subway, etc )), All-purpose flour or maida( pizza dough, any kind of bread, biscuits, etc) Oats, sugarcane(sugar), Maze OR CORN(POPCORN), Milk from cow, buffalo OR Goat (dairy product Paneer, curd, ice cream, khoya, sweets, cream, cake(cream and bread), ghee, etc ). but, you can get milk from a cow(mata), buffalo or goat. only if you feed them that grow on farms. sunflower oil or mustard oil etc and at last vegetables, spices, salad, etc these everything will be available at a higher price. farmers(Rural area people) don't need to buy these things at a higher price. CAUSE "They grow these things". But, everyone else will have to buy these things at a higher price not at a double price these will be in a triple price. REASON: Contractor will sell crop production at a higher price to companies according to their choice that they brought from farmer according to contract.
Farms Bills Repeal 
Rakesh Tikait has led an arrogant Delhi Sultante to come to its knees
Farmers peacefully want to come delhi.. polive starts put water
We support modi ji...his move is always meaningful ...we will wait watch next step...
Sound  wisdom  of  Honorable Modi ji  and  kingdom of  farmers  , difference between both  one  can  judge  who is  realized  only  seeing the  country  situation  ll
Rakesh Dacoit and his peaceful protest
Ya since they are farmers, what if they didnt provide food for cities and cause wide spread starvation thoughout India, this way the government will be forced to compromised
Feel so sad for the farmers!
I think govt should modified the bill properly. It have so many loop holes.
If current system is very good then why farmers are doing suicide. Don't make your mockery. Please let implement these bill. I will be beneficial.
These political goondas who run over the vehicle on farmers need punish according to the law...on  this incident honorable supreme court of India took suo motu case...justice should upheld
The police used lathis and tear gas when they were protecting peacefully ( farmers didn't resort to any major violence in 60 days ) yet didn't resort to violence ! 
bro they buy rice from use for Rs 14 per kg and sell for Rs 100 per kg... They gives us Rs 14 because its MSP which is in govt mandi... Now when private players wll come they wll give use Rs 20 in starting for 1-2 seasons we wll sell them very happily and wll not sell to govt. Mandi for 1-2 seasons... The govt mandi wll get closed as they r in very bad shape and govt also want them to close because they don't want to give MSP to farmers... When in 2-3 years govt mandi get close then  private play wll buy our rice at rs9 or Rs 10 because we can't go to govt mandi they r closed... Monopoly bro... Then in 2 act of this bill they can store as much as they can... they wll do holding and increasing of price and sell you the same rice in Rs 150...
Mr Tikait is a very honourable gentleman. So adorable, so loveable, so full of wisdom. I would love to see him as President of India.
So Ma'am according to you, would these act(bills) will benefit the farmers???
3. According to old farm law, states were allowing middle men who were monopolised to which only, farmers can sell their produce. These middle men were enjoying legalised monopoly in such a way that, they are the single possible buyer from farmers in their geographical areas.
Ajit Anjumji congratulations for your excellent service for Indian farmers throughout the year and your reporting is par excellence.
2. When they are telling that now farmer can go to court also..
Respect diljit brother you doing great He donated 1cr 20 lak. For farmers protest.
The Taliban will become the next North Korea in the coming days with the support of China and Pakistan. It will gain access to advance military weapons from China and guess who will the Taliban use them against?? US and NATO countries only. Once the Taliban takes complete control of present-day Afghanistan, with the help of China and Pakistan, it will become the biggest curse for the US in the future. And then America will keep fighting at multiple fronts and won't be in position to curtain it's present enemy China. 
if Modi is serious for apologies he should compensate all farmer for their 1 year suffering each farmer family 1 lac rupee... give reservations in govt jobs to all farmers.....give free electricity.... give farmers education quota in all colleges.... farmers are the only true God ...they are annadata... jai kishan parivaar... shame bjp govt
Chor Looteri SCAMGRESS paying to Loot in the name of Farmers
This is so crazy why farmers are treated like this. They provided food for everyone. With out farmers everyone will starved for food.
After taking 600 and more farmer lives .. devil appologising
These policeman gets handsome salary in account every month without any delay , they don't bother about farmer or nation , Power of Uniform showing Attitude.
Jatt.  Dalit.  Haryana  kisan.   India farmer r. Same.  We give vote to. Bjp.  They.  Use us.     Trust.       Is.     Problems.     We.  Fight with.  Congress.    About 50.  Years.    Bjp.    Same drama.    We.   Request.  Our.  Prime minister.  Media.   Water levels go down.   Please sir. We Dalit farmers.     If u stay in mandi.  For months.  And nobody care.  For your. Rice and wheat.  Think about  if we  grow vegetables.  Price like zero.   We. B.  Farmers. Send  next generation to.   Europe or North Americas.     Drama.   Dont help every time.
Mind u r laugauage...they r indian farmers
BJP won the election 
Punjab started first haryana is starting to follow now
Fake Farmers.... No one is protesting from our state only from Punjab i wonder why....lol
Very sad ... Does India means only Punjab?.... it's a slap on all our faces who stood by the Government.... Didn't expect this from Modiji...
Rajiv Gandhi clearly explained about the middlemen when he said when any fund is allotted for farmers or for that matter for any poor section actually 15% reaches them and balance 85% eaten by the middle politicians.
.Former India fight aganist British rule . Now India fight aganist modi rule. #standwithfarmers
Yogi is best chief minister of India,
I donno which channel is saying the truth, there are channels which show the good side of farm bill then there's a channel which shows loopholes in farm bill.... Hopefully this riots get fixed
Congratulations to all my farmer friends. In the end we won.
Explained , How GIO came in Indian market... from free calls ,free data and now you know what happened to GIO customer.....this is the same monopoly of farmer bill.
But when u r talking abt farmers they could have green field, grains or tractors in background.
Mr. Tareq Fateh: Normally I agree with you most of the time. I always like to listen to you in various discussions. In this discussion while I think Pakistan is indeed in cahoots with Taliban by supplying arms etc. But , there  are others also. However, I completely disagree with your suggestion that India should send several thousand soldiers in Afghanistan. It was kind of FOOLISH to say that we have 2 million strong army and soldiers are not here to look at. What do you think, 5000 soldiers can deal with 25,000 strong Taliban when Indian army most likely does not know the terrain. The rule is that you should get into a fight where you do not have a decent chance of winning. Any war has to have a goal. What is the goal of Indian army in Afghanistan, please make a guess. It is equally FOOLISH to say that Babur came from that area. Babur did not come from Afghanistan, as you know. However, Babur and other came in 15th century. This is not 15th century. I am truly surprised by your silly, illogical and wild comments in this discussion. Truly surprising. The situation in Afghanistan is tragic. There are no fast solutions. We have to see.  So far as India is concerned, if Indian leftist intellectuals and 5th element is in control, India can take care of foreigners. I am more afraid of the enemy within.
#FarmersProtest #SpeakUpForFarmers #IamWithFarmers
This time modi ji being hide like a scray dog in the dark room 
By the way i am not a BJP supporter....
Support kisan  because they are right
Nashik farmers coming to Mumbai
The powerful middlemen are happy. It is a sad day for the real farmers
Bhayya ye kisano ki Jeet nhi election ka pressure jis din Bjp agr jiti matlb agar jiti to phir ye black bill wapas le ayenge
Godi media talks about only BJP people
Fear of losing election in UP , brings the repeal of the farm law.
One thing that boggles my mind is why aren't the small shop owners protesting? Currently, grains and pulses are cheaper at local shops than D-Mart etc and that's the only edge they have. Small stores can not compete with likes of D-Mart who gets mega volume discounts. With these farm bills, big stores have so much clout and increase the rate at which small stores are displaced.
tax in mandi is mandi tax if the farmer sells outside mandi why will he pay mandi tax??
All the people in the world relies on a farmer to feed them. we should support the farmers.
There seems to be an interesting perspective going around that Sikhs are all Khalistanis or Terrorists and that this has tarnished their image, I believe it would be foolish to judge a protest involving lakhs of individuals from the actions of a few hundred, It would be even more foolish to label a complete community as "terrorists" because of a simple flag raised on an empty pole. 
Sad for real farmer as a my half family/relatives are farmer 
I suggest instead of using that ultra complicated system they just use the EU sistem. You fix a price, and if farmers over produce they are payed by the EU and the food is sent to military, people in deep need, and even other countries. It's a great sistem that stabilises prices and helps everyone.
Agenda of khangress+pakistan+Urban naxals+khalistani supporters Completely exposed now.
If reading the law and calling it beneficial for the farmers is Modi Bhakti... let it be. Im a Proud Modi bhakt
Sri you must keep him away from Modiji, else it looks like a jihadi asked to talk about Ram ji, Does no one any good.
Why the government isn't stepping back from farmers bil
Sorry ambani -adani .... Congratulations farmer ....
Even if I support this, I find it astonishing that the Sikh community only rally now that modi is hurting Sikhs. What about the muslim community the BJP have been terrorizing. If your against tyranny, be against ALL types, not only stand up for those you sympathize with
Shame on democracy shame on administration...water cannon against farmers..???? Such a shame
It is a conspiracy against innocent farmers.  I never thought govt can be shameless to this extreme. WMK . Kisan majdoor ekta zindabad. Jatt sab to top te
b. While you farmers may be honest, hardworking etc. etc., so are many other types of workers (e.g. traders, small business owners, labourers etc.). Why should only you be getting differentiated treatment at the cost of everybody else?
Tikait and his anti-national elements in disguise of kisans deserve such harsh treatment.... Laatho ke bhoot baato se nahi maante hai..
There must be a revolt within the bjp, dethrone Modi Ji and bring Jogi ji.
When they were brutally killing that guy, suddenly the camera shifted, these fake farmers need to be taught a lesson
Farmers(Labours from UP&Bihar work for them) in  Punjab &Haryana are more financially sound than farmers in other parts of India. Most of them don't solely depend upon income from farm produce and run other businesses. Now Farm is a tool for avoiding Tax. One can show income from other business as income from the farm. This might be also one of the issue. Because farmers from other part India not opposing it. If they are opposing it they have different motive for opposition. In most of the countries farmers have their own unions to do the same job govt do here. Why depend upon govt? Considerable part of  the produce is ruined due to govt's bad management and storage and got wasted. So this waste of produce is stopped. This is not pure farm protest but different groups(political,religious(anti hindu), separatists, left) under one umbrella of emotional word 'FARMER'.
Boycott Rakesh tiekiaat....stand in support of prime minister of India
i dont understand hw come people stand with modi the dont respect farms...
-why is government doing conferences all over india but not to the farmers in Delhi?
Make Modi and Sha fearful when they make laws. It is for people not for some cos loot from farmers and make them grow like dinosaurs thus BJP can get huge money from them and grow their parties too. literally they are clean to public. PM Care Fund. Lol. More to come. Crush the power ! Go on Farmers....
Now I don't support Farmers. They are not Indian. They proved this. They insulted Indian flag. An Indian can't do this. And some Punjabi people are supporting them just because they are thinking that They are Punjabis. They don't think that what is right and what is wrong.
Are those killed all farmers or others also
US is easy to wipe-out Taliban if one location are composed of terrorist because they are not spread-out. They are in one place US is not find their location where Taliban located. Taliban are innocent in this kind of War. If they are capture in one place, meaning to say they are in one location...so B52 bombers hit them and fly back in terms of vehicle (Hit and Run) strategy.
Only with farmers # the one who provides food to us 
Godi media not showing this interview on television because this channel is aaj tak digital only for social media
Respect for farmers
Their is no MSP, Jhootha channel....come & do debate....plz stop all your nonsense...BJP must be paying this channel to speak against farmers & people of India, Bcoz what you are trying to say is replacing small fishes with big sharks of corporate houses. Plz show some decency for your own country.
The repealing of farm laws is by every count is a kind  of  regressive nature.
Farmers sleeping in road side whereas ministers sleep in cusin bed.is it happing any where in the World?poor Government.....
Aaj Tak Godi Modia ki one of the Biggest shameless and useless channels. Their Anchors are absulately fully promoting Godi Modia's and Government agenda. Gandhi naali ka Keeda channel 
These farmers cannot afford to drag massive corporations to court when they significant underpay them. The entire agricultural industry of India cannot be dictated by 2 or 3 laws alone. Each subsector agriculture has a different process of producing, selling and managing the crops. The ignorant media are misconstruing the real intent and purpose of these farmers.
Hathaway staff say primetime news of mr ravish kumar is not stopped n telecasted everyday as scheduled in time.  They will not accept their faults.  Truly hope Mr Ravish will return back wid a thump on primetime  ... hats off Sir Ravish Kumar Jee u rock n we indians luv your programs
Yes it's against farmer and nation
Appreciate the effort even more, at a time when major part of Indian Press is busy in showing all the demeaning aspects because of blind biasness to right-wing. Farmers are the epitome of struggle, workers face all over the world and this time they've proved it with the Biggest protest of Human History. #InquilabZindabad
That's why consultation with farmers and states should have happened, and than any new farm laws should have been made.
Everybody gangster until the farmers decide not to farm and the whole world runs out of food
Every action have reaction. This is self defense if someone throws stones on you this is what you will get if you are in Kashmir or anywhere in India. Roads are not for protesting. Mare tho driver bhi hai sirf road or chalne vale nai. Jo driver mara hai uska kya. ??? Kuch bhi karlo aayega tho Yogi he.
Well done to all the farmers very emotional time for all 
Common People Should Open Their Eyes And Support Farmer's.  
Election is near that why modi is giving right to our farmers. He played this game to only get farmer vote.
The law should cover head load goons in Kerala for bleeding the farmers
So much love and humanity and life so beautiful.....these great farmers so much humanity.....May God bless them and their humanity their relationship with their land....and may politics and politicians learn from this beauty and depth of.spirit.
Consumer's interest should also be considered. Farmers, middlemen, brokers all just think or profit. Farmers throw away as waste their produce when prices do not meet their expectations while people suffer from hunger. It's the consumer's who need nutritious food who's interest which is most important. Nutrition standards in our country are abysmal. Farmers shouldn't be selfish
Awsome....finally farmers own
Farmers don't know about rules.
Looks like one of the best reform by BJP.  People should support this for the sake of farmers. Why don't the govt run mass advertising campaigns for this law amendments? So that everyone gets to know the benefits. 
Educated middle class still toes the line of Modi. They learn from BJP whatsapp University.
I can believe why are not centre govt discussing with our farmers on the MSP???? Govt should clarify the MSP for being privatization in agriculture.Vry vry shameful!!!!
Meri family kisan hai or hm pm Modi ke sath hai , tiket to Chor hai
I support Farmer's agitation against govt
1. Farmers will receive payment within 3 business days by law. Thats good than being bullied by mandis.
 Try to convince the farmer or make new bill 
1984 se  aur ek bar "jay javan jai kisan". Politicians ayega jayega bolega  .Always salute  to soldiers and farmers real hero.
Modi ka jumla, just like 15-15 Lakh , Amit shah will announce later that it was an election jumla
Your name clearly indicates that you are anna. You view don't matter. Why did you not stand for farmers 
Sir, it will be great if you reach out to farmers and explain them. This is the best explanation
Proud of being a Punjabi-  We can learn the importance of unity, humility, persistence, single focus and the spirit to fight despite all odds from farmers agitation.
Only 6% of Indian farmers need the MSP(subsidy); majority in Punjab. 
Dunkirk retreat was a battle lost however it helped win the war. Similarly this repeal might help with push reforms later, hopefully right after 2024 elections.
Taliban, Pakistan, chin and Russia - for do iss charo ko..
Why is govt not doing that?  I want to know, is it cheaper to import than paying MSP to farmers? If that's the case, then you will have to somehow give incentive to farmer to go towards this direction. Otherwise, why will they produce something of lower value?
very nice sir but it would have been a better analysis if you would have also given the benefits that the government will provide by introducing these bills, as their intention behind it might be moving towards a capitalist economy and reducing govt. involvement in major segments. However, what you provided was an analysis from the farmers' point of view which was crystal clear.
A big salute to our Indian Farmers
This farm laws were good for farmers, modi knew this would badly affect bjp in elections.. but he remained strong, but unfortunately farmers misguided... 
There things cannot be hidden sun, moon, truth respect farmers respect Sikhs 
1. Pakistan will effect Indian economy by internal riots without Pakistan military attack
Rihanna tweeting for farmers must have alerted people, a popstar worried about few thousand farmers in a third world country protesting against a government who has majority of India behind him.
In India when you lose the support of the farmers you can expect a new government.
What answer Modi ji has for 700 dead farmers ? Will they come back alive ?
7:33 is the problem really. "sarkaar ne kiya hai toh soch ke hi kiya hoga". Stop surrendering your analytical abilities by blindly accepting whatever the government offers you. at least analyse it for once. Everything that a government does is not sacrosanct. There is a reason why we have elections every 5 years so that the much needed course correction can be done. There can be no course correction and government can never be held accountable for wrongdoings if people surrender their analytical powers like this
Congress and their farmer armies.
We just witnessed an iconic moment in our history believe it or not. More power to farmers.
The jealousy and selfishness of the farmers of Punjab and Haryana has cost all the other farmers and states , shame ,nda govt , shame you gave into these acts of vandalism and terror .
These laws were drafted without any civil society / farmers input. I think it is a great step to restart from scratch. Creating a committee with Farmers, technocrats, opposition members and civil society is a great next step. 
Because of farmers, every household get food and because of them we are alive and it's really Shameful that farmers are not getting good support from Government. Farmers are ignored. When election comes, they say they will help farmers but after elected this is what we see as news.
Full support to the farmers...farmers are protesting for more than 60 days in extreme cold climate at Delhi..more than 100 farmers have already died due cold climate..govt should take back the new  law..
As if there are farmers only in Punjab . Moreover , they do farming which literally damages the soil and uses a way lot more water. Some serious changes are required to help the farmers.
Had the three farm statutes not contained any loophole, the farmers would not have opposed it. 
Let the farmers live under middle men like Tikait. The fact that they didn't made their voice heard so they deserve this.
Nxt Loksabha election bjp victory win.other party's out of parliment
I myself a farmer of soya/tur/Chana/Cotton . 
I really appreciate the new law made my the government. Government has really done a great job. In the new law it is mentioned that farmers can sell their corps by their own price. At first farmers used to sell the crops at whatever price they were given by the buyer but now they can sell their corps by their own price. Only farmers from Punjab and Haryana are protesting, on other hand farmers from the states like Maharashtra, uttarpradesh, tamilnadu, Karnataka, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar and many other states are really appreciating this new law
Nearly 700 farmers died in this  .... hope people will remember this during election... yes ,a new beginning should be done by giving our nation to a good leader ......
Shame on  you godi media supporting black government !!!!
1.Talking about the damage of public property - I understand damaging public property can't be tolerated and it is not a solution to anything. But, what BJP led Haryana govt. did 2 months back by digging big holes on the National Highways when farmers were marching peacefully to Delhi. That too was damage to public property and now again Delhi Police doing the same around protest sites.
70yrs of congress rule Abjit you want Modiji to correct within 7yrs...who is he a magician.
Farmers Won...
Please read the articles 15 , 17 and 19 of farmer bill minutely. They are over riding the constitutional articles of similar numbers and it's a violation.
Standing with Farmers Punjab
We always support our farmers...hats off to them
Kishan Muzdoor Eatk Unian Zindabad  
Taliban Would take Pakistan Within Three Days And Imran Would Fled To China
I am still not clear about the issues involved in the Farmer's agitation. So, I asked a friend of mine, who besides engineering is a farmer from Abohar - Fazilka region of Punjab. Now, after retirement he is a full time farmer. 
Ye sarkar Jo h shi h ya galat lekin future mein agar aisa hi hua tb to 370 v hatega protest k through aur CAA/NRC v hatega protest k through. This is very bad that Government couldn't deliver the bill properly.
No governnment can buy all agricultural produce in a country or control price. Eventually market system has to exist. Currently govt just buys few food-grains on MSP for Public Distribution System which benefitted Punjab and Haryana farmers. This system will continue but farmers are misled by few special interest group and political parties.
11. Delhi police booked 300 rioters based on jan 26 2021 cctv camera footage and upon delhi court order. But on 6th feb 2021 farmers unions
India should applied multidimensional strategy . If possible then provide a separate country from Taliban
Bad moments for farmers. It's not good.
It is for Uttarpradesh, Punjab and Goa election. Like people don't know
public has completely understood antisocial, antipoor, anti farmers and pro capitalists communal agenda of BJP
I live in America  but Im on the side of the small home mom&pop   farmers this is how these ppl live THIER way of life.ITS ALWAYS THE BIG CORPORATION THT WANNA COME IN PRIVATIZE STUFF CUT THESE PPL OUTTA THIER HARD WORK LAND AND MONEY  ITS JUS WRONG KEEP FIGHTING FARMERS!!!!
Even if farm laws are repealed in parliament rakesh tikait won't return he will keep protesting till elections
If a farmer has produced 90 quintal rice/ wheat whatever..
Sir i want to say only thing on weapon that weapons was carried by only khalsa army they use to wear blue dress and no other farmer was carrying weapons .. But i want to say that weapons wala point galat hai kyu ki ye weapons religion mai atte  hai aur guru ki army issi ke bina orr horses ke bina khi nhi jatii... Jai hind and #isupport farmers....
Farmers mauled over by BJP vehicle : True; shown by The Quint : Yes
0:48 this is farmer's protest right? 
The farmers have been there for months. All away from their families. No one wants to be there.
 in the contract farming .. there was also a loophole like if any businessman refuses to take/purchase the contracted crop.. then who will take action.. that was in the hand of SDM of that.. area . & No farmer could go to court for that ... So that was totally blunder... & But with a few changes , that law can provide a good benefits to the farmers...
Happy Republic Day India Great Day. Please help Farmers,we are getting all the goods from them ,they are always in the Sun and rain. Please Great India Govt Help please . Hai Bharat Mata Ki Jai ho. 
3:24 - Farmers bill is good in theory
Rakesh tikait g real hero of farmers
This time modiji messes with the wrong people.
Kisan zindaabad. Real power of india kisan still keeping peaceful protest, but BJP must keep it in mind that if kisan came to fight than this govt can't survive for one week. Love kisan love NDTV. Because you are the only main stream channel who is presenting the real jounalism and bearing hardship by govt. I also respect and support Ravish bhai. Love from Pakistan
Thanks people of Dehli for support of Farmers,It looked as if nobody cares about Farmers, more than 3 lakhs Farmers commited Suicide. more than 170 farmers died due to cold Dehli.Farmers are asking  for MSP and to implement Swaminathan Report.Respect Farmers.
In nakli kisano ki asliyaat dikhane ke liye Modiji ne yeh krishi kanoon wapas liye hain.  Hone dijiyee , aur tez Kisaan andolan. Koi fark nahi padta. To show the real face of these so called farmer's agitation, Modiji has withdrawn the extremely good agriculture laws. In one single master stroke, Modi ji has taken out the wind from the drama that the Congress/SP/TMC were playing, in the name of farmers. With these reforms our country's farming would have been modernized, market-oriented and highly efficient. This would have meant our farmers would have been prosperous just like in the West.
Kissan bill will help in  progress of farmers n it's a surity for farmers  of assured money  n it will develop  Bharat too 
Pakistan did the same mistake .They banned trading with India .Look what is their position.
Nowadays there are no phones with 2MP camera but still the videos are so blurry. Is it media who modify it?
Solidarity, Liberty,  Farmerity
We all sons of farmers from all parts of India support Modi ji.
then if state govt increase in tax for new mandies which will covered (get)  as indirectly from farmers.
Those so called farmers disrespecting their own country's flag ... , and how Greta , Rihanna were paid to support farmers you forgot to talk about it  .
Congratulations to all the farmers of India from the bottom of my heart.
My grandfathers always used to say that once in a life u will need a doctor,a lawyer ,a deitician....but 3 times a day you will just need a farmer...!
They are killer of Farmers....
The is the best video I can recommend to anyone talking anything about farm bills to watch before giving any opinion.
Bjp it cell active for manipulative facts, didi you know these bills are beneficial for corporate world not for farmers , but you actually diverting the mind of people against farmers
Would love to see Samdish cover the whole protest until our beloved farmers get what they want, and until then Samdish providing them love and support 
I wish you should also cover the other 90 percentage farmers which not in punjab and haryana. whats their view and what they will gain from this law.
Sir, problem is this mindset of on the name of quality, farmers get exploited to sell below MSP ( cost price) , hence harder to sustain and finally quit, sell the farm or commit suicide.
You should ask income will be double, not crop price  will be double. And ask him how Rakesh has accumulated so much wealth
Best would be to have a definitive plan laid out which has crop diversification and the compensation money to the states as suggested to incentivise the farmer from the current practise. It would have to be done over a minimum period of five years to 
Based on MOS Son's mobile location which clearly shows he was present at that location of attack on farmers is enough evidence to arrest that person, see how they were openly threatening the farmers...
The law should cover eliminating the head load goons in Kerala from bleeding the farmers
As per godi media logic Guardian is foreign press and should not comment on our internal matters. We are recovering from foreign forces like Rihanna tweeting and Godi media is having sleepless nights since Mia Khalifa tweeted
Kisaan traders are protesting  not actual farmers
The first food vlogger to visit farmer's protest well done 
1. The first bill is not mandatory on the farmers. Meaning, A farmer can choose if he wants to go for contract farming or not. In case, if he feels its not going to be benificial for him, he can continue in the normal way growing and selling to Apmcs or in the open markets (second bill).
Only 36% of agriculture produce is sold through mandis and that too mainly in punjab and haryana, so we need to actually replicate that system and expand the mandi system elsewhere, while leaving the farmers at mercy of private player with no safeguards is not the solution.
Using Jeep as a weapon... and the weapon was supplied by? So why is Ajay Mishra saying he is not involved? If he claims he and his son were not present when farmers were killed, than Dawood and Osama were not present in New York or Mumbai where people were killed but we blame them because they provided weapon and ideas thus were master mind of the whole operation.
Not Victory it is faliure for farmers
What they should be called, Covid violators or Covid idiots?Wrong is always wrong, whether its done by PM or done by farmers.
Salute to our farmer's  
Already several other companies are doing contract farming ,and It is good for farmers, if more companies are coming there will be more demand.
Not even Ambani or Arnab can save Modi in UP election now
Modi run media labeled these protester as Khalistani, Maoist, Pak China backed and anti national and now modi decided to repeal these laws with apology .  This clown will be remembered and this great protest will also be remembered in history.
     According to Yogendra Yadav, the farmer's stir will find support across the country.)
The farmers are struggle for everybody including for police families, then why police  don't understand nothing, really this is very terrible
Thankyou so much scoopwhoop, I think this law doesnot only affect farmers but also is connected to all the middle class people of this nation. This would definately help ghe government in 'mehengai'.
Finally Punjab and Haryana wins
Modi listen to farmers, Stop the agitation..
We dont allow BJP to enter our village. No vote to Modi, Yogi, BJP never. Kisan Jindabad.!
Country like India can never have one single law that works in all parts. Bjp narrative of portraying every question raised against this government of anti national etc etc is getting boring and irritating.
Big bang reform may be difficult. The government after a cool off period should experiment with a full private supported value chain models - farm to fork and stabilize it. Better produce and payment will naturally attract more stakeholders. Proof of concept (I know I am talking corporate utopia) if successful makes larger implementations easy.
#IStandWithIndianFarmers..
It could take 2-3 years for this to get implemented in a better manner but this bill was needed, India can't become a $4000 GDPPP or a 10 Trn dollar GDP with rules and regulations of the 1960s and 70s. APMC made sense back then but not anymore.
Solidarity with the farmers and union workers in India!
Modi Government work for few oligarchs not for 130 crore people of India.
What a shame this is been against farmers...  Common on Modi they are farmers who feed our stomach,  not the criminals nor a terrorist.... We Indians all will forget all these incidents during election time and will vote again and will make him PM again..  Common people
Reduction in percentage of GDP in farming is due to the growing industrialisation and the over all size of the economy increasing. It doesn't mean that the money in agriculture is drying. The over growth in agriculture (produce and investment) has been positive (adjusted for inflation), except a couple of years after 2014. A few facts need to be checked.
Indian Farmers Should be definitely taught About this bill
Can we expect protests from farmers in favor of farm laws .
Bjp agreed because of the election results only
Great farmer   
correct but farmers are appealing to take back pollution law is that correct?
But why so many farmers are also supporting this bill
Still the farmers have studied how it's faild in western countries, and they have studied and understood it completely.. hence farmers are opposing 
Guys don't worry that's new normal in new India under the gundagardi of our beloved modi ji and bjp.
1. If the Apmc were abolished in bihar 14 years ago, why cant bihari farmers move to other crops and why they are only farming grain crops just to have losses.
Farmers won bz they were right , salute to farmers who sacrificed their lives for their rights. Modi should have taken black laws back while back but he tested farmers. Farmers are warriors who stood their ground , congrates to Farmers of Punjab n Haryana
CM and PM for all not to conduct elections rally. 
I stand with farmers..
The BJP government promised in the 2014 elections that the government will be formed but the Swaminathan Commission will implement it.
Please support for free Khalistan 
The ray of hope to step into 21st century farming is gone, When farming is hit hard in future, note this because of some people stubbornness and ego the whole country is going to pay the price. Do festival now, lift farmer bodies later, no one can reform these idiots
This bjp govt is worst and also the AAM, Kejriwal is taking sides of both the BJP and the farmers from time to time. If farmers arent satisfied then what is the use of FARM bills. The only way to stop this are protests. 
Answer to those who said farmers bhole hain and unhe bhadkiya gaya he...toh inhe kisne bhadkiya
      .Modi ji showed utter humility and greatness. You have  to read between the lines of his short speech
Now we all know what happened in parliament..modi govt bas apne ahankar k dam pe parliament chala rahi hai..bina discuss bill le k ati hai or bina discuss kare vapas bhi leti hai..or opposition ko to bas ek khilona samajh rahi hai na unki sunni hai or na apni safai deni hai agar esa he krna hai to parliament chalane ki kya jarurat hai fir to modi ji man ki baat me aaye or vahi sabhi bill thop de hum sab pe..modi govt bhul gai hai india me 1.38b log rahtey hai or unhe sir 37% vote mila hai... shame on you modi govt. Kuchh time se lag raha tha opposition bas logo ko bhatka rahe hai but now actually me govt tanasahi se govt se chala rahi hai
It was not a tractor rally but a traitor rally from the beginning. Each and every tractor used in this rally should be confiscated and land if these fake farmers have, should be given to unemployed youth. These people are not interested in farming.
Does this guy think that if these contentious laws had not been repealed,BJP would face a setback in UP in the upcoming elections ?
Farmers Right
For those who don't understand hindi he said more than 80 farmers have died during the protest because of suicide and the sizzling winter in North india.
This is an unfortunate decision. Small farmers want to maintain their rents from the current system at the cost of market efficiency. They are hampering the industry's growth and nation's progress. One day, I hope these reforms will be rammed through.
The man should be building large storage centers and warehouses to help the small farmers store their grains and perishables so that they can sell at the right time, provide short term loans against these stocks instead of building an 800 cr parliament.
Farmer respect republic day and their country property as well as country flags
Rakesh Tikait you are very active  and quick answer everything it is God given gift. I like you as a traditional culture with Uttar Pradesh. Could you put Punjabi colorful turban on your head every second day on Kisan  morcha. I am from  Punjabi Sikh family. I lived in the USA as is young but never forget winding my turban on every weekend going to the Sikh temple. I  deeply miss you. Berkeley,, CA.
Lol I saw police throwing stones and fighting , farmers look better.
As a farmer l feel without these three   law  there is other way to developed the farming if farmer not understand the law why govt not repel it
     That would automatically make the farmer choose a crop where MSP is available.
Why farmers not been allowed to protest.?
Please Save  Great India. Please nake proud of Kisan Jai ho and Jawan Jai ho and Ekta Jai ho. Karuna and Compassion Jai ho. one GOD in many eminations JAI ho  and slwyas show and teach us do good always in this life Fe snd also the soul eill continue rebirth there to serve and protect their s only one Beautiful World. 
Youth power, need of the hour.Long live farmers movement.Jai kisan jai jawan, Hat's off to the students movement, this is the ultimate victory Rakesh Tikait.
May be Farm bills are not good for farmer's in Punjab but it is good for nation and for me nation matters the most for more information watch The print cut the clutter analysis on this topic
In farmer protest , Why nobodys dying because of Covid ????
Hon'ble PM: No Agricultural Law will be back. It is in Favour of Farmers.
In the age of AI & automation, blockchain & e-commerce, 5G & neuralink etc etc , our farmers are being held hostage by selfish few with vested interests. 
Its a good bill but as u said farmers r not sure of implementation 
It started as a farmer's protest but Is not over taken by extremists and political parties.
But the actual point is nobody force any farmer to make a contract outside mandi market.
Durand Line is not in Quran or Geeta, it was drawn by British who looted India ,how ever the matter has been resolved . We Talibs know not to quarrel  Pakistan, a country who gave bread to us for so long.
Most of time I think main stream media is part of talibans or supporting talibans. No one is talking about Northern alliance resistance a glimpse of hope which could really use support of them. But yet no one is talking about them.
Farmers: *Protest
Taliban can be neutralised by India
Why only #PUNJAB & HARYANA....
Very good analysis of problems of farmers  Really Appreciate
this is khalistan protest not farmers protest
So Noah is suddenly expert on the esoteric farm laws in India!! He blindly sides with the woke positions on anything.  And that includes the farmer protests in India which involves privileged farmers and middlemen in 2 states fighting new laws (passed by legislature)  that level the playing ground for ALL farmers in India, allowing them all to sell anywhere. The rich farmers hate that!  Opposing the new farm laws that India desperately needs to help poor farmers,  is the wokist's position - because they are unthinkingly anti-Modi.
Look like speaker never met a farmer or even done a home work..only qualifications is hating modi
Farmers ko agar really help karna cahtahe sarkar Toh Government ko fertilizer, pesticides ke cost low karne ko kaho,,,,Main Kissan family se hoon pera pitaji Kissan haa
I always like you lallantop nd ndtv .thanks for showing the truth again  unlike godi media shame on other media's like zee news abp news and others
Thankyou sir that's your Honour to understand the problems of Farmers
Ajit ji you really played great role in the success of farmers agitation 
I love Indian farmers.. 
Moreover, the farmers are demanding the same APMC system of pricing with the corporates too, that is MSP+. If this is done and a small about of tax [  similar to apmc tax ] is levied on them it would be better.
What happened today in Delhi... proved farmers protesting r khalistani..
Because in real the farmers bill are in support of farmers why should they oppose this..
                                                           company job contract farming ke tahat kheton ko kirae per Legi to Krishi ko Krishi kisanon                                                                   
Yaar there is no need for Tikait to be so furious to see Ram Mandir, After all the Archaeological Survey of India has given evidence of Ram Mandir which was there but later demolished. 
Yogi and amit failed modi ji the winner
The aim of the farmers was to have a parade just like the parade of the armed forces and show their unity. However this was not allowed and actively blocked.
Now I finally realised the points of both sides, now I feel not only farmers eveyone shud protest tbh 
Nexus of Khalistan+Taliban is active under the access of ISI is active now but the government in centre is only busy in Meeting Eating and Sleeping
Only god can save farmers Yet the farmers will still loose for a fair price who  will be left in the hands of middlemen hoarders and corrupt politicians who will control the price. The rest of the farmers of India were so happy that they got a better price for their crops and accepted the agricultural laws. Leaving only Punjab farmers under pressure from middlemen and foreign funds to protest who were not even paying tax and controlled the price. Shame
Yes he said everything in support of the bill, but what will be the method of selling items to these big corporates will they provide  facility or medium to contact each and every farmer who have land of 100-500 sq mtr , will his crop also sold like big farmers. And what if crop standard will not match with company norms will they be hold responsible for taking the crops.Please suggest this point also . How can a small farmer will contact to these corporates and like you said most of the farmers are uneducated will they be able to cop up with the big fat contract of the compny and if something will go up and down how can that issue be resolved suggest that point also.
I am from Pakistan. I am also a punjabi. Salute to the farmers.
With the farmers untill last breathsupport i
Election  is coming KD Modi bowing down to farmers. I hope they never vote for him or his Sangis
Aap acche se dekh sakte aisa kyu ho raha hai... No proper planning, inaccessibility , no recognition of farmer majority areas, favoritism, lack of awareness, corruption (Ye to jaise khun mai hai), lethargic officials, no work ethics etc.... Basically..... Typical Desi kichri.... I am pretty sure nothing will change even if farmers succeed to get those laws amended or even if central government manages to pass the bills!
Now the day will come when small farmers will cry and learn a lesson 
Salute to the whole team of Scoop Whoop, felt like we were in there with the farmers. Hope this all ends fast and in the favour of farmers. Lage raho Samdish and Camera person Surbhi 
Although I supported the farm laws this was inevitable. The farmers were brainwashed into protests by political parties and the protests were getting out of control. Maybe in the future when farmers are able to understand the laws better we can have them back
- And, most importantly, if this is only farmer's protest, what's the role of "Khalistanis" in this?
9th concept of assured income is going to come in near future not only for farmers but for every one...please read about Universal Basic Income...but govt have to decrease its wasting of money to implement this
Farmers  ofcourse  very important. 
This is a circus, not a parliament.  Government want to just do away with the bills without any discussion, opposition is crying always even when the laws are taken aback. We all know BJP is not going to listen to Congress, then why to create a mess of the Parliament.
Every INDIAN if you are a true patriot in its real sense can be proud of a journelist like Ravishji ,for getting into the grass root and making us aware for not to be too late in keeping up our democracy.
U mess with farmers, u get tractor attack.
What a shameful people still exist after that brutal massacre in karnal, nobody want to get beaten unnecessarily if we r protesting something is wrong plz support farmers, even I m not a farmer but know all the problems faced by them. This incident will remain forever in the history and the upcoming generations will shock to know that nobody support farmer. Shame of u all who are saying farmers are criminals, if only Punjabis were not involved in the freedom struggle then all the people who are against farmers works as the servants in British ers home. Sorry if i hurts someone's feeling. #KISANANDOLAN #KISANMAJDOOREKTAZINDABAAD
Script straight out of a movie......now govt will easily dissolve farmers protest...these things are cliches even in movies nowadays.
Shame on the so called  BJP  ruled  states,  India  is a democratic  country  ... this is so shameful  for yogi  to behave  with  Congress  leaders  in such a way.... if BJP  continues  to behave  like  this then the Congress  rules states should  also behave  the same  with  modi n amit  shah
Proud of all Farmer ALL around the World. How bout that. God bless the farmers. Please stop the suicides brothers and sisters
Imagine seeing a new farmer group(the real farmers) now protesting to reintroduce these 3 farm laws
This is the reality . But , donot fear , we have Modi ji . He will do , he will give all the guru mantras .
I'm happy that laws are taken back. Farmers will die naturally when water table will be gone. Industry gone from Punjab.
Due to these opposition parties,,kisan ke jaane gayi aur desh ka bhi image kharab hua . Agar repeal nehin hota law to ye log isspe rajneeti karte, ab repeal ho gaya aur ye log isspe bhi rajneeti karenge.
Finally Kisan di mehnat or shahaadat rang lai , congratulations to all Farmers and People who stood with this protest 
Shree narendra Modiji, the great prime minister of India 
A Sincere tribute to farmers who lost their lives during agitation against black  farm laws you will be not  forgotten. A salute to the farmers who did not give up, no matter  how hard the path was. And thanks to PM MODI for taking back the farm laws, I appreciate him for this act. But he should have done this long time ago and no wonder he has done this for upcoming elections of Up and Punjab and to get votes. 
AIM said modi will never sell air India .
Thank you so much for your tremendous support for the farmers.
We support Modiji, we support BJP only who can take India to a new HORIZON
  Why not discuss the fundamental core problems of society, labourer class and Farmers, unemployed youths, education and National  Planning.
We remember how good the biryani tasted, But not the farmer who's the reason for that happiness.
1. closure of apmc : if punjab farmers are all united against the bill, and they believe that the incentives given by private companies would be a facade, or a plot to kill apmc. they should be united enough to make a proper mind to not sell to private companies. 
Please Support Farmers
Its totally bjp mistake. whenever introducing any bill.  They have to communicate well but... they dont. Same thing happened with caa people were mis interpreting it wiTH NRC
Thankyou Samdish we punjabis can't thank you enough for showing this side as well when all of mainstream media is busy calling us Khalistanis, congress agents, middlemen and what not
Thanks for explaining Shekhar. Off topic... My wife's mother's family (what's the opposite of ?) are Farmers on the RJ/HR border. I've seen how hard they work, that too in summer. It's not a life many of us would choose I think. So I have a lot of respect for farmers having seen it all first hand. They taught me many things like the importance of the Cow and Buffalo in Indian life, how to live simply with pure food, and how to sleep under the stars on the roof  They also accepted me as a foreigner and everyone in the village always made me feel welcome. The village Women are especially warm and loving too. I'm very grateful for them 
Congratulations to my Farmers brothers,
Literally such a set back..we want some improvement in these laws but entire repeal must not be done..
Can ThePrint do an analysis on what Uber, Amazon and Jio have done in their respective spaces in the absence of any government oversight, and the introduction of a cannibalistic market system? This is not free-market capitalism, this is resource monopoloization at play. What a joke that policy makers are unable to tell the difference between the two. We need stronger price protections for the farmers of this country, despite whatever your political inclination.
Those are not farmers those are hired people
Parle ji 5 rupees ki msp hoti too 5 ka hi milta hai, dhan msp 1950  Too 1100 mai Kyun beche,Agar msp nahi too msp ka chutiyapa Kyun msp gurenty Kanon is very important for farmer.
Wah re politics. . .ab to jeene do en garib kisano ko . . there is lot of difference between landlord and farmers. . please
The agriculture minister himself is saying that there is no need of charcha (Discussion) on this ....yet some guys in the comment section think that repealing is good enough without a discussion..the new India mitron ...
A control over the prices of essential food items, especially before critical elections, could give a king maker's handle to the big corporates, especially those operating in many verticals that impact the common man.
Sir farmers winning protest
godimedia is finally reporting
Fast forward today, there has been a spike in the registered overall production of wheat and rice in Punjab and Haryana.....not because of the Farm Laws isn't it? No, because the Opposition parties are in power in these states......So I wonder how?.....
Godi media dnt show this
WHERE IS THE FARMERS??
Thanks for simplifying sir. As we know farming constitutes higher percentage of Indias GDP, prospect of better GDP incoming years. Both consumers and farmers are the beneficiaries of this law. Hopefully we get to see farmers livelihood changes in times to come.
Will same APMC workers tomorrow ask government to remove 42 amendment Preamble in the constitution which was passed 1976 without people of India decision. Congress party should understand it's not British era to let farmer stay poor. Government is passing this law to help farmers who are poor since independence.
Shame on you BJP. Farmers came to haryana was a democratic protest and not for violence but u all are forcing them to create violence. You dont know the power of farmers.N we all are with them you cannot destroy them to built up those ambanis who are already rich.
No Farmers meand  No Foods
Shame on farmers community who opposed the reforms.  They Hv failed the country big time.  Time will teach them a lesson
UP election coming .so that BJP know the result .thats why they try to change the result their own favor...but farmer should  have carefull ,because this government is very clever.
Very weak statement from Narendra Modi.. taking back these laws will be a loss to many farmers other than punjab, haryana..
This change is going to happen sooner or later, issue should be what kind of safety net there is for the farmers after it happens. At the moment, there farming industry is like ye old colonial times. Costly and inefficient.
Sanghis it's time u understand the truth stop supporting this extremist govt Jai jawaani Jai kisaan
Interesting there was no discussion with farmer. Not even tikat consulted before taking step. Simple made tikat irrelevant in one day
Whose incompetence is the inability to solve the problem of the farmers
Mr Gupta if farms laws were good for farmers they would have taken it any time. Farm laws are for corporates in the name of farmers. If you really believe they are for benefit of farmers do an episode on it. No point repeating government's rhetoric.
Country of size of India is still exporting less farm produce then country of Vietnam and Thailand  what a joke. .
Am sure Modi Govt shall not seek his Resignation as Elections are due in 3 months. Presuming that the Case should be Transferred in Delhi Court for Expeditious Decision. 
Why these people dont understand the atrocities of the BJP government and top of that we go the media they are so insensitive shame on them they will know the pain when anything happens with their family
Love and support from England to the farmers. May they stay strong.
You are tooo good. Thanks sir for support farmers .
So Refreshing to see Punjab and Haryana Together. Waheguru Mehar bnaye rakhe. Please please don't fall for SYL politics, ask your leader about the ground water first and then SYL issue will automatically lose the relevance. Politicians just want to divide us and rule us. But this revolution should be milestone in strengthning bond. Balle sheron.
Shame on us that we the citizens of indian are not doing anything for farmers.
The point is that, the ones who supported bills earlier, are in depression now. 
Update: Farmers won 3 laws were taken back last month.
I am from India and I am glad that people are realizing our government's tyranny and taking action against them. We are with our farmers. This is India's fight
JJP , BJP all the same. Do not worry Mr Chaitala, People of Haryana know that you are an opportunist. They  will not vote for you  in next elections.
It's fake farmers
We all stand with MODIJI BJP
Are Punjab Elections Coming By any chance?    Btw Wise decision Sir.
3. There are only 3 states whose farmers are joining the protest because these states buy the maximum quota of MSP. Other states don't get much so they have already moved on from it and are well off in Southern Indian states.
Let me tell you one he ( dhruv rathee ) only does one sided talk . In 2017 even Arvind Kejriwal also want this bill and at that time bjp opposed it .IF YOU REALLY WANT TO KNOW THE TRUTH THEN SEE "NITISH RAJPUT" VIDEO ON farm bill. Here Rathee speak HALF FALSE and half truths.
Well said , if it is modi or shah there won't be pandemic. If it is public then it is. Arrogant bjp
Waiting for how godi media will represent their papa 
Everyone, Please remember, How beneficial were other bills passed by BJP gov, Only beneficial for corporate houses. they are not thinking of people only ambani, andani.... *BSNL fail JIO dhandhandhan*
Farmers apprehension are right! 
Lol uttar pradesh and punjab elections
MSP was always their main demand along with the repeal of laws. I wonder if the global supply chain prob played a part in Modi's withdrawal decision.
Awerness in indian is the strength ,and now it's proof that awerness in farmers , making history now . Thank you God . It's great hope 
Not farmers... it's winning of middle man &  Dacait
Lagta hai lallantop wale sirf UP me hi simat gaye hai..jo West Bengal election  ke bich bhaag khare hote hain..wo dum laga dete hain anti bjp news banane me..kamaal hai
Overall the bill is good but govt should give a belief that msp is not going to get removed and someone should take the responsibility of farmers right otherwise companies will take the advantage by showing their power and govt should provide a perfect price for farmers
if this would have been done by a bollywood star,or a muslim... imagine what headlines and strict actions and godi media tamashash would have been made.
Wait what the hell is truth there is a clear video of farmers tilting car and smashing driver with sticks. What is the truth 
Urban housing societies to be promoted as marketing societies also so that farmers output (FPOs/Rural Coop of youth) can be purchased directly.(These 3 Acts could have been more beneficial for such marketing but now it is a lost opportunenity)
I am happy ..for it... Thanks for supporting Farmers..l love basic gyan
Hamara desh yahi reason hai kabhi aage nahi badega. Mere papa Apple farmer the. Pehle govt mandi me seb bechte the pichle 3 sal se sidha Jam Factor ko bech rahe hain voh bhi 1.2 Price pe.  Mandiyon me itna Corruption ha tabhi ye mandi vale khub Provoke karte hain Takin commision na kha jae inka. Sad Day
FARMERS AGITATION will prove a final blow to the enemies of democracy....
We don't need farmers. We can grow our own food at home !
It is a movement of Indian farmers not of Sikhs
As much I'm angry on the death of farmers, I feel sad for the parents
After this video and even before I believe that why was there no communication between the protestors and the government. Why did this protest took place at the first. All are being brainless and childish. This kind of matters wouldnt have taken place if there was an understanding and communication between the farmers who believe they were betrayed and the government. There is no one right here. The circumstances went wrong because of few people and the rest followed where as the communication was no were seen not from the govt neither from the farmers
#StandWithTheFarmer
Is media trying to support farmers ....rather then highligting on violence which is wrong
NO MORE GODDI MEDIA ( ZEE NEWS , AJJ TAKK , NEWS INDIA ) .
Farmer sowed seed, God Jesus n bible is a seed of god's word satisfied ur soul by His death n ressurrection. C 'Bible' in google!!!.....
Normally, I am not inclined to comment. But after this "CTC", it is necessary to say the needful. It would have been truly impartial review of farm laws, if you had immediately stated all of what you have stated in this  episode as part 2 of first CTC episode. This one appears almost reflection of what main stream media is saying right now. Below expectation.
These  laws are  taken back not beacause government care for farmers.. this is because upcoming elections in up , Punjab , Uttarakhand etc....
We have to support our Farmers....well done people
3. Aur jo aapne Mc Donalds ki example di, vaisa Punjab ke ek hisse mein ho chuka hai. Sangrur mein PepsiCo ne apna ek plant lagaaya hai Sangrur mein. Jab vo plant lagaane aaye toh kisaano ko unhone kaha ke aap log aaloo lagao aur hum unse chips banaayeinge. Hm aapko achhi keemat bhi denge. But kisaan apni fasl le ke gye toh unhe ye bol diya gya ke ye toh hmaari quality standards ko match nhi krte hm inke itne paise nhi denge. Aur kisaan DC office chle gye kyunki isse oopr jaane ki provision nhi thi (which, is also a condition in these 3 bills). DC said that the company is right and the farmers wont get paid for this crop. We have trusted this system once and it backfired. How can we think that it wont happen again? How can this be prevented?
Lot's of respect for Modi ji 
Only Sardar and Punjabi farners are effected? Really? Time for all "liberal" media to open their eyes. You may want a little fame but not at the cost of democracy.
Violence has  never been or will be the solution of any protest.. in my opinion what happened today on the Eve of  republic day was very unfortunate and it should be condemned but govt should also understand  policy or bill should not harm any group of people and it can seen from past few years all the amendment and bills brought by the govt has been opposed by various people of the country let say CAA now farm bill ... Govt should look into the this  matter seriously ...happy republic day brothers and sisters.
Plz make short documentary on farmer's protest from may 2020..we will share....if possible.. for this Paredes video wah
Modi does not want repeat of post Bengal voilence in Punjab since China at our border. It may look stupid but real possibility. Otherwise why he appolozied instead just revoked. I don't think right to criticize modi but we lack unity that modi has confident he will come back power.
This govt have murdered the very democracy on which India was build... Victory to farmers
I don't kNow why people laughing at Owaisi here ,he is spitting facts . Geopolitically ,India will soon accept Taliban
Yeh bhot glt h.. Yeh akali dal wale politics kr rhe h kisaan andolan k naam pr.. Inke ooper lathicharge hona chahiye qunki yeh log sirf politics khel rhe h.. Inn mei se koi b real kisan nhi h saare neta h jo politics kr rhe h... Aur inki ghatiya politics ki wajah se common people ko dikkat ho rhi h..aur toh aur inhone section 144 ko toda h aur police ki permission b nhi mili h inhe
Indians farmers are still poor , hence the farm culture needs revolution in India
Why not Punjab farmer protest when punjab govt passed punjab contract farming act 2013
Modi ji should bring back the laws,no matter what.Small farmers will be benefitted.
This is the failure of farmers and won for middle blood sucker
after winning the election bjp govt. does this everytime
Farm laws were surely dead before arrival . Just from a different perspective . The farm laws needed REGULATION !! Market economy when introduced needs REGULATION !! The laws failed to introduce REGULATION , therefore neither market economy or market freedom : DEAD BEFORE ARRIVAL !!! A joint study "Reforming Agri Markets in Punjab in Federal Context" by IIM-A and Punjabi Uni Patiala authored by Sukhpal Singh depicts it well
International media can speak for it if we can dicuss there matter like (amzon fire). india is one of the largest democratic country if it's democracy is effected it effects the credibility of democracy all over world
Modi now been considered as "Manhoos" in global world.  Reason when he supported Trump " Trump gone". India supported Sheeroon (Israel PM), Sheeroon gone. India supported Ashraf Ghani, he had to leave Afghanistan,  supported  Armenia    ended up in breakdown of Armenia  and list can go on and on
only 6% farmers in india enjoy MSP.
Its unfortunate that so much falsehood is being spread against contract farming bill.
Justice for Law Pain Farmers Family Peoples
Arrest Chadhuni for inciting the farmers.
thanks to BBC, you are not like Godi media
I could not understand why the third law is against farmers, and why they want to take it back. Is that mean that they suddenly become so thoughtful and philanthropic that they want to harm themselves for the profit of others?
82 percent of farmers are small or marginal ie less than 2 hectares or 4 acres.
This is not the work of farmers, goons hai ye saale
Who is really responsible for the death of 600+ farmers? 
The bill is also mentioned that *any farmer can sell their produced yeild at Mandi as before* other than this if they like corporate offer thay can sell to a corporate .
We are farmers who r very down 2 earth  not politicians like u kangna  who barks everytime. speak that much which others can tolerate otherwise u will have 2 pay for this
4. Why such huge population from Punjab has settled in USA and Canada, to exploit gains of capitalism but oppose any step towards it in India. 
To Interfering indian govt and  farmers
victory of our farmers well done..
The goverment should not roll back the Farmer ordinance. Some changes should be made, but completely rejecting the ordinance  is not the solution.
Khalistan The Punjsb Annexe report from the British government has been sent to UN and from UK supreme court by SFJ and nothing can stop the dream of having our own land back. India had its opportunity for 70 years to work with Sikhs and respect our freedom and beliefs but instead, we were treated like guardians of Hindustan Shri Guru Granth Sahib Ji was disrespected time after time after time and one generation of Sikhs inPunjab were murdered by the indian state, For decades our people have lived under threaten by the Indian central government. If they thing Farmers will clear the decks of Delhi then they are even dumber than the previous guardians of indian government. Modi will be hung and his entire chain of command coming as far as CABAL and Billionaires will all be extinct withing the next 12 months just like Mughal empire and general Odwer.
What about them? Modi will lose votes in up election unless he retain these  laws.
Kisa Ancor hai ABP ka lagta hai BJP ka koi neta news anchor hai .. kis tra se bolta hai . Decency nahi hai words and sentences par anchor ka tone vi invoking BJP ki tara hai . professional news anchor jise interviews ya debate nahi karta hai 
Indian Democracy already facing problem with Cast,Creed, Religion, Language etc. Now Kisan politics by rich Kisans of Hindi Speaking States has become one more headache. Media can help.
All farmers demands should be filled any how as they are our India future
He shouldnt withdraw the farmers law..
Farmers have taken correct decision. Jai Sri Ram.
I don't understand what problems farmers of Punjab have. ? Other states r not doing much.
Please respect farmers' wishes and stop harassment by politicians.
The whole farmer protest is a comedy
India should leave Afghanistan and let the Pakistani deal with them directly. It is going to be very devastating for pakistan on a long run.
700 Farmers have given their lives just to remove these 3 Farm Laws which is a very sad part of this fight. BJP govt could have done it much before and saved farmers lives but the reason they did it now is out fear of losing UP elections...
Please logo ko farmers bill padhna chahiye....reality pata chal jayega
Dajalic rules implementation by govt. Unacceptable to farmers. Enslaving the producers of food -- common man  under the hands of corporaters ,multi millionaire is bad. Farmers should have free hand and free will in agricultural sector. No bindings should be imposed on them. Corporaters want to get cultivated spacific kinds of food which they like and what suits to them. They are weaving a net over the farmers and compelling them  to produce and provide , what is suitable to them.. not bothered about the common man.
#supportFarmers 
Shameful movement for countary,sudhir ji please express your condolences to our farmers death
Modi government forget history or bravery of HARYANA & PUNJAB   that's why it's over now  modi government shame on you
Neither Rakesh Tikait an economist nor he is any agro specialist,  why this unwanted and antisocial  person is called  on TV debates.  Unnecessary  camera exposure. Has channel not got any reasonable  personality?
I am surprised that almost no one in India ever bothered improving the RNF sector(Rural Non-Farm Sector) at a national level, these are generally industries that are suited to operate in rural areas, it will help to diversify the rural economy, agriculture products are used in a whole basket of industries as their primary inputs on top of being used as food, so it will help to create additional demand for agricultural crops which means farmers will get more places to sell their crops
I stopped using jio. Cleared reliance from my demat account.  Standing with our farmers. Some people may think that i am an idiot. Profit is important but business ethics is necessary.  Full support to our farmers. Take love. 
First listen to NDA Alliance parties, Dear modi ji ..
Rakesh tikait showed us how to deal with Godi Media 
 BEST ever explanation on YT about FARM Bill and also about MONOPOLIZATION of TAXI industry by OLA & UBER -->  how it may be linked to Agriculture as well - Worth spending 30 min , if U R interested 
India is being divided by Bjp & Media. If this continue, May be one day will come when divided Indians will say "Once upon a time Khalistan, Kashmir, South India, North-East India and India were one country."
Now it is opportunity for youth to start companies for cold storage and packaged food like milk which will benefit farmer also and will increase exports
were farmers not allowed to sell outside the mandi earlier? I knew they were free earlier as well.
More more more videos relating to the farmers plz
Look India media. I have many Punjabi friends. One thing I know about them is they are never wrong. I support farmers from my country.
You can explain to all India, that this is not a problem of farmers, this will be a problem to every Indian, thank you sir ji
these farmers protests will be there until the Punjab elections. After that, they will shut down.
Farmers are also coming from Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar are also coming please check your facts
Save India from Modi
If these are farmers i would prefer to sleep Hungry but won't Compromise with dignity of my mother
It's very sad to see everyone around me thinks farmers are protesting for no reason. National media and govt have made farmers villains. Same on India as a nation. Great work ScoopWhoop.
And regarding disputes. Why can't farmer's organizations help them? 
Can you help find out whether Punjab is headed towards becoming a desert due to over farming and no rain water recharging the ground water levels?
The Govt needs to get off its high horse and engage with humility with the farmers. The protests are centric only to Punjab and Haryana but the repercussions are India-wide. MSP is an important reference point for pricing as it takes into account the costs involved. 
Love from Multan city, Punjab pakistan 
"We are a funny country, all of Europe is united, we are part of WTO, we are promoting globalization of open trade but we don't let our districts to trade with each others only when it comes to farmers" #CutTheClutter
All opposition leaders of Modi Government  are talking today against Modi without doing or contributing anything towards these cause which Modi considered to favour the farmers despite the people who agitated were most owning big land bank and pretending representing the masses which these people of opposition were supporting and are part of it to represent their holding of land bank indirectly now praising the verdict taken in the interest of the masses of small farmers.
Good way of delivering your out view....but never thinking about doing good to the farmers....did u give any solution about the problem....
Rakesh end the nautanki. What you  are waiting. What is yours programme in UP. Yogi ji waiting for your welcome. Come immediate.
Congratulations to our farmers. They are the back bone of our country. Shame to the government for taking this decision after this long time and after so many sacrifices. It's a long way to go. Our politicians first create the problem and then take long time to solve it. They do not have other things to focus on like "development". It is a big term, and our politicians are comparing India with Pakistan. We must first improve ourselves and then compete with China, Japan, Germany or America. But this thinking would not change.
Farmers are ryt and i support them . 
Hey trevor ... ik i'm gonna get some hate replies on this comment or things but jsyk everyone around the world supports farmers from anywhere and even us indians respect them but when you throw light on such a major topic you need to show both the sides of the coins ... you just can't stop after explaining the farmer's view ... what about the laws .... ik you ain't exactly declaring your support for the farmers but its exactly clear. The farmers are not ready to have a peaceful conversation with the government.These laws will indeed improve efficiency of the Indian markets. It is known that the farmers have misinterpreted the laws till some extent.The main cause why the public is angered at the farmers is because when after months of lockdown the city had opened up and was getting functional , the farmer protests though peaceful at first locked up the city till some level again.
Why don't German govt give same farm law to german farmers as well???? Does this channel understand these farm laws, atleast?
If all the farmers come together with force this police and entire system won't be sufficient to stop. Its quite easy to stir and create ruckus Which BJP is trying to do from day one but failing miserably. Imagine entire farmers went for it SDM will run to his house.
Salute to d farmers of india 
Please call it the Broker's and Congress protest. We love our farmers and the new laws will help them become richer.
Father of nation, Farmer is the one. Respect  farmers
How  can other countries allow the Indian farmers to hold rallies in their countries knowing fully well that Mr. Modi has repealed the acts?
Salute to Ajit Anjum ji for true reporting. Congratulations to all farmers from the core of   for the historic win by remaining disciplined, peaceful and united. If this principle/tempo is maintained in future too, every genuine demand can be got fulfilled. Congratulations to SKM for leading the Morcha very wisely and keeping as much as 42 farmers Union together and in the end of the day proved the old proverb, "Union is strength ".
@SG, this episode was more like a political interest and not like "National Interest". You should have told us that what was good and bad in these three bill from your own perspective and not what Rahul Gandhi and others say. irony is that how constructive discussion is done in parliament. Like, it is responsibility of Government to take decisions for uplift of people and also it is responsibly of opposition to have constructive opposition on any topic and not just oppose for the sake of opposition. This mindset by politicians and journalists is costing India huge.
I think agriculture supply chain will be Modernized and farm produce will increase, if the company and farmers do contract farming. 
Can anyone explain me how a farmer with very little land below 5 acers can sell his product to private player and if the private player is not accepting to take the farmers product then where can his products stored to prevent damage or spoil of his products?
I am a farmer from Rajasthan and i support govt  . Farm laws .
Farmers(Labours from UP&Bihar work for them) in  Punjab &Haryana are more financially sound than farmers in other parts of India. Most of them don't solely depend upon income from farm produce and run other businesses. Now Farm is a tool for avoiding Tax. One can show income from other business as income from the farm. This might be also one of the issue. Because farmers from other part India not opposing it. If they are opposing it they have different motive for opposition.
Very valid point by tikait ji .. India tv its anchors and most Modi media is involved in politics of division
Please Support farmers 
This may have been farmers protest in first few days. But it has been hijacked by opposition political parties since then. And ordinary Indian citizens are well aware of this.
Congratulations to Afghanistan for freedom after 20years of world terror, congratulations to the winners Taliban and the rest of the Afghans. Your best brother in the future is Iran and Pakistan
Ajay Mishra who gave you the right to call farmers Atankvadi - can you prove it
A real enlightening exposition on farm laws. Congress Party stands exposed on its duplicity. However, BJP did no less politicking on farm reforms when Congress proposed it in Parliament but was vehemently opposed by BJP in both upper and lower houses. No party, I find, is doing above board politics. 
Beating farmers is like beating your wn father its a very shameful act...
Rakesh Tikait ji you really great.
This was a political agitation in the name of Kisan. Unfortunately, media, journalists, economists all glorified the agitation overflowing with financing. This is worrying as money Must be coming  from vested interests.
We love our farmers 
Farmers life matter
farmers are protesting for the livelihood of all people. Many understand and some don't understand this. If there is no farmers, then there is no agricultural development and not even food for all. Withdraw the new laws and support farmers without smashing them..
Come on all world please stand with farmers and with truth voice ,,, #SUPPORTFARMERS
Farmers bill will be benefited to farmers, the commission agent's no more role in selling of farmers crops. 
All sound and fury. Nothing more. The court should have directed the government to forcibly evict the squatting farmers.
Why don't you show video before violence where farmers were crushed by car bias media dalal media
Farmer's protests brought the real faces out ..lol. toolkits , Khalistanis , Rihanna,  , ..          
4) Contract Farming depends on the farmers decision only. 
None of them are farmers ,hence proved
Now a days farmers condition is improving  Due to Modi ji they are getting direct benefits.Middle men like Tiket are worried.This is politically motivated and funded movement.
It was very Shameful Act of opposition parties Leaders to oppose Farmers Bill is most disgusting and needs to be disliked and condemned. Because the said Bill in favour of Farmers as it was the in Manifesto of So-called Secular Congress in last LS Election and also so-called Secular Congress Leader Kapil Sibal was pleading in Parliament for the said Bill in Parliament. Hence opposing now is wrong.
The simple solution is to make farmers educated and train them.
This is India after 5 years...when after modi...you get yogi...Jaago india jaago
Because Punjab elections are coming so farm laws have been repealed
Love punjabi people from Nepal. Also farmers get what they want. God bless them.
Administrator are  ordering of breaking the heads of farmers hpw they can punish that sdm shame on bjp
Explain it properly  . Mark my words this is the act that will have biggest impact not only onfarmers but on every citizen of india
Can't the farmers form cooperatives and control their entire supply chain produce, processing to selling+exports? If the government deregulates(fails to protect the people) coming together into cooperatives that develop and market products presents a greater longterm advantage and gains.
UNO PLEASE HELP TO INDIAN-FARMERS 
Shame of bjp and modi
Farmers all over the World are standing up and speaking truth to power !  The government in India must be changed to one that honors all of its people !  Eliminate the people who divide and subjugate the masses !  4
election hai kya modi bhai
That encourages farmers to produce wide varieties of fruits and vegetables with high nutrition value. 
On the contrary, since the BJP government has come into power' there is good road connectivity all along the border, which is the bone of contention as China doesn't like that Indian army could be deployed swiftly along its borders. Previously there were pagdandis on Indian side and highways on China side. Modi syche is not so submissive who will surrender to might of any country.
Farmers 
Really very very sad that these hardworking farmers are ignored.
The Farmers Produce Trade & Commerce (Promotion & Facilitation) Bill
Small farmers Cooperative societies in every district seems the best solution. With a few educated, honest and marketing savy leadership they will have better bargaining power. By reducing having to deal with middle men, prices for consumers too will reduce.
Vote for BJP ....Why BJP will listen to  people when the people themselves have given them absolute majority ...This same people will vote again for BJP if election are held tomorrow....Arrogant party
This is bill is good but I dont know why farmers are protesting ??
The farmers protest is the messiest protest movement I have ever seen.
Finally farmers win the battle
Its not hard. Respect democracy. Repeal the 3 bills. Simple.
Mr. Dikhit ji you call this respect person in yours DEBATE, who invective  modi ji in his words  and We are listened to CAREFULLY 
such a shame these rioters should think about what day it is and they are doing because of them  all farmers will lose their respect
Awesome to see this, Farmers were quite for such a long time but this govt don't understand speaking softly
Why the hell, this video is so underrated, it should be viral at the time of farmer protest!
i have gone through whole Indian agriculture acts ( krishi kanoon bill) and i did not found any kind of law which is against the farmer. please correct if i am wrong . please mention section wise .   not like rakesh tikait .
The Essential Commodities (Amendment) Ordinance, 2020 allows the central government to regulate the supply of certain food items only under extraordinary circumstances (such as war and famine).  Stock limits may be imposed on agricultural produce only if there is a steep price rise
these farmers r supported by bjp
Sir, I am a great fan of Cut the Clutter and follow, avidly, your analysis of international geopolitics. However, your analysis of the agricultural economy in the context of the ongoing farmers protests left me unconvinced. In my (perhaps simplistic) view, the imbalance in agricultural production (rice and wheat versus oilseeds for example) can be corrected simply by rebalancing the procurement prices. The disservice to farmers in Bihar due to low-priced availability of foodgrain procured in Punjab and Haryana seems to be a matter of the Bihar having abolished the APMC act and not giving its farmers the incentives available to farmers in Punjab and Haryana. Why can't the government simply increase the procurement prices for oilseeds, maize, etc and reduce them proportionately for rice and wheat? Why do we need a new law and open doors for Ambanis and Adanis into agriculture? Why can't FCI simply export excess foodgrain rather than allow them to rot in open storage? Why must we allow Ambani/Adani crony capitalism into agriculture when absence of big business did not prevent us from getting out of the cycle of famines and become self sufficient in food? Didn't get answers to these questions from this episode. The clutter was not cut.
Problem is only 2 state was following the MSP properly..  so the farmers over there having the problem.. but they still have the option to continue with the same. Just the farmers who don't want to sell in maandi , they can move out and find other options..
Full respect for NDTV bcz NDTV stand with farmers,,,, AajTak ko   
I dont think the intermediaries would go alltogether as the companies would still require to approach farmers for contract farming.  The companies would probably require services of these intermediaries to handle this.  Agreed, the extent of the cartelization or monopolization would go away though.
I m really happy for farmers
Sadday for India's economic progress. No Govt will dare to touch land reforms or Agri reforms. Both these are the biggest impediment to investment and the biggest source of corruption and black money in the country. we briefly had hope that India was going todramtically change and join the more advanced nations club. But that willl nowhav eto wait fr another decade or so. Anarchists have won and proved that an empowered majority govt can also not change the fortunes of India. we will muddle along making compromises and protecting private interests and ruling parties will only prioritize electoral arithmetic over reform
There are APMCs before every act 1,2,3 and government assured that also . Why farmers pressuming that it APMCs will end soon.
Please everyone support farmers
Disperse the Farmers.
Hypocrisy is that they are protesting against Farm law but now using this platform to fulfill the political agenda. Not sure are they really are farmer or politician disguise as farmer. Not able to mention what is wrong in farm law and under which clause they are having issue till date.
love from west punjab...........   love to all kisaan brothers
Reallyy it hurts..when we see our is in direction of leading the worlds but some dogs are here in our country ...kehte haina kaantte toh gali k kutte hi hai..but we are with you modiji...alwaysss 
Ungrateful farmers Who else in this world. except our VG wil give Rs16  per day pwe faarmer ?
This only gives confidence to so called farmers and motivates them to continue protests regarding other issues.
I'm sorry but can someone explain me in simple words why farmers are protesting?
You shouldn't have compared only the number of farmers with USA's population but also the system being followed by USA related to selling of crops by farmers.
4-5 days before they support the bill ......
This was not a nice act from protesters looks few sort to have an inside agenda & using this opportunity. I support farmers but this act is wrong they defamed national flag.
shame on Indian media/ Shame on ZEE tv
Thank you bhaiya. I am from Pakistan and you opened my mind that how both countries main stream medias are misguiding common people. But truth wins always.
These laws would have benefitted 95% of farmers in India. These rich farmers in Punjab and middlemen for their selfish motives scuttled this reform.
To win Punjab and Hariyana  drop GUJUS/Marwaris otherwise India may not celebrate 100th year
Do u all know, govt. Openly requested farmers to come and discuss, which line in farm law they think is bad, govt will remove it.
Citizens of India salute farmers
Discouraging the demand of paddy and rice is not a solution for surplus procurement. If government will start procuring crops other than paddy and wheat in a decent price farmers will naturally move to different crops.
You should discuss, is farmer producing what is required in the country? If you produce more than required, price is going to be lower. Currently we are producing Wheat, Rice, Vegetables more than Dal, Fruits, Dry fruits etc. We need to reduce the former and increase the later.
Mostly the Indian farmers are from Punjab and Haryana dont mention India its not like the others care.
Farm bill is good for reforms but becoz of fear among farmer the bill shall be demolished . Privatisation is good but Liberalization is more important than privatisation
This shows politics is supreme.... Very conveniently 3 laws are taken back who is responsible for the lose of 600 farmers. Karma is round the corner....
Great Rakesh Tikait ji...he is telling the truth.
India badly missed manufacturing revolution. Now we're paying the price.
wow Indians screaming Pakistan Zindabad is pretty cool ngl
Kashmir stands with the farmers of Punjab!
Full support from Bengal. Jai kishan 
I again repeat these laws are not compulsory. Farmers will sale whomever he wants, not only to middlemen. Farmers will go for contract farming if he likes. Actually the whole issue about law 1, which frees farmer from middlemen.
Modi and Shaw either do not understand or are deliberately helping the traders and the corporate owners by privatizing everything. In a corrupt environment, Punjipatees will become infinitely rich after eliminating the small professions/professionals, the corruption, greed and fear in the system will help in exploiting the corporate employees and workers to no limits. They will use greed/fear, reward/punishment tactics in hiring/firing and controlling salaries of their employees. They will exploit the self desire for existence to the extent that a PHD scientist may be forced to work as a Clark and a janitor may be hired as his boss. People will destroy each other while fighting for their existence in order to make their monthly payments for medical, vehicle, home and retirement insurances, house tax, state tax, federal tax, house mortgage, vehicle payment and on top of that the fear of losing job, breaking marriage not being able to pay for their children education will remain every second they live a life of slavery. That is the future in a corrupt system where politicians will have to beg the corporate owners for their existence and the corporate owners will keep on doubling their wealth every year regardless of what happens. This is the extreme picture when corruption, fear and greed exists in the  society to extreme limits destroying the freedom and democracy of the country. Wake up Rashterwadio it is already too late drop your religious differences and save your childrens future. It's in your hands today and farmers are showing you by protesting and fighting for their future existence!!
Namaskar ravish Kumar sir lovely prime time today victory of democracy
There are majorly 2 ends of this problem, at production end (farmer) and at marketing end. At farmer end, problem of seed selection, or credit availability or using ICT for connecting with experts is there and it is explained quite well in this. Further from marketing end, https://youtu.be/qb7x84PS4mk this video will help take some initiatives. In my opinion, small landholding is also one of major cause of farmers, as it restricts economics of scale. May we some co-operatives (like in lines of Dairy cooperatives ) can be formed in future.
Farm bill removed....I feel calm and happy ( son of a farmer, from odisha)
Good Presentation, Alex can you explain about Indian agricultural commodity markets, it is meant for hedging the risk and price discovery, but the farmers participation is very less. Can you explain the reasons
"Nobody in earth is more patient than a farmer"---The truth. Yea men, farmer waits 4month for an egg plant to grow.
Those farmers are anti nationals now.
If we give pain to thesefarmers our country will go without food..
Oh god almighty !! Please keep my farmer brothers in your lap with your hand on their heads. Surround them with your light & protection. Fulfill their desires. Help them win this morcha
Government cannot bring changes, until this every six month election process in different states we have here in India.
We should be support Farmers
Modi was telling sabka sath, sabka Vikas and sabka biswas but it appears he is with the arthritis/middle man. Today is the black day for small and marginal farmers.
Modi is a great leader without any ego he gave away for sake of farmers great leader
In a convoluted search, I came across India farmers protest new laws. After reading several articles, I still couldn't make sense of it, by design b/c I'm not stupid! Thank you, and that's what I thought!
Solidarity with Farmers 
Smart indian farmer they fight harder than us citizen fight for thier right we should learn from them
NDTV is the best. Everybody should boycott other news channel who are dividing farmers unity.
Only 6% of farmers get benefit of MSP. You forgot to mention this.
Mrr.Shekhar Gupta, what is your opinion on farm bill. is it good for the farmers.  I  want a non political answer without leaning towards left or right.
Farmers are so underrated in this country!
Have you ever wondered that Congress is just Demoralising the people of India, no matter weather he is BJP or any other. I know congress can do nothing. If we compare Japan and India, Japan Is much more developed than our country, although it got democracy later than India. Same goes for South Korea and uhmm if you think they are small countries that you can take China as an example. China is very much developed in military and technology as well
So what suddenly changed? Who are creating confusion and apprehensions among farmers? Who are the forces behind this movement?
I stand with my farmers.
Only our India army defeat these talibani. Jai ho Indian ARMY 
You are absulity right. I support to kisan andolan..
On a public note i would suggest this decision is good as we have seen in many developed countries they provide some kind of subsidy to their farmers... please sir i respect you but atleast provide full information on both the sides of the coin
are these farmers capitalists?
The Print you will grow and grow but if you stop your leftist bias, Talk only on facts, No support to left wing or right wings, I like this video even you all can see the views on the last video on Farm bills, they are lot more than views on any other video
Now 75 days farmers have peacefully protest but govt didnt respond
Congrats indian farmers
Respected Sandeep chaudhry ji neither RSS nor its kissan wing won't succeed in  misleading  aann daata's, RSS  want to play a drama for coming states election in particular U.P.election , aann daata's fully understand RSS election drama equally it is true RSS can't be pro kissan andolon they have to remain pro Modi Shah system
But supporting them blindly instead of telling them pros and cons of laws which are made for their own benefit is not right. They have bring the same farm laws which has been in practicing in western countries from a long period of time. They now have much options instead of only one or two. And this law is not forced on them it's optional for them.
Yeh opposition sab desh drohi he pehle bill pass karne samay toh protest kar rahe the ab bill repeal samay bhi distrub kar raha he. Parliament meh achase kam karne bhi dete
How Disgusting shame on this Government they are not thinking about Indian Farmers they are thinking about Afghanistan how Disgusting 
2. Modi Government has water cannoned, gas cannoned and beaten farmers with wooden and metal sticks and blocked all Delhi borders, forcing them on. roads to carry out their peaceful protest
Exports will improve because of industry input. They could ask farmers to produce to a certain quality required for exports.
Most of these farmers are from one state Punjab, very few from Haryana. The state government has full right to implement or stop the laws enacted by the center. 
 By construing this bill only will sink a farmer is just fear mongering . The act doesn't at any point highlight the doing away of APMCs. This Act is the best way forward for the actual heroes, the farmers to get their rightful dues henceforth which has been stopped by the parasites called Middlemen over decades. Kindly read n understand the bill in TOTO before crying foul.
CAA protest was necessary but these farm laws are good for farmers, this is an unwanted protest
I have a question here. There is a list of food  grains on which MSP is applied but why there is no diversification of crops? Is MSP not paid as is being paid for wheat and rice in Punjab and Haryana?
Good explanation of farmer's side .
Thanks to all the students ... They are also sons and daughters of farmers ...
The people who died their supporters wiil take revenge from Modi,yogi, and rss. They are not mahtma Gandhi who follows nonviolence
What these jokers in the international media won't say is that the opposition to the Farm Laws was primarily from just 1 state in India out of 28 States in India.
Anyone harming our farmer and soldiers.. they must be punished.. death is a gud one but legally...
Western world have high taxes how can 3rd world countries do this.  I support farmers.
Well there's two things the United States accomplished to mirror our own image. I just saw a man with a stack of us $100 bills 4 inches thick period in the USA we can only take $400 per day, from my bank machines. Through the 70s and 90s 80% of Afghanistan's population lived in the providence's outside of the Cities, now we reverse said is just the opposite, 80% live in the cities 20% herding goats. That the mirror image of the United States 80% of our population lives on the east and west coast where all the cities are. The sad part is, just sign 1960s we have been there so long the majority that live in the city have enjoyed Western life. That's now over just like the late seventies when the Communist parties then the Taliban took over. Frankly we saw the USSR Russia communism as the bad guy, and back religious extremist. Russia knew what they were doing back then, they were trying just stopped exactly what we are seeing happening today. If not for USA weapons given to the Sharia law extremist to fight Russia, we will not have this situation. One decade we hate communism the next decade we despise Sharia law extremist, in both situation it depends what those countries have to offer. So now communist China for many years oh, they are good slave labor to make our throwaway Goods, countries like Iran Afghanistan, they're bad. Curious to see what country we will invade next. Like President Putin always says, put your finger anywhere on the map I'll tell you how the USA interfere in elections, started a war and left that country in mess
This is very bad . Due to some fundamentalists, we should not blame whole community. I am also proud Hindu. But i respect other religions too. Police is doing fantastic job. Caught fundamentalists can even go to gallows. Who the hell is these people to beat anybody, for somebody else's mistake. This is utter nonsense. Law of land will take care of terrorists and fundamentalists. But should not blame whole of community. R we so duffer? Even educated ones r acting like goons. India's image is at stake internationally
This is the indian government, imposing laws, attacking farmers for protesting, and claiming that they are the largest democracy. What a shame.
First officer is not the son of a farmer but  definitely 2 officer is the son of a farmer...... salute to all farmers.
So when gov say we are going to accept demands of farmers... what they actually accepting and what not... if any one have clarity
Modiji India meh jumla or joot nehi chalega. Only headlines news and posters not enough for country's development. development starts from roots.. India roots are kissan. jai kissan
wrt Pt (d) and (g)(ii) of 2. of chapter 1 (preliminary) and chapter2: 3.(1)(a) & 4. (2) (a) & (b) of THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT ON PRICE ASSURANCE AND FARM SERVICES ACT, 2020
Shame on Indian government #istandwithfarmers
When a change government happens one day, the parties that opposed it today may start singing another tune. The biggest drawback of ruling parties is their illusion of majority and power. The 'majority' is fickle because it is based on first past the post and not 50% + votes.  That is why a forthcoming election generates fear and all the bravado vanishes. Unfortunately these elections are able to influence only negative feelings and convergence to a set of positive feelings is not generated by them. Consensus building is an art all political parties have to learn.  We have seen nearly same ideas getting supported or opposed based on the make up given to their avatars. Farm laws were talked of by Congress. But they readily joined the agitators because they thought it can be a way to defeat BJP. Congress is a clueless party that could not find a robust growth model. It is all about appeasement all the time. BJP should also realize they are running out of runway, and if it can not usher in reforms with adequate consensus building approach, they will also crash. All so called majority governments have just about 30% votes only.
UP turning into north korea....shame on yoge sarkar....sad to see jaliawala bagh akine incident even after Britishers fled...RIP brave farmers...your sacrifices wont go in vane.
Real problem of msp of crop real farmer's are facing problem
Justice for farmers  
This great news that Lobby is above real farmers, govt.
0:49 Khalistani tractor  with AK47
Yes it is . But the reason is something different ----upcomming election in two major state i.e. Punjab and Uttar Pradesh. 
Contract farming for farmers where they will be told by corporates to grow what kind of crop. Corporates again happy.
Proud of you farmers  
Shekhar ji, please have a dialogue with farmers leaders on various clauses of the controversial farm laws. You still stick to your earlier stance about these laws and didnt invite any protesting leader. Are you fearing of being proved wrong? Rajewal is the best person to have discussion.
these laws had the potential to release the farmers from the cluthes of the licensed middlemen and empower them various platforms provind them great value... Alas ..lost it all.
Anchor ho ya supreme court chief justice hai Bjp government pm modi failure cm yogi failure se swal kiyun nhi poochtey sarkar se jwab mango
Very much proud of our farmers and farmer unions leaders and Sandeep Chaudhary.
Govt should declare  its targeted purchases of food grains under Food Security Law -wheat, rice, dal etc. at the least 1 year before and announce schedule of quantity and quality of its purchases from different states and mandis along with the start and end dates. MSP is declared before the sowing starts. It should spread its procurement widely and not concentrate only on Punjab, Haryana and UP. It should not purchase food grains beyond minimum buffer stock requirements. This will remove undue benefits farmers from these 3 states are getting. But Central Govt should also remove all subsidies it gives and distribute the amount saved as DBT to all the farmers in the country along with a minimum income support to all farmers and landless workers. This will free farmers to decide what and when and how much to produce and will change the conditions for better.
He never spoke during farmer protest and today he is speaking. Dal mein kuch kala hai
Reddy is not good leader. He has not faith on farmers. Will he justify Maharashtra farmers have more suicide cases than Punjab. Why Bihar farmer works as migrant but not from Bihar.
Sir i think its time for farmers to understand now, they demanded the repeal and now its done..Still protests are on going and they came up with 6 to 7 more demands..this is ultimately causing inconvenience to us
People who are neither farmers nor understand ground realities have crafted these laws...start small, test and then scale. Don't assume just like you assumed the benefits of demonetization! Grandiose, egoistic plans...don't always succeed.
These farmers can never succeed, because there is no iota of truth value in their struggle for regression into land lord feudal caste based class structure & struggle against parallel  competitive market. Actually, a fraction  of desert land is enough to produce food than so many of them inefficiently do. They can use the high capital intensive techno-agriculture, which they cannot opt within the outdated regressive government  supported expensive cultivation of unwanted crops using bloated employment patterns that flourishes only narcissist identity cults... media uses it to fuel hatred for somebody like Ambani, Adhani... not at all related. The media Punjabi vs Gujarati because Modi is from Gujarat, even Mahatma's statues are defaced... They spin narratives phoophooing nationalism because  Modi represents national interest, they push hatred for hindutva because Modi is a Hindu, they even sell dislike of chai wallas as they dislike modi... to what nasty distance narrative pushing can go?
It shocking me to see an intellectual like you vary happy with BJP's election propaganda..
Doest this 3 farm bill effect to fisharies sector?
By taking back this law and not acting against voilent protestors on 26th. Its a big failure of Modi government. Abhijit is right, appeasement never works. Look at srilanka against terrorists. Media management of the government is a complete failure. BJP Has taken Hindus granted. Time has come to show door BJP.
What these farmers were doing for last 2 months... when punjab and haryana farmers started the agitation.... these farmers are being cajoled to participate in the morcha... purely political...no substance...
Without farmers no food .
support to farmers
I really appreciate this guy as he didn't just told about issues but really gave good solutions. One instance I want to add about FCI as one of my friends was part of it. He was arranging lines for purchasing wheat from farmers and one guy came in front by gundagardi and asked my friend to purchase his wheat first. When my friend denied he came back in minutes with whole village as he was sarpanch and covered whole office. Finally my friend somehow saved his life by running away and later he was asked to give reason for his immaturity. 
some coaxing farmers, making chaoes
Some of them not wearing mask. When they will get covid then opposition will say Modiji is responsible  taliban is on the scene that doesn't mean corona gone
Strongly condemned this brutal action on innocent farmers.
Two Bjp people and one media person died who is talking and sympathy always supporting congress India today group
But agriculture laws are good... One day farmers of Punjab will realise.
Unfortunately as Justified as the protests are, the reforms along with gras roots level awareness programs are the onky way to reform Punjab's lopsided agricultural sector that is riddled with structural inefficiencies and lack of capital, too many people chasing too little capital somethings gotta give, either small holding farmers move onto other sectors while increasing the holding size for the ones left behind or they shift to other crops that are less water intensive like Rice, which fuels the alarming rate of ground water extraction in punjab which is incentivised by the govt policies, Rice farming in Northern India is a disaster if these farmers cant see that a drought that cant be managed will, Indian governments Central and State is not exactly known for competancy let alone efficiency. These policy measures of intrusive state support for inefficient farming kick started this whole thing when India was facing famine and living on American grain exports, Those days are long gone, Indian Government is scared of people making noise about rising food prices, so by their logic from a crisis management point its better to deal with a relatively small number of farmers than incur tye wrath of the gigantic Indian consumers. These protests are the result of failed policies that supported inefficienct farning in one of India's most fertile regions for decades, Farmers are merely looking out for their livelyhood doing what govt policy for the longest period has dictated, these reforms should have been carried out atleast two decades ago, Punjabi/Sikh Farmers are doing well in other countries why not in India, Idiotic state intervention from well intentioned but misinformed socialistic policies.
I know PRIVATE companies may do monopoly (as u said examples Jio) but they will increase competition and healthy environment for farmers ( as Jio did). Farmers will start taking its benefit by cultivating many crops rather than Rice and wheat and sell them in market.
Rakesh tiket Des dorohi Congress pati he
Why the petrol & diesel price increase several time disfavour of people ? Effect in this regards is feel the people of India.
Tikait and anjum cannot understand why modiji withdran kisanbills . They keepon changing their priorities. Oi
Modi represents the East India Company 2.0
bhai app honest insan ho god bless uh good work no farmers no food
We are proud to have modi ji as a prime minister
Khalistan will be free very soon. our Sikh friends we are with you. love from Pakistan
you can sense modi support in this report...
 punjab and Haryana stay strong and together now please please. All india farmers stand up together now 
SG read the farm bill from top to bottom, left to right and vice versa and can't notice that the corporates are not liable if they breach the contract/agreement with the farmers as farmers complaints won't be entertained by the govt & even the court can't interfere. Wasn't this a red flag?
shame congress shame for keeping farmers in blind
South farmer # unity# true India
Respected Mr. Narendra Modi ji ne only votes Ke liye wapas liye Hai ye qanoon
No Farmers No Food 
Bad decision.....that law shouldn't be repealed.....just for 2022 up elections 
            ? ,         ,           Where was the Delhi Police when the farmers entered the Lal killa ? By the way, it is so strict in ordinary days. On that day, the Delhi Police was paving the way to the Lal killa
That's really very good news  .Nation salutes brave & courageous farmers, this who became martyrs in course of this agitation will be remembered for ever.
Farmers are thr real heroes  to hell with this govt  its time to show them the true meaning of democracy and power of the common man 
Have you noticed any flaws in the reform laws in interest of farmers. There are many new opportunities in laws for farmers without diminishing the previous facilities. The compulsion of brokers are eliminating from agricultural products marketing. Which will free genuine farmers from the cut money of brokers. Many other provisions are in favour of farmers. If we genuinely wants to help farmers we should support agricultural reform bills in interest of farmers not brokers and other interest groups.
Poor Farmers!!!!! How long do they have to suffers this?????
Farmers has lost an opportunity to empower themselves
Punjab farmers are richer than up and Bihar farmers
Only Punjab&Haryana should be excluded from Farm bill and should be implemented across India. If others are benefitted from farm laws Punjab would join the law.
1) The farmers who r involved in the protest themself lack this knowledge.
Farmers: we are coming to Delhi
Which modi government Bill useful for common man.
Respect farmers Save farmers!!!
Blaming it on farmers to spoil thr name
Insolance of power surrendered before the humility of farmers. Non-violence of farmers once again proves it's Mahatma Gandhi's land.
India media is completely silent on this issue as it doesnt contain Hindu-Muslim material for them.
I am from Punjab and farmers here are quite rich due to fertile land. They don't represent marginal farmers. 
Until industrial capital is introduce in Agriculture ,the development of India is not possible.Industrial marketing management attached to the core peasant production distribution of products through out India and abroad is the essential gear to industrial development of India. I support the bill whole heatedly.
 Real farmers protests peacefully even till now against laws please represent the true fact ...
This is a good news for the farmers. At least they can think about their children and family now. I want to ask one thing, can I become fan of that journalist: Nidhi Suresh.. :D
Farmers of India
I agree on these points, and thus I am wondering why do we need these farm laws then? Just incentivize the farmer to diversify their crop field. Simple solution. It will take time but keep persuading.
Very pleasing speech by our Honourable PM Modiji... great personality... tried much efforts in the reforms of Farmers Law.... 5times budget increased...  welfare schemes provided to farmers.....made proposals from agriculture experts to balance the gap between the government and farmers.....but it's very sorry to say that our Honourable PM Modiji... So humbly he apologize for the farmers bill and wanna repeal it in the forthcoming winter session...... You are our great leader...
Ye sab journalists politician ke nichhe chal rahe hain farmer ka kya
Don't you think most of the godi media's anchor name start with "A"
BJP ne ki kisano par lathi charge sharm aani Chahiye. beshrm jhutti party h ye
what about Bifurcation of AP --How it happened?-  None in Andhra Pradesh supported (bifurcation), the numbers much bigger than that of farm protests,  but  UPA still went ahead with arrogance of Congress party (expecting big gains politically), but vanished completely both from AP and Telangana.  Arrogance of political parties is not new, those who learn/fix quickly with humble sorry (but expressing their point of view- like not able to convince some)   will survve but who stick to politics (like our opposition), or like to view politics in every decision will perish. India is like Aatman/Brahman(just keeps observing what happens around- and karma phalam takes its course at right time). We just need to watch how India reacts in future elections.
Sir it's a request to make this vedio in hindi so that our farmers should also know about this bill more clearly . As most of them protesting don't even know what is presented in the bill , media is interpreting wrong , ultimately resulting in riots .
It is not farmers protest
Those who are speaking against the farmers they watch only and only t.v.'s bogus news.
rakesh tekawat was a farmer ??? 
sorry I am from Australia so trying to understand, most farms in India are very small between 5 and 10 acres, are farmer afraid that they will lose the minimum support price, there for they will eventually need to sell their land. Large companies start to buy farms on mass and effectively destroy farming communities ? But would I be wrong in saying that a  solution might be to form co operatives in the local farming communities to create a stronger bargaining position ?
But if i may ask what are the loopholes in the bill?  how it can fail? Why government is so arrogant? Why ordinance route? If corporates try to manipulate the system what poor farmers can do? Privatization is not inherently bad, but there should be some failsafe mechanism and people who disagrees with you stop harassing them! Peace
Because they know the true power of united Punjab .they know the power of farmers.. No political party wants to see this harmony and brotherhood of these 2 states.. 
If the bjp leaders have no courage to reach out to the people of Punjab, Haryana and West UP to defend the farm laws, how good are these laws for the farmers...
Rakesh Tikait is absolutely right in countering the tricky questions put forth by the journalist with appropriate narratives and information on hard ground realities.
Many Congratulations to the farmers! Democracy got a new lease of life.
If you keep supporting BJP you will be crushed just like these farmers.
If so then the farmers will loose out to cheaper priced imports.
farmers launched 'SIM Satyagrah' on Thursday. In a social media campaign, they destroyed Reliance Jio mobile SIM cards in protest against corporates over the contentious farm laws.
Rajesh tikait is cheating the farmer
Request to Govt plz look into our farmers problem. Plz plz..... 
#Isupportfarmbill as it is more sustainable in long term. A lot of people didnt actually read the bill. The people sitting there doesnt know shit, they are simply saying things which arent mentioned in bill.
Congratulations INC, AAP, TMC you have successfully destroyed the future of farmers..
If a farmer knew how to read a legal contract he'd rather work for a company 
We are with them .Delhi walo come out of your house and support Farmers
Also, focus on work empowerment and protection, ... giving farmers freedom to trade across India, enter into contracts, grow beyond essential items.... ofcourse, there will be some bad players in business , but doesnt mean we repeal these reforms... the reforms are great and with time, it will evolve
n Still our PM is hidden with no address to d nation..... MANN NAHI HAI BAAT KI?????? govt atrocities in open, but impact of GODI media is so huge on public.....
I  am  not at the rally but  my heart is with peacful farmers
Note ; bring farm laws is a manefesto of congress , DMK before election.
was our farmers were happy before these farm laws ? Do our country farmers dont want any new farm laws ammendments ?
1:32 so much for poor farmers dancing next to an Audi. It was always a battle of power. Current rich farmers feared their power will get diluted if corporations comes in and they protested and they won. Actual poor farmers not in the rich belt of those 3 states will stay poor as they are now. if UP was not having election and western UP was not part of that rich belt these laws would have never been repealed. All political game while farmers from Bihar, Bengal and Odisha stays in the bottom of the ladder.
Initially I was supporting this bill  as people are talking about the benifit of bill but your explanation
Except Punjab & Haryana Farmers ! Rest Of India Support Farm Bills !
Don't ignore these farmers voices. Fear God.
There are lot of Benefits to the farmers they just cut the rich middle men who exploit farmers these are rich middmen who are protesting
Thankyou man #istandwithfarmers
Sarkar se pucho swal,   kisan did wait for 3 moonths,  centre dsnt care,   we know how to make them hear,  its kisans protest dont give it political, communal, any other angle
I am sorry  but now I am not going to support the farmers. This farmer's issue is now going communal!!!, Jai Hind
I am from Pakistan and i support indian farmers
Shame on india govt and bjp ministers
Agara koi bhi reforms government latei hai wo   agar farmers le liye benifit hi nahi. To mat lao sab politics hii
Proud of my farmer brothers 
Farmers always right
Shame on you RSS bjp modi besharam shah all supporter shame shame shame shame shame shame
goddi media jee h Tum pr thhu thhu krta hai hr indian
Yesterday I went to Singu borader for support Farmers!
God bless u 4, for walking for farmers 
Zee news OR AAP KE REPORTS SE ACHE TO VO HE JO KOTHE PER DHANDA KERTE HE VO KAM SE KAM ROTTI KE LIAY APNA JISM BECHTE HE IMAAN NHI...PER TUM LOGO NE APNA IMMAN HE BECH DIAA ...KYOUN KE JISM SE AAP KE GANDGI KE BUDBOO AATE HE ....JO GREEB KISAN KE DEAD BODY PER PAISA KAMAYA HE
I have listened to various opinions on this topic. The farmers bill was put forward with the best intentions. However the external forces funding this protests are extremely strong. Most important reasons why a PM would go on the backfoot #1. Meeting with Capt Amrinder in Oct where he submitted a report and there was a cross verification done on his claims regarding the increase in anti-india activities in Punjab. #2. Supreme Court has put a stay order since Jan 2021 and the recommendations put forward by the panel, no action has been taken. So honestly the bill has been dead for long. #3. I dont think that the PM would withdraw something becoz of UP or Punjab election. With or without the farm bill vaapase, BJP still has a strong hold in UP. BJP will never win anything in Punjab anyways. #4. BJP leadership must be acutely aware that repealing one bill would bring other issues to be challenged as well like CAA. I would like to understand this better in the coming days. .... no matter what I will still support Modi n Yogi unless someone can show me a better leader that him. Don't ever dare to bring Mamta or Kejri. That will be the end of Swatantra Bharat...
no farmers no food I sort to farmers
U r not telling about the rules that have already broken by tha central government, farmers are doing correctly - otherwise all the indians should buy food by giving gold....
This pure GODI MEDIA
Ravish & parkash are more than cnn, bbc indian pakistani media combined . . . Hats Off
Excellant! At last I have partly understood about the new farm bills
*   There is affordable  public transport in the form of  Rtc  & indian railways unlike stupid  accident prone JC travels,volvo& pricey garuda,indra
3) Till Now no action were taken on BJP Goons(Deep Sidhu and his Supporters) why?
Farmers are not stopped to sell APMC then why so much opposition
It is first hard for a non-influential farmer to file his complaint. Even if he does, it is not easy to get justice along with that he has to face violence & threat if he is challenging a person who is extremely powerful because of his influence on other people. 
Opposition party will do dirty politics to defame yogi govt..but UP people are not fool... Yogi will win 2022 election
Is ON in the revised name of farmers.
poor farmers lost, rich farmers won
This is major setback for Indian Agricultural sector. middelman interest prevails over poor farmer.
 Then Totally agree with farmers
This are the reason's why farmers are protecting
AAJ KAL KE TIME ME GINDGI BHAR JISNE CHORI KI ETNE TIME TAK OHH BHI AAJ GYAN DE RHE HAI KOI NHI CHAHE JITNI POWOR LGANA HAI LAGA LE MODI IS KING AND YOGI JI NEXT MP JAI SHREE RAM
Pakistan think that they are helping Taliban.. But reality is Taliban and USA are friends.. And Taliban is just following orders form USA
God has kept you alive from corona. You are doing a great job for India. Vote ki chot. No vote for bjp. Bjp will loose state governments. Indian from UK.
Farm laws are to benefit the farmers in the long run
Hard work never fails... It's really happy moment for farmers...
All the best farmers. Farmers zindhabadh.
Jai Jawan Jai Kisan  It's half victory wait and watch..
One of real analysis from India media..others know nothing about Taliban..they just have there own identity that shariyati Islam.. shariyati Islam is an whole system from individual thing to political ideology
Farmers Bill is not restricting the rights of the farmers. It is indeed helping farmers to sell their goods whom they wish to.
Now Modu must apologize to Farmers, who never ever visited his own Silent Agitating Farmers.
So kind nd so broad hearted person only He is the example of himself...India needs PM Modi non stop..and we the people also..Jaibharat Mata Jai PM modiji 
Farmers are the Heart  of India.
You laid threadbare the logic behind MSP and why it was needed then and how it has outlived its utility and how the state of Punjab is skimming off the MSP to finance its agricultural mandis and also to rear within its precincts a parasitic class of ARTHYS who too are cohorts with the Government in skimming off a portion of the MSP and pocket it for themselves. So, it is a situation of I-scratch-your-back-you-scratch-mine between the Government (of Punjab) and ARTHYAS. As you said,  the laws were in the right direction but was enacted so hurriedly as to give rise to misgivings even in the minds of the farmers who stood to benefit from it most. Arthiyas took full advantage of the apprehensions of farmers and cooked their own geese in the fire of farmer misgivings. In fact, I suggest you take a leaf from the book of Kerala, which has been most welfarist and socialist but has not mandated such mandis for the farmers. In fact, the farming in Kerala has shifted to more cash-yielding crops such as rubber,cashew etc. I suggest you do a video on the farming practices in Kerala and why there are no farmer suicides there. Suicides of farmers may be talking place but not for indebtedness incurred for cultivation. 
Thank you & solidarity to the farmers, when you win we all win! Solidarity from the Working Class of England!! I run a left wing podcast called 'Lasscast' and am interested in speaking to women involved or knowledgeable about the strikes in India. Please contact lasscast@protonmail.com if you are interested or can reccomend anyone we could speak to.
1) Did Parliament have power to pass Farmers Bills?
everyone is a gangster until the farmer start speaking english 
Sir, farmers are also not against this bill, until the promises from government are not only words in air. They just need an assurance in written that  MSP should be paid to them, and why government cannot add this point into the bill. Getting profit from privatization will be just a bluff.
Master stroke? -Massive stroke is what was  suffered by Modi's supporters including you and me! 
Is the farmers are not indians.they will.go to Delhi.jai kisan.modi moordhabad.
*Very well done Sukhbir, who spoke openly & fearlessly in Parliament in favour of farmers and Harsimrat,who tendered her resignation from union cabinet in favour of the farmers of punjab.Both have proved that the Badal family is always with the farmers.*
Which also proves that the farm law is good and -ley impacting the brokers. One more the farmers are rich ( or being funded)  and have the resources to go on protest.
Becouse of few people we should not disfame farmers, Sikhs and punjabi community.
Happy to see pm finally calling them FARMERS, his andhbhakts have called them khalistani, pakistani, naxals, ppl of opposition party , jobless ppl who come for 500rs, aandolan Jivi. Etc
*Thank you for Supporting farmers*
This was very informative. By far the  Best video I saw on farmers bill.
I am an Bsc Horticulture student and the way scoopwoop has done this Green Revolution and Farmers crises reality series Is just mind baffling.  In my 3 yrs of college education we have only glorified Green Revolution but the harsh truth is being concealed
They are not farmers they are gundas....comgressy khalistani gundas
India or any other country did not have any stake in the formation process of such terrorist groups. Because India do not support state sponsored terrorism. 
i belong to a farmer's family and i support farmers but not khalistanis
Hats off to the sprit of the lifeline of Imdoa, farmers and fsrming.
I am from Pakistan. but I am with these sikh farmers.
It's not only the defeat of Modi govt but also the defeat of IMF and WORLD BANK. Kisan Zindabad
These farmers are whether so innocents or evil mindset goons
Plzzzzzzzz don't do this like strike u all farmers r trying this B4 100yrs.... This strike plan is not working.... Just stop  farming for 3yrs. Then all problems solved guarantee
There is provision in the bill that if farmer not okay with fix the future price so farmer and contractor mutually decide before agreement fix guaranteed price and additional price which will be above fix price if market price is more than contract price at the time of delivery so simply we can say flexi price quoting option is also der
Farmers from the past 70 years have paid no taxes. Just want everything for free. It's us the middle class that needs to bear brunt of all these farmers. Now as they have been repealed. Still why protest. That means these farmers are having a lot of money. Just want protest. But dont want to pay any taxes. sad and shameful for farmers
They say bills are in favor of farmers.
all farmers are very awared and full of knowledge. And BJP says they can't understand the bills. 
Its not biggest failure of modi instead its biggest failure of farmers and win win for mediators
Literally Seeing your video related to Kisan Bills, I m filled with goosebumps . Thank you for your support
what is the demand of Farmers ? why government can't agree ?
Kisan should be alert, bjp government will try to use division tactics as BJP is very popular in doing so.
I see a ton of Supporting farmers.
Very aptly put by SG. I was waiting for SG to de-clutter it. However, I don't agree when SG says repeal was the only option left to BJP. They could have made some changes to the law and left it to the states to implement it. States where people are more entrepreneurial in nature like Gujarat, Rajasthan, Maharashtra, might have accepted this law, and Punjab, Haryana, UP could have tried this later.
It just teaches one thing that never waive  small farmers loan even if they do suicide because they are the one who supported politically backed famers
Calling them khalistanis and Pakistanis Sir. The fact is, their resilience to get this kanoon scared you. You are a hard core politician. You want to win UP and Punjab. But your arrogance and ego will ensure that you do not win these elections. Your actions and what you say do not match. By the way, speech achcha tha. Jai Hindi.
GUPTA SIR, CAN YOU EXPLAIN HOW THESE LAWS FAILED IN BIHAR??? THESE FARM BILLS WERE INTRODUCED 15 YEARS AGO AS A MODEL KILLING BIHAR COMPLETELY...
Punjab farmer will become more rich and prosperous if they carefully understand the bill like Western Countries' farmer. Farmers should be little patient instead of assuming as if MODI is some representative of Ambani/Adani. Modi is 70 year old and he doesn't need money from Ambani and Adani. Stop blaming Modi. Modi is transforming India so that farmer's generations in future can continue to be proud farmers of India with richness and wealth. Modi is bringing India at par with Western economies. Farmers are misinformed. Modi is cleaning up mess of Congress and Corruption. Modi doesn't work for any Ambani and Adani.
So when are you guys gonna talk about German Farmers.
India also not declared pakistan a terrorist state it doesn't mean that they are not. Sometimes geopolitics plays a role. If we can't declare taliban as a terrorist organisation it should be not taken as we like there policies.
Is this India pak war, why government is not finding time to have democratic discussion with farmers, do the government has any responsibility to Indian citizens
I live in MP ...if markets r destroyed in MP then why our farmers r not protesting..
Free Punjab and haryana  NZ supports
Absolutely agree with u. Small farmers are need to be cared.
Omg that's ALOT of people to feed!! Always got to have Big Business stick their noses in!!!! Hope the Farmers Prevail!
We lost near 700 farmers during this protest.... Rest in peace 
Very shameful act by farmer
All news channel are godimedia but Sandeep Singh is not only
SG is precise but govt lost chance to remove the apprehensions of farmers months back.hope they will reach a consensus
SAME HAPPEN IN WB WHEN TMC REMOVE TATA FROM SINGUR, TODAY ALL WB PEOPLE ARE FILL WHAT WRONG THEY DONE , IN FUTURE FARMER WILL FACE PROBLEM BUT THE OPPOSITION LEADER WILL INCOME IN CRRR....
Anchor madam, you are a real threat to the Sanghis in the guise of Anchors in BJP/RSS unit. Keep up your good work. Waiting for your next week episode to expose the shameless Sanghi Media. Salute to our farmers
I SUPPORT  #FARMERS #PROTEST   Your Pakistani VEER from Italy 
Afganistani socail media where is but who giving this footages about afganistan afganistani Talibani
Every sec video in youtube confused me...when i tried to know all about farmers protest....But Luckily...I got to watch this..No wrds...All i Wanted to know,  is here in this channel #SimpleNClear ...
Dear Vox, its ok if you don't want to support farmers, but please don't spread incorrect information. Look at how people are lapping up your half baked research. 
Kissan ektha zindabad, this is big failure of Modi and Shah government. Jago india jago BJP ko bagao.
Please do request them to move towards the express highway so that there won't be any disturbance for the local public from farmers side. If all farmers are protesting over the highway then you may get the complete support from the locals.
Just support farmers 
BJP was not really interested in punjab elections, but now as the latest UP opinion polls are saying that bjp is losing some ground because of farmer agitation, they now feel repealing these laws will be like killing two birds with one stone ( UP elections and Punjab elections with Amrindar as CM face)
Farmers should teach khattar a hard lesson during election with their votes.
2.There will lose the small and micro scales farmers in India.
MSP & compensation for 700 farmers 1 crore for each,
This is happening while yogi is CM & Modi id PM. You can decided the future of country.
Kudos to you brothers...farmers of India are the only ones to possess such power. We stand united with our Farmers.
These are Goons...not farmers
Actually this decision of repeal will impose only negative consequences on the actual poor farmers in the long run.
Why in the heck doesn't the Indian government just changed the law  back? If what they say is true and it's for the farmers to make more money but the farmers don't want it just get rid of it. Must be the government making more money that's why they don't want to get rid of it. Shane on the India's government for doing this to the farmers.
We support farmers 
I think farmers are satisfied with whatever they have and not like others who can't be filled even after taking hundreds of lives.
Really feeling good to see support for kisan of India 
Long Live Farmers Unity.
the excess food bought by food corporation of india from farmers gets stored and when food corporation of india runs out of spaces to store it just gets dumped . Pvt players will have more resources to manage , store , these products , even export .One of the three laws will educate the farmers about new and modern techniques and different variety of crops  .
I wanted to see all the andh bhakt faces who claims that the farmbill decision was the best and give bla bla reasons ...
Yes, i support farmers proudly 
KEJRIWAL AND THE COMPANY THE ONLY REAL HOPE FOR FUTURE GENERATIONS OF  INDIA   PUNJAB INDIA  
Thank God we have some good YouTube channels so we can clear our doubts. Indian media is good for nothing
Now officially government once more allowed Farmers to do suicide. 
These poor farmers are feeding the governments stomach, today they are being harassed and tortured by this government ..what a pity, our country is in distress.
If you really wanna know all about farm bills do watch Dr. Vikas Divyakirti Sir's  vedio on Drishti IAS instead of these so called ''intellectuals'' like him who can only give you a lopsided perspective on topics of national concern.
In the current system, corrupt govt officials take their cut from the current players in the market (buyers) by letting them buy at a certain price which is pre-decided for certain crops (the pseudo-auction system) which if you are from India, you will know to not be surprised to hear that laws are being bent. 
Even if they would have thought of repealing the 3 farm laws (hypothetically), they won't because now it shall hurt their image and ego!! Sad state of affair.
Kisi ne sahi kaha hai " chor chor mausere bhai" . Pak., China, Taliban . No one is supporting them there situation is like " Na ghar ka, Na ghat ka"
one of the bill clearly states that farmers cannot go to the court If they have any dispute with the contractor and moreover So called private market is already present in rest of the India apart from PB and HR 94% of the farmers are already not selling it to the APMC because they don't have them
The government's new farming laws were bound to rile the farmers.
By heart I am thankful to lallontop channel to standing for farmers  (truth).
Punish those involved in hurting cops ... farmers no exceptions
This is the best video on farm bill that I have seen in youtube. Good work.
How hard is it to take back those laws? About 100 farmers have DIED in the cold, they've been sitting there in the cold for 2 months and for 4 months in total (in punjab). These kind of things are bound to happen if you keep ignoring a crowd of millions of people, not all of them have the same ideology. This was wrong but these people were allowed to enter the red fort and there are videos showing cops sitting there and watching them plant the flag on the fort, and then the police started lathi charge, Obviously this was planned by none other that our country's plague (BJP).
None of the other crops other than rice and wheat are the farmers ever able to get MSP on. You can dig out and see thousand of cases by the farmers from Punjab on this...I come from a farmers family and whenever we diversify on average there is always a loss. Last year my uncle produced black dal and had to travel a 100km to sell it for just rs15 per kg when consumer get it for 10 times the price. We have tried so many pulses and had to sell them on dirt cheap prices as we don't have storage and the traders are able strong arm the farmers.
Why Asaduddin Owaisi is not arrested for his support for terror group Taliban?  Every time both Owaisi brothers speak against Indian ethical values and Hindus.
all reforms for private will come first' with benifits, continues with exploitation, ends with deaths of the poor, because Indian politics is controlled by corporates. You see the sufferings of Communist China who used their welfare ideologies to corporates . We need proper interactions and convenience the people, if they can not  believe in the speaker or doubts about the future, repeal, . But I also appreciate Narendra Modi Ji for his various initiatives. India born with protest, no army , weapons , Power stopped the Indian freedom from British. Same way once the massprotest is accepted by common people, then governing  leaders need the strategies to stop.......
@Vox you need to expand your reseach to hear voices in other states as well. India is a huge country and Punjab and Haryana are not the only states that we have. If you go to a state like Bihar you will get to know that no farmer can just choose to produce what he wants. Sounds unfathomable right but this is what the traders and mandis impose on them. They dictate what the farmers must produce and they also dictate when farmers can sell(not when the farmers want but when they want). There are not enough cold storages in other states and small farmers are always exploited by so called Mandis and traders. There are many new food processing companies coming up and they would like to procude directly from farmers, while cutting the middle man. The middle man should have been the focus of your video.
We always with farmer
Farmers will show the true feelings of every true Indian...
Only reason we are not in a emergency situation right now is because of these Farmers. Even US, Germany and China are facing food crisis right now.
Waiting to see how this plays out, full support for farm reforms and PM Modi
2) Before this ordinance also any farmer can sell his crop to any state. There ia no restrictions. Many of Haryana farmers sell their wheat in Narela Mandi....
I agree. The way bill was passed is really questionable. This is not the right way. Even if I support the bill, then also. It was really a not a good sign of parliamentary democracy.
This bill is always good for small and medium  farmers....larger farmers any how they will manage and have influence in all APMC ....with out privatisation no sector will grow ... because of  privatisation today we have many different private sector job  .....
If center government would have taken the laws back this would not have happened first of all.Secondly,this was done to malign the protest and put a black mark on the whole struggle the farmers are doing.The culprits should be arrested immediately.
Omg.... Cannot believe such orders could be given against protesting farmers or anyone else.
Government is not forcing farmers to sell to any individual they can sell as they wish.
Government should take responsibility because if farmers are not happy then it is not important that is that valuable
Listen dude if you guts to reply. In bihar APMC monopoly ended in 2006. Has situation improved in bihar. Farmers sell at half the MSP in Bihar as per facts
Such short-sighted policies will destroy Modi's credibility and knock the bottom out of BJP's vision of the country's future. Surrender to hooliganism is the surest recipe for the country's downfall.
First kick out the Khalistanis , it should be the foremost condition for talk . Most of the protesters are commission agent , who have been putting the farmers in ransom for years and now they want the same to be done with the government and Delhites .
You will lose in upcoming elections. Go back Modi G.
The laws favored Ambani Adani types, MSP is the solution for farmers being ripped off, Nitish did not discuss this for some reason. All farm leaders including Tikait are pro MSP
#NoFarmerNofood
BJP is moving day by day on naazi's footprint and impress with his ideology....  sham on modi backing this ideology
Now all rich farmer grow more rich ,nice poor farmer abb poor he rahayaga
Mulching will increase incomes by reducing costs for fertilizers and water. Mulched soil is healthier and holds water better. Farmers could share a mulching machine and it can go from farm to farm to share the cost.
A print media source is stating wrong facts by stating several states in India, it is mostly done by Haryana and Punjab farmers where the green revolution started and afmc are present, enjoying high msp and where there is law made against stubble burning.
I am muslim and I also supports my punjabi brother
Hahah i pity for indians, supported ussr backed puppet gov in afghanistan and lost,now supported usa  backed puppet government and india still lost
But there were already many private players, for example, vendors buying fresh produce as well as big companies making contracts with the vendors/farmers. Were they illegal before the farm bill?
Wow congress leader of punjab have provoked the farmers my question is why congress never took any steps on msp during their term? What will be the answer by the punjab congress government? 
This is an abject surrender to those who are near Delhi at the expense of the good of India. The present government has become a new version of the Delhi elite concerned only about 300 km radius around Delhi. The rest of India did not see any protests, and saw a lot of support by real farmers, and they have been badly let down
Movie must  be made on this farmers protest struggle
This is very sad that some farmers who doesn't want to change according to time are making you do this. Indeed time will changes them for good.
Farmers are in getting in Dehli for thier rights.
Boycott brokers which taking parts in protest by the name of farmers.
This is the worlds largest democracy in action. No other country manages over 400 million farmers in a democratic process. Hopefully better outcomes evolve over time.
I request to aaj tak being the Sr. Citizen of  BHARAT thart what is going on in the Rajya Sabha n Lok Sabha is there any right? to MP's MLA's to say any thing in unparliament language to insult our country by not giving the respect to our HON'BLE PRIME MINISTER OF INDIA and they almost Mr khadge and adhir ranjan rahul etc. aap party tukde tukde gang etc. Saying anything which they wants to say in their own miss language is it the proper way ? Who is tikait? he is taalibaani hese all are the enemies of our Nation and violating the law and orrder w
Victory of farmers is a giant victory of Indian democracy
Modifications could work. However, the complete repel of laws gives encouragement to some sections of the society whose main motto is to just oppose the government. It's useless for the sections to check whether the policies will help the poors, the downtrodden and how   can  we forget about the environmental concerns and security of India!
Govt  decides msp : A2+FL METHOD  WHILE   national  commission  on  farmers  wants it on C2
Today on 19 November we defeated the modi government. No farmers no food 
I don't know why nobody is showing the correct picture , the laws are good but the governments way is wrong, if laws are rolled back Indian farmers will completely destroy itself, we can't counter Chinese and American farmers by traditional methods we need private players for investment and innovation.
Why Congress is protesting as the bill is repealed...Congress only needs to make chaos without understanding..
Thanks News 24, for presenting the nebula of Kisan Andolan, i.e., Rakesh Tikaetji. Im sure, his vision will steer the mass towards a new future. My best regards to this great man.
Here taliban is fighting like vietnam with less equipment and Afghan is losing like usa even having more manpower and equipment than taliban,Afghan should make their country themselves independent, india should not go into this,the problem is there is no faith and braveness in Afghan soldiers, govt and citizens
When demonetization, GST and farm reforms were proposed by the Congress govt, BJP opposed them and cashed in on the issues. 
Why it is not affecting the farmers in Kerala??
 ........ it is a blunder by the Govt to assume and equate our Indian farmer as to be an American farmer/farmimg ( as an illustration),  In America,  unlike our nation/Bharat/India, there are few farmers with huge farming lands and privileged with requisite resources, education, computer tech, logistics and above all America Govt has obligatory provisions - a binding by law of subsidies to the American farmers, whereby American farmers have the built-in/inheirted capacity to act as private business themselves without any middlemen so to effectively/economically manage their produce ensuring definite profit margins  ....... .....  
The example of sugar cane private factories.... Even though the MSP is there but, sugar cane farmers are at the marsy of private factories in terms of payment of their crop... payment can be delayed upto 8 to 9 month and sugar cane take 1 year in field... So indirectly farmers receive the fruits of their hardwork in 21 months... After that much waiting, that fruit also becomes rotten because the farmer has so much debt that the money goes to repay the debts of the banks...
Govt brings Industrial policies after discussion with Industrialists in five star hotels. But acts as all powerful and omniscient while bringing farm related laws. No discussion. Treated us like something insignificant and dependent. We are participants in democracy. Listen us. Ensure enough checks and balances to make us stand before big corporate. First create job so that children of farmers can find jobs. Otherwise stop projecting yourself someone as benefactor. Pull not push. We voted for your because you did better in Gujrat and use it as a model. Now people of Punjab and Haryana have Bihar as model where APMCs were abolished. And we dont find that encouraging. We are not regressive which you are hell bend on protecting us. Just loyal to land and not want to be second class citizen under riches. Include us in law making process we will support positive reform.
the best video on farm bills.. I am sorry that I missed you for this long. Hope to see you go places.. 
Advantages of three historic farmer bill
without Msp..how would u ensure traders wont exploit farmers..
My suggestion:- I don't see any private companies who working for public. The poor farmers can't bargain and sell goods at APMC(not even in MSP). So how can farmers can bargain with private companies. According to me if there is no corruption farmers will get their cut correctly. Secondly farmers empowerment , farmers bargaining capacity that is what we needed.
Very clearly explained. An impartial  account  of the effect of the farmer's  bills.
1 - Removes limits on warehousing and hoarding; essentially letting big businessmen drive up prices. Small farmers cant warehouse, and need to sell immediately to pay for loans taken during growing.
Thanks to BBC from Bottom of Heart. This will energies Farmers against dreadfull Laws .( Ex Pharmacy Officer Moga Pb  Bharat)
i would like to say I'M nuetral here because i dont know what the farm laws are but if farmers wanna protest they can and have rights to do it, but why do they wanna attack police officers i mean they can make fun of the govt and stuff they can burn down modi's posters all that is alright but pls dont attack police officers they are only doing their job u think they wanna do all this no its their job to protect their country and thats what their doing so please sont target police offficers, i agree that some of them are mad and doin inhumane things but most of them are not doing much.
I appreciate haryana people for this seva...But again i saw a major difference between Punjabi farmers seva and haryana farmers seva...Haryana farmers are paying the daily wagers for cooking food and doing other stuff..but Punjabi's are doing voluntary seva and are not paying anyone...Just like they do voluntary seva in their Gurudwara's..so are they doing here...
The research provides very limited view of the problem. Please check how many farmers were actually able to sell crops at MSP before this law. This law takes power away from traders, who are exploiting farmers today. Whether the alternative (big corporates) will actually exploit the farmers is still just a hypothesis.
Its Sad but True. BJP got sold out for votes. Farmers lost.
Dissent is anti-national in Modi's India; I support farmers!
Kissan Ekta zindabad ..... Best of farmers
Think about it long and hard - who will now control the demand/price of products and who will control the rates for farmers?  Here's a clue: not the farmers or consumers.
Lots of Love Haryana to you from Punjab.
Farmer is god for us
One thing I dont agree is that you always seem to oppose Modis party, policy, work and his agenda and sincerity.  If I were you praise him for all the good things he is doing. Just find loopholes and play Devils Advocate or give your own value-added content to whatever he or BJP is sincerely working on.
For those who say kisaans are anti nationalist and disrespecting national flag , u might have not seen that the quantity of tirangas and Kisaan union flags were almost similar in protest , most of tractors had tricolour on them
Pakistan is gloating. It is gloating over what it sees as the defeat of the U. S. and India as well. Pakistan needs to remember that Afghanistan is only a skirmish. The real fight with Pakistan will be on the global stage.
Now turn for real farmers. They will handle mandi looters
Down to this pathetic system against Farmers...
MSP may be used by less percentage of farmers , but it gives guarantee to the farmer that his produce will be buyed at a certain price , which is needed for most of the farmers below poverty line .
He is giving one sided view. Not discussing benefits and constraints of the Farm Bills.
its result of brutally imposed wrong polocies on Farmers.
Prosecute the Kisan leaders along with the Nihang perpetrators for this killing similar to Taliban.
Power of farmer
India has 600 million farmers.
The aspect of losing makes losers humble. 4yrs of oppression and relief in last year has been very old pattern in politics in general. Salute to the farmers. Time will tell if this victory is complete or incomplete.
In solidarity with our farmers.
BJP fail to reconsider and not accepting any suggestions from farmers. Modi government thinking can do anything because they got more parliamentarians. Democracy forgotten we reminded them that's all nothing personal.
This protest was for the Arihants who were the via media for the farmers who made their money making networks for themselves and actually made Cartels to squeeze the farmer. God help them. Only Punjab will have Mandis the rest of the state's will move on.
Where was corona protocol in BJP'S rally during Bengal elections. 
Let's hope the so called farmers may leave the Delhi boarders
Amrullah Saleh will be declared Terrorist soon, and Taliban's as sons of the soil who fought for their freedom. This will encourage other terrorist organisations to do the same.
I think what was a real protest now has became more like a political war between centre and farmers union, this makes the real reason faded and get dissolved in politics , I really hope farmers get their demands and centre might actually listen to them, but modi called these people andolan jevi , is he to dumb to understand that his ignorance and dumb logic of his bhakts are making things worse. Just my opinion
These laws are optional n that's the end of the debate. Govt is already agreeing to have the demanded ammendment but few are protesting as farmers to totally scrap this pro farmers laws
I am also from India. The farmers are protesting to protect their right
We are with farmers, and every Indian
Farmers win's  because they have help to each other
I am ashamed of our indian media...
I was right. As small business and farmer I support farmers bill.  In my village not a single farmer went for protest. Farmers won't loss anything but common consumer may suffer slightly.
What if farmer is unable to transport its good to factories directly.
farmers in india are facing bigger problems than this
In Modi-Yogi we trust.
Farmers are already going to different mandis/cities to sell their produce. They are not restricted to just one mandi. The farmers are themselves saying that they are already in a way free to sell their produce across different mandis. However, many small farmers do not have the resources to sell their produce across the country.
Once in Singur West Bengal same kind of huge protest has been organized by the farmers against TATA company for establishing their automobile company in singur. Farmers won the battle making TATA leave Bengal after 5 years later no major company is ready to establish their company in Bengal and now Bengal became the 3rd largest exporter of skilled and non-skilled labor to western and southern states.
Why comment section on modi ji video is disabled
Farmers land belong to corporate. Jamakhori is legal now.
IN MY VIEW WE USED TO STUDY THAT ONCE A TIME THERE LIVED TIGERS,LIONS .NOW YOUNGER GENERATIONS WILL STUDY ABOUT ONCE UPON A TIME THERE WERE FARMERS IN INDIA
All of terrorists no one treu kisan...
I support punjab farmers. In india villages are more required den cities. Respect farmers...
The new laws are very farmer friendly. Only the rich farmers are protesting. Almost all the poor farmers are in support of the new laws
Long live the farmers march.
So sad to see our farmers are treated like this 
How wrong it was! At one side India shouting we are democratic ones & on the other side this!! It's totally injustice going on with democracy. I totally agree, it was wrong happened. There is totally lack of free & fair elections then how could one say that nation is still maintaining it's democracy?
Earlier EIA now Farmer bills
I wonder why dont bbc contact their representative in Pakistan  instead of India  we know the real talk. I doubt you too bbc
Shame on Taliban kind of rule in India
Just to correct you with the fact ,farmers doesn't pay the tax in APMC mandi ,its to be paid by the buyer  .
Allow other parts of country to test this farm bill which has nothing to lose at this point.
It's QED from the farmers !  Goes to prove the strength of unity and  might is right. 
Kudos to the peaceful n successful farmers' movement.God Bless All. Jai Jawan,Jai Kisan,Jai Hind.
Ravish Kumaar the only one journalist whom I love the most in India.....even if I am a muslim.
Good news, God bless MP modi   happy for the farmers
Compared with other Products So they decided to fix that Product every Farmer try to Seedling that Product-A
Please send this Taliban supporters to afgan.. Why Indian soil for them
This is not Indian Farmer ....modi virodh only
The bills don't force the farmers to change track. They only give more options. You can choose an option or not is your choice. The real problem of the protesting farmers is that, they used to go buy the produce at much lower cost from Bihar and sell it at MSP as their own produce. Now the MSP will be linked to land records. So these farmers can't cheat other farmers and will get their share of the MSP benefits. Of course these farmers are protesting. Punjab has become a hub for drugs, Christian conversions and Anti India activities. These are being bred by Foreign hands to destabilize India. Today the water table in Punjab has sunk very low. Where you could often see Atician wells, they have disappeared. To grow rice you need a certain amount of rainfall. Punjab is much below that. Greed of a few is killing them. The protest is totally WRONG. Sadly the money is coming from opposition, foreign lands that want to destabilize India, And Psudo Sikhs who want to form Khalistan and are being used by Islam against India. Anyone supporting them are knowing or unknowingly behaving in an anti National way.
Modi categorically said " farm laws were for the benefit of farmers & repealing them for national interest " he must have some security information
godi media channels worst media ..... keep it up news laundry you guys are really good .
Wow India's most educated leader owesi Sahab zindabad 
Up and punjab mai election aane waale hai
Sir you are right. Khalistan ke liye soft influencing pehle se hi hi rahe thi. I am from Punjab and can say jo Local Punjabi media hai uska isme bohot bada role hai. Hindus in Punjab majorly simp on sikhs. Punjabi Hindu is a lost identity. Kartarpur corridor is also a very big blunder. Khalistan terror will unfold in the  next 4-5 years in one way or the other
Every citizen of India must watch the Rajya sabha video of passing these bills.
Punjab hariyana gets more schemes for farmer then why doing this natak etc
Very Good.  Great  Rakesh Tikait Ji
It is big loss of farmers
There is a difference between liberalizing the APMC act and completing abolishing rights of farmers-your argument about UPA bringing changes is BS
Dhawan Sir,with all due respect, it is very sad to see you not mentioning the price what the farmers paid for this repeal. 1 year long( i.e 360 days almost just think of it sir,360!) , Around 700 farmer's died(some committed suicide leaving behind a suicide note hoping there step may persuade the government about the protest).. 700 farmers sir,700! Summers,winters,harsh rain,Police brutality,Water cannon,tear gases and what not??????!
These are not farmers they are miscreants . What they did on 26 January was extreme example of that
Thanks jatta  u really helped to raise voice of farmers.
Next year there are elections in Uttar Pradesh and there opinion polls are coming down. That is why they repealed the laws. It is only UP elections which bow them down.
Unless, MODI ji & Shah have ulterior motive behind these laws.
Stay strong, farmers!
We support BJP..
Millions of farmers are protesting .
Farmers of Punjab get free water and electricity at the cost of taxpayers. If you're not a farmer, the cost of electricity in Punjab is the highest in the country. High electricity costs mean that no company will set up a modern industry in Punjab.
Now farm bills - defeat
-> fear of losing farmers support
If ur a small scale farmer means, u make one small group and bid with merchendiser, company's or a middleman.
Fearful Modicracy before UP election
13. On April 2021, Indian central government said that they will pay the purchased price of rice and wheat by food coorporation of
Sir but small farmers where MSP is a one type of cancer, and milk are also given MSP on kg but fat calculation is also consider sir. 
All are highly recommended farmers having much more money can do anything, not a small farmers nearly 70% are appreciated this type of gathering because they are getting their money in time.
Congress Ke sajis Hai - 200 Farmers Sit on protest .
One draw back is politicians will loose commission income which they used to loot from poor farmers for the last 70 years and their cartel can not decide the selling price of any produce of farmers. No doubt, State Govt will loose 10% mandi tax levied on poor farmers but State Govt can easily make up for the above losses by increasing the tax  on liquor/ cigarettes,etc or by curtailing the free bees given to rich people like free scooters given to working women, free laptops given to students of rich people, free rations given to Govt employees / tax payers, free Deepavali and Pongal gifts given to affluent families, levying 10% tax on donations received by trusts owned and operated by politicians, levying 10% cess on pension money received by politicians, like MLA, MP, Municipal councillors,etc., ( as the donations received by any political party and the pensions received by MLA,MP, Councillor, etc., are exempted from income tax, State Govt can levy just 10% cess to compensate the loss caused due to forecasted reduction in revenue on mandi tax) etc.,
And aj BHI contract farming Hoti hai. Punjab mein. Hum lays to potatoes sell karte hai. But in new bills mein farmer court Nahi ja Sakta in case of any dispute.
If anybody wants to know more about the farm bills go to the print YouTube channel. Their Mr.Sekhar Gupta is explaining it clearly. Mr Sekhar Gupta is an impartial journalist and UPA government had given him Padma Bhushan also.
16:05 ek varg nahi pura desh khush hai , except godi media prime time anchors and some BJP ministers and their Andhbhakts 
Apologize to all the farmers of India and dont try such mischief again. Remember farmers are the people who produce food for all people of India. Now compensate the families who have lost their loved ones (700 deaths)
Punjab congress party government provoking and fueling the farmers protest...
What ever the flag means they have no right to take down tri colour... Farmers are hampering their won reputation by doing this
Oye CONGRESS  aur BJP CHODO  can you just be with the farmers and be a true Indian media
I respect farmers finally pm  accepted their demand... Jai jawan jai kisan
Thanks Dear Sister for your belive in sikh community and your support to kisan andolan, people like you who supports this andolan by hearts are true children of Bharat Mata. Jai Hind.
However you discussed only flaws of various APMC Acts and existing practices, not how new Bills will resolve these issues (except few). You didn't discussed about new bill for agreement between farmers and sponsors, how the disputes among them will be resolved, what will be the power of courts in this regard,    what if SDM is unbiased or his decision otherwise prejudice to farmers, what if produce will not match quality,grade standards, criteria (inspection will be done by sponsor and they can reject). The price can be varied and corporates are smarter than innocent farmers, and they may take undue advantage of section 5. Bargaining power of big corporates may induce individual farmers to sell their produce at lower price, no other central law prohibits it. Corporates can now stock huge in their cold storage and sell later at higher price.
A simple solution to solve the problem for grain storage would be that farmers can form their own regional cooperative like amul. It will reduce the financial burden on the government and at the same time empower the farmer. The concept of MSP on all crops is not feasible. It will increase the fiscal burden on the government.
Poor farmers giving everything
7) All contracts between farmers and companies or consumers must provide compulsory insurance against any misstatement or fraud.
Farmers always win.
If violent mob attacks you, what one will do, garland them. These are not farmers, these are there to just create violent situation
60% of Indian population is in farming so around 800m ppl are farmers but only one state has problem where opposition party formed the govt. 
It's not all about selling the produced commodity but how poor people going to buy it when the price go skyhigh
From this video to your analysis in the dumb questions to farmers video, your growth in understanding this topic is historic.
If government is really concerned about farmer then why the not mention msp
Shall we trust BJP Govt. headed by Mr Modi until and unless the Bill be place in both houses of Parliament? Is it Modi government compensate the lost of the farmers for a year long agitations?
These laws were enforced in Bihar in 2006 and the owner of 5 acres/2 hectares in Bihar (Indian province) come to Punjab and Haryana (Indian agrarian provinces) to work as a farm labor because the MSP is not given the state since the laws were enforced. Rupees 1,800 is the MSP for rice, which is given in Punjab and Haryana but the corporates give them a mere rupees 800 price because they are exploiting the laws.
Farms Law Is Good For Ambani And Adani They Want To Capture 700 Billion Dollars Food Market Yearly. This Three Laws Rename Ambani Adani Welfare Laws
Only Sikhs r farmers?
Please let us know what is the situation of the farmers in countries where such policy has been already in practice. Are they rich/indebted/poor ?
So the farmers can get a Saficient deal for there hard work.
Surely Farm bill need to review in farvour of Indian farmers.
1971 us neh naval task force bhejiti India per attack krnike liye Pakistan ke support ke liye tbhi Russian nuclear fleet ne unhe bay of Bengal main rokatha agr voh ny rokte toh ham war har jateh. Yeh asliyat hein US ki US matlab ke liye use kr raha hein India ko. Soon US wil fuel a India China war and sit and watch two superpowers destroy each other same was done with Iran Iraq in 1980.
Indian farmers proved India indeed a vibrant democracy. Chinese are jealous 
In conclusion she said ki these laws were for the benefits of farmers but they didn't want to understand this and just violently protested .
Even after this if Andhbhakt will defend BJP then u guys really shouldn't call urself Indian.
New India started.. we should be divided now because of BJP cheap RSS
there must be a instructions form top come what may roll on farmers
Farm Bill#1 - beginning of exploitation by farmers - what makes you think Govt is to be trusted; this is govt which showed dream of bullet train and started selling India railways; private companies have been approved run trains & set fares; rly stations have gone private; platform ticket is Rs50 in name of COVID-19; check internet for yourself
Taliban wow india hhhhhha. it's time for play back my dear Papa
The Laws were meant to benefit the farmers by destroying the power of wholesale mafia. But the benefits have not been understood by the farmers.
More than 700 farmers have died till now. It's such a shame.
Different face i see i trust farmers but some others create violence stop pls  
With due respect to your detailed analysis on the retreat of farm law... pls note law which was proposed was for entire nation and it was affecting all the farmers in this nation...farmers from Punjab,haryana, up are struggling even today for this law to be taken back officially not only PM statement in TV. In your analysis you forgot to say about retreat shows the strength this union of all the farmers in the country who are also majority voters......
He is the pride of Bangladesh a true friend of Bangladeshi farmers.
Don't you have any shame Ravish Kumar? You also know that these bills are pro farmers and pro development.
Even government fire to the Kisan they don't afraid because we're Punjabi tell  to modi
I'm a farmer and i know that each of these bill will eventually help farmers whether big or small and for those who think why farmers are protesting ,its all politics. just like anti caa and cab.
This people who are protesting even don't know what is amended farmer bill
Sikhs will always regret rejecting the offer made by the British to get their independence by making West Punjab their own home of Khalistan.
4. Sir, i am not well aware of Farm laws. Yes, i believe that MSP may increase food subsidy. But indirect removal of MSP through Farm laws is not in the interest of farmers future. Government did not included MSP in farm laws. He only ensure guaranteed price which is governed by private trader and farmer. And we well aware the farmers were not afford negotiations with such big players. Government says, MSP is administrative matter not a legesative. In my opinion government must ensure MSP to the farmers in written form for safeguarding the interest of farmers. 
I have come across many comments saying the farmers are with luxury vehicles there for they are fake. 
Taliban to India: We'll exterminate you frm this planet
Actually the three farm laws was to kill small farmers anyone can buy the crops without proper system, because of mass production of crops private buyers would not give good prices and if any one is not paying after buying the crops farmers could not go court they can only go to district officers but due to corruption district officers would not listen to farmers. Farmers dont have storage systems in India due to which they cannot regulate market. The market would be regulated by big corporations and they would decide the sell and buy prices. Hundreds of farmers died at protest but govt did nothing. It is not democracy not BJP is doing it only for votes. The farm laws was just for business and corporations they would have crushed the middle snd small farmers. In India 70% of people are dependent on farming but the government did understand. Government told that they are not farmers they are terrorists. Is it good for a Prime Minister to say these words for Farmers and see now how he changed his views. He is the worst PM.
Sir what about the mandi tax which a licensed trader has to pay in an APMC, wont neo-liberalism attract more private traders beacuse they wont have to pay this tax in an APMC, thus catering towards the downfall of APMCs.  So now farmers will still have the MSP but there chances of selling at a profit at APMC will reduce, but before these ordinances they had a safety net of MSP while also a chance of making good profits. Now because private traders will move out farmers cannot be certain of getting that MSP. I just had a this small doubt
Ndtv is the only channel who talked in the favour of farmers.
We need a strick MSP laws and MSP is Farmers right.
Though I don't agree with Shekhar Gupta on many issues, still I agree that BJP must not alienate Sikhs to win. Even if farm laws are right, they must try to end the crisis without further delay and in such a manner that Sikhs do not feel cheated. If they are nationalists, they must be able to see the repercussions in the long run.
If it was done by any Congress leader it would have been arrested by now.... But since it is done by BJP things going in different way...... media is not at all in line
Modi should be thrown out of power immediately.
Farmers please:-
Modis downfall now started.... Farmers say paanga maat lena nahi to na ho jayega.....iskey baad MSP guarantee bill will be passed... Paar vote nahi milega 
Who needs a spokesperson when you have media channel like India today supporting them. 
Republic day happens ever year. Its a show of our military strength. Now our brother farmers want to show their love for this country which denied all these years. So nothing wrong in showing the tractor rally which reflects the soul of thus country not arms but tractors.
Ravish the Mahapanchayat  was,  mark my words a day history of this country will remember when we look back in the history of India. Naturally the historians who are writing the present day will try to write otherwise. The farmers have given the message loud and clear and even if for graceful exit if not for politics the government should pay attention to their demands. If not,  Vinashkale Viparit Buddhi will be so apt and fitting a proverb.
This step is not in interest of majority of Farmers in long run.. No govoerment further will dare to agri-reforms. Poor farmars will pay the cost.
Isn't it funny to see Ex CM of Punjab Capt. Amrinder Ji raising the security concerns now? When he was CM what was he doing then? Wasn't  Security of the state  his duty? Why didn't he ensure that Punjab's borders with the enemy nation Pakistan was under proper surveillance with the help of Central agencies? All this dramabazi is to fool the people and score brownie points before the upcoming elections....
Sir with due respect what you explain that are at for good for ideal condition. I am giving one example what you explain considering Bihar. In UP sugarcane is most common products apart from government purchase its private prices are almost half with Same day payment not 10% less while you discussed the case of  Rs 1600/ 100kg for Bihar for commn wheat. The main draw back of agriculture is storage and safety I mean the self life of commodity is lesser than any of products.
Govt. Should strengthen APMCs so that every farmer get the benefit. Otherwise it will remain as a political gimmick.
First private companies gonna give higher rates for few years so then no one will sell to msp so basically msp gonna finish in few years, then these big corporations will not have any competition. Then they will play with farmers they will decide their price, farmers will not have any option than selling their crops on lowest price. Only Punjab and Haryana has msp system and farmers of Punjab and harayana has highest income in this country. If msp is working for us then y we should change it?? Other states of India already has open market and whats going on there?? How rich r farmers getting there? Bihar and up already has this option but people from these states r coming to Punjab and Haryana for labour jobs.
Good that farmers delivered justice on the spot by eliminating these goons. More power to Kisaan 
Well done farmers. You can pick up from the language used by this reporter that she is a Modi supporter.
LAKH LAHNAT A MODI TAI, DUR PHITE MUH DELHI SARKAR
Give them free visas to Afghanistan. Lazy kissan we do not need here, we have enough hard working farmers here. Because of these termite our hard working farmers are not respected and they ate up all the farmers profit from sale. I knew very well even free or subsidy manure and seed from govt will be sold at higher rate to the poor farmer. I hope hell waiting for all those fake farmer all over the country
Routes was decided ok i agree there was  some  worng persons. Then why police had block decided routes . I am not agree  with farmers who go to red fort . Then why police block decided routes
To understand farmers problems, you dogs should not be fed for one week.
Delhi government should seize the tractors and sell them to reimburse for the loss/damage of governement and public places and things #YogiModel #UP
They are definitely not farmers
Why the Indian leaders  are supporting Taliban . 
Why aren't other farmers from other states (except Punjab and Haryana) protesting....and why the REASON for how bill affects such farmers is being presented CLEARLY....
Jai kisan jai zawan Yogi ji will become again CM of up sure because he is honest i trust him
Very well explained; shouldnt the demand of farmers to be met ; and modi and Bjp  group can take some lesson from this reporter.
For sure some of them provoked those farmers to lay down on road while cars were crossing or pushed them
Can you satisfy one farmer?. Why are you lying sir. Farmers are educated now. They will not listen you.
I can understand your disappointment/ disagreement with PM on repealing of farm laws, but all these theories about electoral gains and winning elections at the cost of people nation is way too harsh without any substance. I still feel he has a better perspective about everything since he's occupying the chair not you and me so instead of giving a knee jerk reaction, wait and watch.
They will implement open market.. only a few plYers having biggest warehouse and cold storage facilities will become top bidders.. (u can guess who ). They will determine price.. naturally who can compete with a giant.. noone.. they will determine a price. This retail giants..ordinary consumer will pay.. like petrol and diesel after right to determine price was shifted to companies.
Repealing farm laws is the very fear which is sensed by political parties in North India.
Congratulations Farmers of Punjab, You are indeed stainless steel
 as per Arnab congress and opposition using the farm law to get vote bank. Modi ne farm law withdraw karke unka game khatam kar dia.  Kuch v     aage up election he wo nhi dikh rha arnab ko. 
He is not worth of this limelight but some Pappu Khan media House giving undue attention to tikat. Tv 9 is one of paid media House
Never has there been a leader more patriotic than Modiji, sad that he has been forced to give in to people who are funded and controlled by the enemies of India.
#Nofarmers 
No March of farmers. But unmanaged crowd.
Support farmers. Boycott reliance jio and other ambani adani products
Everyone is like they are khalistani......do ya even know the history of Sikhs????n dont fuckin say that they want to divide India coz that's what RSS want.....n if uh can stop then do it...otherwise dont say that they did this or that
Good  luck farmers  from the uk , the birds nest  comparison struck a chord .    namaste
Farmers is very important 
So happy that the farmers won and gave a big middle finger to the Modi Government.....
Did you forget to mention that Greeta tweeted a toolkit which supported Khalistan considered to be terrorist in India ??
Reforms to be held but in accurate perspective. These laws failed in big economies in the world. Now Europe have made another law no one can buy crops lower than created price than India also have to bring the msp law reform and it can bring independence in farming sector.
Farmers are our last hope now
4:20- 4:55. wow. So from here on out , your whole argument is only about the surplus crops a farmer has after he has sold his main crop at a previously decided price to a corporate. How much is that surplus? 1%, 2%, 5%? How much is it? This is us heading into conjecture territory now. Surplus only. He won't be able to sell the surplus for the MSP which will lead to a fall of overall prices and the farmers will lose negotiating power because of that surplus crop that in this hypothetical scenario could not be sold? Kuch sense hui is baat ki? 10% maan liya surplus.  10% crop will cause remaining 90% crop value to crash? Are you serious ? and for comparison this already has happened in milk, poultry, fish and they all do better than cereals and sugarcane, which are the main beneficiaries of MSP and untold subsidies upto the tune of 1.22 lakhs per family in Punjab. Why has it not happened there?   Hum khote hain kya?(Jab we met style). Chao aage badho. Aur gyaan de hi do aaj
The best thing in this protest Haryana wale & punjab wale unite together .this is our culture we live together & stay together jai jawan jai kisan
We should come to street in support of farm laws 
I mean everyone credits the sikh farmers for repealing these laws but let's not forget the Jats who were equally vocal against these laws and jats were the main vote bank for the BJP. This is just vote bank politics by the BJP
So happy for our farmers. The first step to a big victory accomplished. Kudos to their brave resilience. And also true respect from the heart to our farmers who died protesting the 3 controversial laws. Salute to them. Kisan ekta zindabad 
Jai Farmers.
GOVT GOVERNMENT  BJP only responsible why not take BILLS totally revoked why this happened because of  ruling government wanted everything has to done then only GOVERNMENT attack action against farmer's protest 
Congress having allowed a dynasty to enjoy power without accountability even to the party is paying the price. Let congressmen come out the dynasty's trap. The only way congress can be resurrected is to dump the dynasty, and serve as a constructive opposition irrespective of what BJP did when it was in the opposition . This is their moral responsibility especially when they enjoyed dynastic power for 70 years.
Indians have little work to do ; so they all do politics!  This talk is also obsessed with political fallout of annulling the farm laws- rather than the long term consequences on Indian agricultures future & modernization of  farming practices. How will Indian agriculture-produce be competitive on global scale ??
pls help farmers .  this  video must be in trend everywhere such as  jee exams
Great work vice media  , you should cover also from India where protest happen.  Tomorrow is the big day for farmers, they are planning tractor rally. I support farmers!
Farmers Are Soul Of Our Nation They're Poor But They're Not Alone Every Indian Are With Them
Sir - You quoted macca need to be grown - Do you know at what price macca (maize) was sold in Haryana? Farmers got peanuts. Please share agricultural data of Gujarat as we have free market there for farmers. Lets give balanced view.
Agriculture law bnona state list de under h ...fr centre govt . koi v law kiwe bna skdi h ..eh sida sida indian constitution nu challenge krna hoea ...j centre govt constitution follow nhi krde pya...fr o aam loka toh ki umeed krde ne...and j govt eni hi sahi ae....fr o farmers di gal sun lain...centre governmnt nu darr kis gl de h..
More then three lakh tractors sir,, jai kisan jai jawan
Also many of these protestors are mandi owners rather than farmers themselves.. i feel these reforms makes farming competitive, if we address few of the shortcoming.. MSP existance is one of them..
The closure of Indian terrorist organizations(Indian consulates)in Afghanistan is the most happiest moment 
So whome u want to win..?? AKHILESH YADAV..?? Dont talk rubbish when there is no good competitor left in Indian who can statnd as a strong opposition party...! Don't make assumption....
6:40 , If the contract has already been done then why would changes in prices affect farmers ??
They won to keep the farmers and theie lives like same as 70 years they are living
Opposition parties had found a tool to obstruct Modiji, that was jhoota Tikait and his farji kisan andolan. They funded Tikait. Khalistan forces too thought to disrupt India and made Tikait their mohra.. Tikait announced  nakkal sab ka utarunga.
The day democracy constitution and farmers wrote history
I support our farmer. Shame modi government
NOT CORPORATES CONTROLLED BANKS SO THAT THEY CAN GIVE LOW INTEREST TO THEMSELVES AND LOOT PUBLIC MONEY AS LIKE NOW GOVT INTRODUCED THIS STUPID LAW  RECENTLY IN ADDITION TO MINDLESS DRACONIAN FARM BILLS!!!!
Now I support new farm laws
The same trick will work for price hike , if BJP losses UP , u'll suddenly see a SHEER DECLINE in the fuel prices
Rajdeep go to site & capture all the pictures, & telecast without bias. Farmers are across the Country , it is not only Punjab & Haryana. Bloddy these two states only grow paddy & wheat & get all subsidy ,
Farmers are backbone of India but the real farmers are in farm land
Bjp is one of the nationality party, always think about pepole and country,we believe you modi ji 
Election ab Taliban k naam pr hoga modiji to bht khush hoge
56" shrinking..... Khalistanis , parasites , anti-nationals have finally succeeded but at a price. More than 900 lives lost, economy , man hour lost, the hardships, water cannons, barricades, roadblocks, ....... perhaps the Honourable PM could have directly talked. But he , the ' Choukidar ' chose the birth centenary of Gurunanak ji, with the elections round the corner. To say sorry in a very meek & weak voice . Sad for the nation that it's farmers had to go through such tumultuous situations & atlast hear that the Honorable PM , almost unreachable till now say , he's sorry. The Honorable PM must feel sorry for the Demonisation because he or his Government or party would like to forget about the monumental disaster & the sufferings of almost all the citizens of this great nation. Mr. PM , you have say sorry for great many wrong doings. Alas you have started with one & many more are likely to follow. As a common man it's a great feeling...... A feeling that  Democracy is strong & power is afraid of losing power. Long live India , Jai Hind.
Excellent Video on Farm Bills.. Stupendous Effort.. Well Done 
DON'T REPEAL FARM LAWS 
This analytical approach, detailing the merits and demerits of the 3 Agri laws need to be published in all languages of States in India, so as to do away with apprehensions by the farming community.
If the laws were so pro farmer, why is he withdrawing them now?
Me Congress ka support nhi Hung or dave k sath bol rha Hung agriculture Bill bhut hi khatarnak hai farmers k liye..
Kudos to NDTV for covering most part of huge farmers rally, when godi media was busy is showing Taliban and Afghanistan. Kisan unity Zindabad.
RIP Small & poor Farmers
Here comes the spokesman for Taliban in India
My sympathy and support with indian farmers and farmers all around the world ... From Pakistan
We can see only Punjab farmers since 2 months of protest ?? Why ist so ? Its hijacked from Khalistan protestors.
Modi is weak.  I want to against Punjab farmers is mad.
Correction bro only 30 farm union are supporting not 400.
Similarly the entire price control mechanism has been managed by these middlemen class who mostly form the working base of political parties & hooligans & people with larger syndicates around them. They are the one who get the licenseses from the government, & control everything regarding the price & hoarding. I'll bet its them who have put this restriction on onion export so that local market price can be controlled & they're also controlling the unions those who put up these colourful protests everywhere. & you know the people who're facing the blowbacks? Its the farmers, majority of our farmers who are effected directly by this would come out & actually support this bill. If the food supply chain  has to be freed from the middlemen's palm then introducing free market is the best & only option for us. Our middleclass hypocrisy should end somewhere.
#solidaritywithIndianfarmers.
Why does the Government want the three Farm Bills to remain and also the Minimum Support Price (MSP). 
Q:  Why were Farm Laws  REPEALED?
modi ji pllzz try to send those farmers  to their home who lost their lives just because of yoyr ego... their families are waiting to welcome them
thanku   samdish......we with farmer...
Modiji applied new reforms in Bihar , check the results over there and see farmers conditions .
Jai hind jai bharat. Vandey matram... .  Change is the law of nature... This is the protest of arthias not the farmers. 
Farmers' revolution will be a success. Long live farmers' agitation.
congress and other party knows rule very well what she converted wants to meet their families at this crucial time when government wants to control that area is supporting your government makes you stupid at this time also  then i would like to vote bjp once again
channel every farmers says the law should 
        As for the Central government perception this act may root out all the concerns of the Indian Farmers  and I wish good luck. But my concern is on the execution strength of the governments especially central government. Because the reforms taken by the Modi government are become curse to the people of India in every aspect. For example the note ban taken by the government become grave to the small scale industries even after completion of 4 years the bad impact of that decision is not come down. Due to that decision the unemployment rate reach to mountain level in our country. The same thing in the matter of GST also. Our Constitution always taking about decentralisation of everything. But due to GST in the financial matters the central government become iron hand and now the states become minority share holders in the financial spectram of our country. The same thing happened in Lockdown issue also. We are all feel to be shame after watching such painful visuals of Migrant people. Here my question and concern is that whether central government creat any platform to perform this act without mistkes. if this act become one more failure act India will witness very painful situvation. Before making these kind of laws the Center go to one piolet project in particular state and find out the result and make any correction which are needed to implement all over country. With out having any ground work they think to implement is never be good.. Because the strength of this government is not up to mark in implementing of these kind of acts. Most of Indians face bitter experience due to acts of this central government.
I m concerned that media and these liberals are dragging India back to the dark times of Congress rule. It sad to see indian will never become like united states or west where they embrace meritocracy, capitalism and lower corruption. Looks like India is going back to Congress rule and back to the 2000s era policies and politics of dynasty rule and nepotism. Thank you media and delusional liberals. Thank you.
Last year Tamil farmers went to Delhi and protested for months together. Nothing happened.... I expect same for Punjabi farmers. Why? Because if Modi government gives in, then it's a sign of weakness and BJP can't afford this
Pathetic ''apology'' by Modi, he basically says i'm sorry you farmers are too dumb to understand, we know better what's good for you then you would know yourself. 
Thanks for your social media support regarding Indian Farmer's...need more from everyone
This is exactly what we are telling our Muslim brothers and sisters of Indian subcontinent ( including Pakistan)  since that time when  Turks and Arabs made them slaves of their culture ! 
Why these Laws were working in kerela? Why farmers not protesting for the same laws in kerela?
India PM Modi is not good PM for Indian people because always BJP party Black act make through pass India parliament
There are Thousands of  Tractors and millions of  Farmers  protesting on the borders of Capital of India " New Delhi". Dear World,  it's  the Longest March in the history of Planet Earth by farmers for roll back of three laws imposed on them by present  "Government of India". Please Support Us, as the "Farmers Produces" are daily  three times on your Dining  Tables. Indian Media is paid by Agencies and are fabricating the protest. Support Us, in writing the "Most Beautiful Chapter in the History of this Planet Earth". 
Shekhar sir, I respect your view... But I don't wanna get in any debate, just answer 1 question. THE ESSENTIAL COMMODITIES ACT has no stock limit. Do you see a loophole here or not? Stocking, and when the prices go up, Sell. PLEASE DON'T ACT LIKE KEJRIWAL BY BEING SOFT ON BJP.
Farm bill was absolutely good.
If handful of people have opposed farmer law, what happened to rest of the farmers? either they are not aware or dont care. If they dont care about themselves, what bothers to the govt. leave it. so many people died? why? no protection, no law? i had minimum 5K people roaming around me, if atleast 1 person was taking care of 1 farmer, they would have been alive today. I dont know why this party donno how to protect their own people, instead of wasting their energy and time on people like me. Im neither a farmer, nor in defense, nor in politics . Prime Minister apologizing!!!!, is he weak or congress is strong?
Thank u sir for this wonderful lecture ,clearing all the doubts related to this farms bill.
Such disappointing design will boost moral of such groups running parallel govt. and they will interfere in designs of democratically elected govt. Still love you Modiji. If Modi government stepped back then believe me no one will try to revolutionize agriculture. Sorry to say but we don't deserve to be super power.
Literally  I cried alot after  listening the farmers situation,I felt the pain what they bore...may Almighty  Allah  bless all of them,whom fought for the right."..All the righteous  people,we love you"...
I know because my father is farmer. He is also joined this process.
Why whole India has to bear the loss of farm laws for one single state. Farmers from rest of country Kerala Karnataka UP Bihar West Bengal Andhra Pradesh  *supports* the *farm laws* because it'd help them sell their crop directly to market but these *greedy punjab farmers* (actually they are more *buyer and seller* ) want continue to *loot farmers of whole country* .
you guys literally should have some shame reporting this..those are not farmers ..farmers are given Permission for tractor ralley with a agreed route map and they broken into redfort and hoisted khalistani flag removing tricolour ..now u say it religious  flag
shame on you government. Farmers are fighting for their rights. Farmers are honest loyal
We all with farmers
Secondly These Sikhs have at least one relative in Military there are more important issues Indian Government to deal with other than Farmers Protest. Modis decision is wise and correct 
Do wrong and show off that I did right. What a scam.  Many people died. Lots of wealth damaged. Nice modi Ji 
Around the World Ek Hojay to Chain Taliban aur Pakishan Control Karshaky
Passing any rule, bill, or any decision can't be done by 1 person only. So please stop abusing and criticizing Modi ji.....
Bro you are but also make video at that attack which was done by R. S. S people and bjp members on farmers in that attack police is also helping R. S. S people . Thnku 
Pl vote for bjp in upcoming elections 
As son of a Farmer, I am asking one question to Congress and other parties.  If our Farmer markets were working well, why many farmer suicides?  Why farmer community is the poorest? Why price at farmer and at the market is 3 to 4  times difference, most of the times?
Hope government will do something step by step to improve the livelihood of farmers.
Should keep going .. farmer don't starve .. you do..
The Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Bill does not give any statutory backing to MSP.
You should also say that in 2014, BJP said they will give atleast 50% more MSP if they come into power. It's been 6 years now, still nothing...and now this bill. BJP always lies. #istandwithfarmers
*If Taliban wants to rule Afghanistan following IRAN, Taliban must be educated enough to understand that Taliban Mullah are far far behind the Iranian Mullah in intellectual, thoughts, viewpoints, tolerance and above all mentalities* . _Without election if Taliban wants to rule by force in the name of Islam and Quran, the situation will not be better than before_
It is defeat of small scale farmers....
I am with farmers....
Please support farmers 
Although it doesn't legitimise the violence happened from the farmers side
I just want all the people hating on them before and still and calling the farmers names and trying to force anger, hate and communal division to at least back off... Don't even want them to apologise, just stop doing that now. Because I still see hateful and provocative messages circulating on social media and apps.
up rajasthan farmers have also joined many other are coming too
i proud to be punjabi and i stands with farmers
This farmer protest is becoming larger by everyday . Farmers from other 10 states have joined this protest .
There are so many reforms, bills, pensions, loan waivers, apps for the farmers but what they don't have is awareness about them.
Impeccable background score. Mere veer tu ta punjab da putt a. Every sentiment successfully conveyed. Jai jawan jai kisan
Thank you brother for this wonderful explanation plus this bills also give the exploitation powers by law and order as even 3rd.bill implemented many farmers can't even cover expenses then how will give money to lawyers in a suit plus the legal system in our country. And simple thing   
Farmer politics....Congress support to farmer back for politics
*The main reason is  "Out of 29 seats in all India byelection bjp, rss team managed to won 12 seats only, out of 12, 5 seats in Assam. BJP, Modi, RSS, Shah, Yogi  GAME OVER*  
ZBNF farming is the way forward. Govt schemes  though well intentioned will be squandered by  systemic bureaucracy. Selling at MSP ,MIS is a result of  not adopting  marketing , value add  or  forecasting methods by the farmer.
Absolutely loved the last part, if there is an indicative price realtime application for prices of the farm produce would be awesome 
Modi Repeal 3 farmers law immediately.Bow down to Democracy.Nothing wrong
Das ji mr. Economist please first see the life of farmers in village  then argument. On the income of agriculture they cannot educate there children in top institutions..
To help the farmers there are many ways.
Now book those who called our farmers
Farmers in our country now get Independence in earnings,this law would make farmers happy and those opposing are DALAL.Procession in Punjab,Haryana are not real farmers but they are Bichaulia.Sukhbir of Badal Akali has Sukhbir Agro comprising most of places doing as Bichaulia so they are opposing bill and one minister of Sukhbir Badal party resigned.Sukhbir earn 5000 crores as Bichaulia per year and Sharad Pawar earned 10000 crores per year by grapes,onion
#  I standwithfarmer and u??  From west Bengal
Now I got the video which tells me right way about farmer bill and I can make right decision about farmers protest
Biggest problem in India is illiteracy.  People really don't understand what they are protesting for... In a plain English, this bill take out middle man and now farmer can sell their products directly end consumer, which earn them more money, still they are protesting.  It's nothing but utter stupidity.  This is my observation, Modi government will do everything to help people, if they can understand.
Any legislation to be introduced in Parliament after consultation with the stake-holders. In this case, farmers were not consulted and didnot take farmers into confidence. Any concern(s) from stake-holders must be taken into consultation before drafting the legislation, which was not done in this case, which is wrong in democracy. This is not a radical reform but a high handedness of Modi Govt.
There is no question on the need for laws to get rid of unscrupulous middlemen between farmers and consumers. How does taking away Mandis going to help? Mandis were set up to prevent exploitation of farmers in the first place! How come it become breeding ground for middle man??
Modi is a politician at the end of day. He thought of doing something in his capacity for the farmers and vast majority were happy with it. But if a vocal minority of rich powerful vested interest group with strong PR is denting his image worldwide why would he care about farmers?  But when the silent majority actually realize what they lost, it will be too late. They missed a golden opportunity. If they are so naive to comprehend who their friend is and who is their foe, they are better off being left to their fate. Modi will find a way to win election but the
So don't compare these Farmers to Americans 
2. Who will give monetary helps to farmers relatives, nearest and dearest who died in this period
we cant trust govt any more,bihar farmers now doing dihari in haryanas farm, these are draconian law
Limited selling options is one of the reason farmers are not able to excel economically. 
A lot of gray areas undefined in the act itself, speculations if went as they are thought by farmers will result really bad
Imo indian govt should rectify these laws in some way to restrict pvt companies so that they can't exploit farmers. There are too many loopholes that can exploit the small scale farmers & farm land will eventually fall in the hand of those companies.
Your caption "Prime Minister announces HUGE RELIEF to farmers is Inappropriate. Change it.  Your caption is made to appear as if the farmers have been /are undergoing the sufferings due to unjustified misdeeds of someone else and the Prime Minister has come forward to eradicate the sufferings of farmers
Very sad the doctor and farmers are suffering only in this country
I never understood how an agrarian state like Punjab is so rich. Now I do. The farming laws were working to their advantage. Their farmers burn stubbles, grow crops 3 times an year to sell to government of India. Their rich kids use the money to smoke weed
Proud of being farmer proud of being sardar
Only one wrong info ( inadvertently though). Mandi tax is not paid by farmers, but by buyers.
People need to accept MSP / Subsidies / Loan waivers/Tax. Breaks are short term measures not perpetually guaranteed policy... They have to go away with time once their short term goal is met... They are polices to support  not to bring incompetence... Today farmers in Punjab are well of thanks to MSP but that prosperity can't be ridden on Govt for all the times... MSP is a policy instrument and it can't be a perpetually guaranteed govt policy.. if done it would be an economic blunder in the long run... And for a Political party it won't hurt in the short run to make a MSP law just to be in power but it will create more problems for the future of the country as a whole...
Big companies will do everything to manipulate the market prices according to their benefits in the end the small farmers and the middle class will suffer
Interesting that so called controversial farm bills is unopposed by farmers of 27 states
proudly with farmers
What the heck, why is the afghan army losing??, the weapons we gifted them are now being captured by the taliban, this taliban is too invincible for anyone's info, even they have years of training from USA and India and they are just cowardly holding back and not doing anything, the taliban might capture Afghanistan soon...) :
The Punjabi farmers themselves do not consume this 3rd rate product and actually eat crops produced in UP etc .
India is made of farmers, not just punjab, all states of india is run my hardwork of farmers who give us food but please stop hate towards other Indians who are not from punjab
they killed farmers that is y farmers burnt vechiles.
After disaster of demonisation it is good because I came from farmer's family. And I know how bad are apmc now in india and corruption and cartilization stole the market and farmers get nothing as there are middle man in middle man's, so it becomes long chain of middlemen and destroys farmers.
The goondas won. Real farmers like Ambani and Adani will suffer. Sad day for india.
Yati Baba's words turned out to be True. Now in India, it's difficult to be Hindu in India. Justice for Kishan Bharwad.
Great a government, who made the confrontation of  the two most important people farmer and soldiers. By keeping themselves safe.
Only one solution .. khalistan zindabad
Modi pls hear voice of farmers
Finally the pollution in delhi where these 2 states farmers are mainly responsible.
Once in your life you need a doctor, a lawyer, a policeman, and a preacher. But every day, three times a day, you need a farmer..Support and respect farmers
But we need to educate the farmers with this laws.
Vice trying to show that this is a Sikh movement but it's not more farmers have gathered from other states 
Farmers can't do such things
First destroy Godi media, everything will become Normal.
Its great sorrow!  that no one care for the poor people who feed them. Farmers are protesting for their right which they deserves. The government is playing with them.
They are not true farmers...they are very rich and prosperous farmers get MSP...but marginal and small land holders are happy...
I have just watched Vinod Dua sir video about the farmers protest and he underlined the fact that farmers are blaming PM for not reacting on their demands.So do you think his teflon image is tarnished a bit?
I do not support any political party but this is not a way of handling things  ye bjp wale toh gundaraaj chlaa re haii...but we know kisan sahi hai or even hum sab unhii ke sath haii 
Welcome MODI JI 
Modi Govt Should Take This Farm Bill Soon.  
Just trash the bills and start working with the farmers ! Why is the Govt so focused in imposing those bills? When the farmers are protesting and saying they don't need it??  Those bills were not discussed properly and were made as law. What nonsense was that ? That's the same happening with every BJP reform which is destroying country"s economy & unity. And after the poor farmers started agitation now the Govt is suggesting ammendmends to the bills. So where is the trust and what were the Govt motives  imposing those bills in the first place?? Just trash those bills first and then talk. Why is the Govt not putting on the listening ears ? This govt is supposed to be for the people right ? I guess its not yet dictatorship here  TRASH the BILLS !!
2. Lack of crop diversity and supporting industries: India is a surplus producer of stuff like rice and wheat, we just produce too much of it while we end up importing some other major crops like pulses, now it is somewhat of a "side effect" I can say, as government gives MSP guarantee on rice and wheat in a lot instances which makes it artificially more profitable to grow than other crops even though it should have been the other way round where prices on rice and wheat should have gone down if supply is too high and discourage farmers to grow them and grow something where there is demand for or else it is just a waste of food, money, soil and effort. Now I do know the issue with this as farmers fear leaving a stable and safe source for something where they end up making "less" so I feel government should introduce some sort of a "floating msp system" where msp will be set according to demand and supply
Why were so many farmers against this? I thought cutting out the middleman means the farmers would have been paid more ?
We proud farmer
600 millions farmers protest is like some number came to your mind and you just said it in the flow 
Farmers being almost half of all workers have a lot of power just as long as they can hold out until their demands are discussed and hopefully met.
I hope people also come forward in support of farmers to reject this policy.
And they can also buys from farmers directly more price then this msp and why they need the law for this or standing parllel mandi.
During Bihar election  campaign where is the social distance and rule? I feel very sad for farmers.
Media job is to show the news from both angle not to show just negative news against farmers
Full support to our farmers 
Thank you for supporting farmers 
I know farmers are concerned but instead of demanding to repeal the whole act but specific amendments should be carried out which is denied by farm leaders.Therefore farm leaders need to be more sensitive to this issue.
Proud of our farmers, hope they win their righteous fight!
Who ever put that flag there have definitely managed to turn a lot of people against the farmers ,you should have protested peacefully and should have respected our tri colour  flag .The Indian flag represents unity it shows that India is country where people of different caste ,religion and ethnicity can live peacefully.
Sir there is lot of Corruption in county. If SDM take money from buyer than what will farmer do and how can buyer check quality online from app? and when farmer reach to buyer and he rejected the crop then he have to return on expenses they go and return without money
It is a well known fact that four major Temples in India are sitting on Billions of Dollars donated by Indians. Bramins who are thew Custodians of this wealth use it for Political Parties and don't spend a penny on Indian charities and/or benefits for the poor Indians. All Indian Governments have known this fact since Indian independance but have doine nothing to address it. Consequently , a major Indian asset is a dead asset. Governments have always talked abount helping the poor. No Government has addressed the reform of the Temples. Modi has addressed several key  reforms and achieved  success. But it is shying away from the most urgent reform of the management of Temples. Instead it is going hard on the poor farmers in the name of reforms. It is high time it address the reform of the Temples and get off the back of Farmers.,
Meet the suffering Farmers. Finally
Rollback caa-nrc and farmlaw modi ji... Live there life don't interfere in their own life..
This is just an election move, government will again pass these farm laws after UP and Punjab elections.
Looks like the Canadian Prime Minister is a fool that is why he is interfering to foment trouble in India. GOI should withdraw all visas issued to the Canadian citizens. He is more interested in listening to his Khalistani friends.
we are supporting our farmers
I appreciate that now farmers can sell their produce directly to consumers if they wish to, there revenue will be increased by 8 to 10 percent with same inputs and efforts, it means there profit will increase by about 40%.
All the support to the farmers.
God bless these brave farmers , you're the real backbone of this country , entire media and government was no match to your steel will, I wish one day I become as brave as you
Shame on bjp shame on haryana police
America can't be compared because they have alternate employment. If we do that and all farmers move to lucrative alternate jobs we will have to import our foodgrains from outside.....msp should be guaranteed for marginal farmers first as they donot have enough land to take care of family for 12 months...msp guarantee would increase mrp we need to take it in account as well and ensure inflation doesn't rise on pretext of increased output cost...also middlemens should be totally uprooted from system and profits should go directly in pockets of farmers....msp guarantee should run in phases starting with MP UP and Bihar only.....punjab farmers are already rich.....then if it is successful should be moved to WB Orissa and chattisgarh but priority should be small and marginal farmers
Elections coming! Oh what a power these elections hold! They can even make the biggest of the biggest politicians bow their heads! We should have elections every month! Then India will truly progress! (Maybe online elections)
Fighting Taliban is like fighting another country it's not an ordinary terrorist group it's a multinational organisation.
bjp will do time pass with RRB NTPC candidates and  farmers like before.. 2022 is going to be a year of protests
Central government is responsible for all this. Why they dont care what Farmers are asking for from 2 months . Red fort is more important than peoples lives. How about when they sold Red Fort, it wasnt shame at that time? Every single day one dead body goes to Punjab from border, why government dont feel bad that time 
Farm bills se Krushi Sankat door nahi hoga, we must fight to alter the bills, not completely withdraw an immediate solution.
Still the protest is going on But Godi media shows nothing ...just wanted views at that time now have forgotten them
Every citizen of this country should be grateful to our farmers.Farmers specially from Punjab, Hariyana,U P, Uttarakhand,& other parts of this country not only produce food but also produced good soldiers.My sincere salute to all our farmers who faced all troubles unitedly&won the battle.
Ive been following the whole kisaan andolan progress, please farmers should continue to protest peacefully, government are sending people to create violences, to bring division among the united farmers, for all these days the protest was peaceful, we dont know how and where these provocations are coming from, but as per videos and leaders, they are government people... One message: Farmers should stay UNITED!
LOL. Farmers watching debate in Rajya Sabha and accepting it.  
Please support farmers.
Good decision but it is politics.jai ho Modiji.jai Hind 
We support farmers from tamilnadu
God has given power to NaMoji how to tackle  with people who want unrest in Bharat by hook or crook Modiji is only solution to make India proud and true patriotic Modiji ka dimag Shri Ram khud chalate hai Jai Hind
Both farmers and police suffering due to modi govt
This is a peaceful protest so let's end it and give the Farmers what they want, by rolling back these black laws that were implemented without proper consultation and due process 
2 land owned by company if farmer fail to produce good crops
You are the only non punjabi celebrity that supports farmers . Salute You
Fact of matter us that The PAFC, on behalf of the Punjab government is already promoting contract farming on a large scale to bring necessary diversifi-cation in the state. 
Time to hit where it hurts.. boycott Ambani.... boycott JIO... where is Sunil Mittal..He should offer special rates to all the farmers and convert all JIO customers to Airtel
So none of these laws are sincere or have farmers interest at heart.
2) Tho 20% farmers have won the battle of their ego and pride but agriculture has lost by 100%.
#wesupportfarmers
  in power by  taking support of any party if needs.....but throw BJP out of power......wish U & AAP all the Best....
Sh Yogi Ji Sh Hemant Biswa Sarma Dr Narotam Mishra Sh Bipleo Deo are Icon of Hindu. These Personalities have knowledge of Hindus Culture and Values and against Appeasement Politics of Minority Community
2019,3rd april BKU tweeter post ablotaion of apmc act,essentional commodities act...The double face of BKU(bharat kisan union).
We support kisan  only 
Do farmers really watch parliamentary debates? Does any meaningful discussion ever happen during parliamentary debates? The opposition wouldn't have agreed even if there were lengthy discussions. In the end, it would have come to a vote in parliament on the laws and the majority would get their way. Also by your logic, government should consult everyone on income tax, defence related laws. This way we'll never be able to pass any law. One should either believe in democracy or not. Once a government is chosen by majority, one must allow them to operate rather than blockading cities.
Great analysis.  So you proved that apmc is not working because of its flaws and farmers are mostly selling their produce outside the mandis below msp in cash transactions, the new act will mess up the incomes of the state government thus hampering the development.
One of the biggest issues pointed out by farmers is the fact that the bills exclude a price guarantee mechanism like MSP.
Indian made highway dam hospital consulete etc control by taliban bye bye modi your dream is death only left behind Afshraf Ghani and modi bhai bhai 
Good Job !! Very good R&D made by you both before making this video, providing every details in a brief. I choose to share this video over Dhruv Rathee's or Aakash Banarjee's video because you've not only sum up the problems related to farmers in India but also suggested some solutions in this video.
6:01 Tear gas was used when the mob had started to break the barricades and march on non-permitted around 8:30am to 9:00 am.  Rakesh Tikait has admitted on camera that protestors wanted to start the march early but the police stopped them so they broke the barricades. So in my opinion police's decision of lathi charge and using tear gas was totally justified.
Meanwhile Indian sellout Godi media be like : Why is the opposition misleading the farmers against supreme commander Modi !?
   Or.     2.Those 96%poor farmers who cannot afford to sell their product even in their neighbour district.
Sorry for asking, but wouldn't this situation be resolved if the government just introduced new minimum price laws for the produce of the farmers and enforce them? That way the three farm laws would be acceptable, the system would rid off middlemen and both the farmers and the government would get what they want. Again, apologies for my naivete regarding the issue, just wanting to understand the situation better.
Most Anti Poor and Anti Farmer Prime Minister India ever Had and Would never have.
Farming is very different from other industries as every crop is harvested in a short span of time every year. This creates a large gap between demand and suppy. Hence, making it a free market was a curse on everyone. Thanks that some wisdom prevailed and farmers are saved from the ruthless hands of corporates. The need of the hour is that we work together to bring crop diversity and to motivate farmers to grow crops which are imported. This will make us Self reliant and decrease imports.
I feel that this reformed agriculture bill proposed by Gov. needs some changes & amendments to ENSURE that our most diligent & hardworking farmer brothers get their truly deserving  rewards:
Anyway farmers always have option to go to APMC mandi if they wish to.
Wow, brother, this is most fact based video I have seen about farmer protest.
What's wrong with the people , if farmers have done something like that then they must not be having any other option but atleast this should not be shown on big screen its nothing more than insult and that to on such an important day
Mr Gulati is totally confused between Corporate & Farming. His analysis is totally wrong. Is Indian government running the Agriculture like it runs Air India.
. Farmer sports Party BJP
By the way hats  up  farmers for making the democracy alive 
8:22 while here, he said MSP will not be provided outside of the mandi and so farmers will not be be able to benefit with the MSP, 
Our farmers are builders of the India nation 
I think we need second yogi in Punjab . You Sikhs don't try to incite violence and also don't try to hurt India's dignity otherwise you people know better that how it fell when you are defeated by your opponent in the same game which you have started.
All should do a Google once to know the details of farmer suicides across the country for decades and the root causes....and which govts failed utterly
Stop producing food for 6 months, then they will learn how to treat the farmers. Starve this AIS officer.
Time to get rid of Modi and his BJP.
Salute to every farmer who is sitting there..nation will remember all of you as true nation saviours..
Allah Ho Akbar  YA Allah Pak Rahama  show everyone's right way INsha'Allah ameen summameen from Pakistan  love you too much Taliban because they make Muslim government.. INsha'Allah they will be successful.. ameen summameen Allah Ho Akbar  I request do other Muslim please don't fight with tham you should support them for Allah Pak please think about it nicely and don't listen to non Muslim about that and don't kill each other please do respect each other..
The courts had already suspended the laws for 2 years. Plus the whole opposition was creating so much ruckus about this in parliament and wouldn't let any other reforms to pass. And about the election, this protest would have impacted U.P. elections too and loosing U.P. is not an option. And the security issue that you are calling crap, just imagine if some blast or something would have happened in the protests, everyone would have turned against modi for not finishing this protest fast enough.
Where is the intention to DOUBLE farmer's income by 2022, as promised by Modi.
1:43 whoa i stand for farmers bcs they are jsut working
Hi... Respected Arvind ji....wtever U said & its true because we Indians knew that these BJP people can go to any level for kursi & commision.....They are forcing  these farmers bill to demolish the APMC system & bring the farmers literaly on road.... They are so arrogant that now they consider farmers & APMC Merchants as if their ememies. because they are interested in the commission & corruption with the selected corporates......... in fact they are behaving like this with all Indians....BJP lost public faith.....because this govt. forced Demonitization, GST, Farmers Bill and so many other bills just for their ego.... They have nothing to do with peoples problems & betterment of Nation.......they say that congress ne 70 saal me desh ke khazane me chori ki......ya its true...but  BJP ne to 6 saal me hi desh ko barbaad kar diya.....congress agar chor thi to BJP  Daku hai.....so people are looking to AAP now.....so U should take lead to captivate this oppotunity to bring AAP 
*Why should police be caught in this trap set by the politicians      Police should stand down. Let the Farmers  & politicians protesting clash with public. Let public feel the brunt. Public will be upset and take action against protestors*
But this bill has not mentioned anything about MSP. It is providing farmers a better market. This bill will really help in demolishing middleman.
You pose a question if farm bills are right or wrong but you present the facts with such biased inclination that the bills seem right which isnt the fact
One furture thing missed in this video... There is link bw pvt players  and inflation and soon pvt will become like mandis...in all ways loss is for farmers...
I feel like,why m still in house,I have to join this protest m not farmer but my heart  hinsdustani
Banarji sabi am being a farmer from the south side telling you.. we should be thankful to modiji that he responded to the farmers call in withdrawing the bill..
#We stand with the farmers.
And now farmers from all states across india are coming up in support of protest but bhakts will say only punjab and haryana as they are congress ruled and this gives them opportunity to call them 'politically motivated'
In UP elections the opposition parties should use the farmer's protest to project that upper-class castes are against giving MSP to farmers as most traders are Baniyas and BJP is a political party of upper-caste Hindus only and all other castes should vote them out.
Modiji why high earning farmers (most of em upper cast) still income tax exempt?
But farmers still won't give vote to  bjp....that would be the real win of farmers
1lakh 50 thousand crore lose in this old agriculture system .2003 this act will announce by congress leader .bjp just move this act now .this rule is very good for  our india .pls suppport our government.
Bjp politicians and supportors will also meet the same fate in coming days.
The government should think about farmers doubts and meet with the farmers 
Now who will return those farmers lives whome ur people killed?
black day for farmers..... big loss for them .....
What is fear when deregulation happens more from to farmers.
 In India Physically Handicapped pay Income where as Rich / Super Rich Farmers do not.
Abhijit is absolutely wrong if he really believes that farm laws were rolled back just for punjab elections then he could not be more wrong.....
Modiji did not apologize for the farm law. He said they were unsuccessful to convince particular group of farmers. Hence he is withdrawing 3 laws as per the farmers.
Stop supporting the farmers if you are Rich and can buy food at any price
Moreover, I thought earlier that this guy Tekait with Farm laws protest has not much support in UP, for which Modi/Yogi govt has to worry about. But now after take back, I think bjp govt is afraid of these people also in UP. They are feared abt Tekait that he can create big trouble around election day.
Now all farmers will vote for the b.j.p. and appreciate the central government.
Farmers are the main mass of India. There needs must be met,
Ultimately it's the small farmers who will pay for the idiotic political farmers
The decision of Modi is quite good. Oppositions are unnecessarily taking vast interest. The reasons behind this which declared by Modiji is absolutely correct.
Secular Farmers doing their Master Congress job. Shame on these people for Spoiling the reputation of entire Farmer Community.
so called farmers 
Am wondering how they even let BjP MP gather a crowd?? Isn't that awful close to punjab?
Mr kejriwal  you are understanding the thoughts  of our farmers  very well  but modi is ignoring  them it is cheap mentality
Long Live Indias Farmers! 
Why I start doing research on the aforesaid operation and Kisan movement in Punjab, is for the reason that as Islam is a religion of Peace and now our PM Pakistan, Imran Khan sb also advocate the lesson of harmony among religions, whose proof can be traced at Kartarpur, therefore I and all of us supporting Kisan movement in Punjab for the reason that we want just and right for them. 
Punjabi are doing good and hard work to keep Hindu Muslim Together they are working on ground level.. Salute to all kisan who is participating in this and Salute to all Punjabi Brothers.. Love you all. 
God bless you child your in right side . Yes farmers are fighting for your future.If they fails your future will be in great distress. Because they are our back bone of our nation.
Violence is condemnable... The movement has lost it's sanctity and purpose because of Violence and Anarchy... This was not expected from 'annadatas'(Farmers)... Thev have broken their promise of peaceful protest..The rioters should be dealt with strictly according to Law and charged with relevant sections of Indian Penal Code...
Few more points can also be added such as hoarding by corporates. Rising of retail prices, at the wil and wish of corporates. Corporates will buy at their own rates. They may not buy the crop produced by poor farmers. The present day average farmers will loose their livelihood. The poor farmers will reduce to labourers for the corporates
Whatever happens, still BJP and Modi will win. We have started to resemble Russia and China.
Thx to show the right side of farmers protest. This is a slap to godi media of India. Love from England
If it turned politics , The real benifitter going on be Modi , Modi knows how to turn this into his benifitter . people have seen what these protestors and political parties supporting .  You are missing one thing , The silent majority who are watching all this shit . The political parties did same in 2019 standing with anti India forces . This time people will give 400 seats
They only raised nishan sahb , farmer flag along with Indian flag
#standwithfarmers 
If farmers get concessiins  they are taken away by farm labour and others
I am proud of Punjabi and we are with you farmers
All farmers should be understand this law and govt should be ammendment in this laws
Late decision of withdrawal of three agriculture laws costs the lives of 700 farmers !
These are not farmer's... These are rioters... Pls dont call them as farmers to shame original farmer's. All farmer's leaders are responsible to this incident and tbey all should get punished, best to send them jail
It seems to me, ABHIJIT has broken his CHILAM for ever, perhaps rol joint in future, however Modi had no choice, he was pressurized by BJP MLA in UP due to boycott from their constituancy & losing election in favour of AKHLESH YADAV.
There is lot of unemployment in Punjab and Haryana. That's why so many jobless people were available for protests. Ironically, cross-subsidy of farm electricity is driving away industries away from Punjab, causing unemployment.
India needs Good Leaders, same goes for delhi police. Jab tum farmers ko nhi smja pa rhe to China to dur ki baat h. Really weak leadership on display yr, its been more than 6 months now. Embarrassing for the reputation.
There is a khalistani group 'Sikhs for justice' funded by American CIA which announced 1.8 crore to whoever will host sikh flag on India gate/red fort on 26 Jan, remember one thing for life, whenever there is a riot anywhere in the world, some George Soros money is floating around.
From 3:10 to 3:40 it explains everything that was wrong with the new farm laws. Punjab and Haryana are the richest farming states in India and on the other hand you have Bihar where the mandi system was eliminated and new reforms were presented in 2006 and yet they are still amongst the poorest in India? this clearly proves beyond any shadow of a doubt that the new farm laws will not improve the economic conditions of the farmers but will definitely improve the profitability of a few large corporations which are close to this BJP regime.
Most probably that 755 dislikes are from bjp supporters 
Support to farmers. They are our life
He try to convert farmers to bounded labor,
"I am from Nabha  Punjab .I will thankful for your support.
As Mr Modi said, new country cannot be run with Older laws, makes sense now. Farmer aur Consumer ke bich main honestly abb Aarti Nahi chaiye ...  In MP, farmers sells Brinjal for INR 2 and Society ke bahar THele Wala sells it for INR 40.. Yea jo bich main log hai na, yea mere  aur aapke paise se apne bachho ko US bhej kar expensive education dilwarahe hai.. Just look at the news channels.. Inte mote mote Log protest kar rahe hai.. Arey bhai, asli farmer to dubla patla hota hai.. Yea super healthy mote mote brokers kaun hai TV par ? Zamindar ?
And secondly now the people who are protesting are not farmers they are the middle man (arthi) and the anti national people because we farmers feed the whole country and doing things like that is not the work of farmers ... 
I think the few points what you have missed were already highlighted in comment section. The main fact I'd like to put forth is that, "In any which way, Farmers and Middle class will see ups/downs. The only reason we are seeing chaos out there is b'coz it's creating an impact on many Mediator groups which connects us (may it be Dealers, Mandi owners or State Govt. itself).
One i was only a Bjp supporter! Dimag sei socho toh We all are suffering,! Hindu muslim karke public ka kaat raha hai,mera bhaiyon Hindu Muslim karke koi fayda nhi hai! India Is a democratic country  country!
Great Work llantop. Thanks for showing the Truth. Good deeds and Bad deeds are being watched by God. Keep up with the Truth in this black blind India. You will be blessed by all the Farmers who are on the Road.
As a layman I think these should be in those new farmer bills
Full support Talban From Pakistan
1.	When I was child, farmers used to be from all the age groups but now 90% of the farmers are above 40 years. Next generation is not interested in farming industry due to losses and instability in prices. What next? From where do we get Food? 
Ye helicopter wsy bhe Pakistan main he ayega Taliban gift krdega
One the most powerful farmers folk in the world.
This is the victory of our nation as a democracy. Kudos to everyone who supported this revolution both on ground and online.
Farmers have won the battle but they will lose the war  most farmers will remain poor forever until they realise farming only contribute to less than 10% of gdp
India and Russia will support to panjshir i hope hope this is going to happen
Solidarity with the farmers 
Clearly presented arguments from both sides. However, the last point that our government can (in fact regularly does) limit free market operations in agriculture by banning imports and exports at the expense of Indian farmers should not be held against this particular bill. The fact exists independent of this bill. We can only hope that the tendency will reduce gradually as it only hurts our agriculture industry.
Opposition The Central Government put an end to the farmers' struggle, the spearhead of the parties, without discussion ......
every one should help n support for panjsir..we are ready to die against taliban....salute gorkha from nepal..
But I'm really happy for my farmers. 
You have explained it so well, its crystal clear. You have to redo this video in Hindi as well so that people who are protesting and the people who are supporting them understand the facts. Now its clear to me that people who are protesting are middlemen and not actual farmers.
Main stream media must support farmers not Govt.
You know the irony VICE use to tell us about the laws that are causing distress in their other series but over here they haven't even made a single explanation i have read the 3 new laws that are root of problem for them the only problem that exists is that they can't get the supply and demand of market in right coherence so that farmers can sell their grains in a set time before it goes rip and this is the only fault with the law . Also what i think caused this protests isn't actually actually a family farmers taking charge but business official(retailers) who usually buy from farmer at lower prices and sell us made products much higher rate cause if this law passes farmers can sell their crops anywhere and to anyone as long as it is recorded by indian government (this caused the great protest) they don't want money transparency and also i am not a bjp IT cell just a indian guy who thought it better we sort this in our own country cause every family respects farmers and this age of misinformation just upsets and destroys rational thinking
The "GROUND REPORT" failed the moment you called them Farmers
 farmer  food no future_________
Time for Govt to start Chinese style Re-education Camps for these Khalistani Terrorist Bastards who are pretending to be Farmers.
@00:29 No that's not all that Government says FFS. They have said they will give in writing that MSP won't go anywhere, APMCs will be there, the private players can only deal in crops and not in land or any other property with farmers. 
Farmers demands has to be addressed on priority ......Warna kya khaogey ??????? I don't see anything wrong from farmers side .....they were really waiting patiently....also police ppl do not know how to talk and resolve issues ..... police are public servants ....they always use disrespectable language towards general public.....this has to be corrected soon ...
Best Best farmers is fighting for their right and middle class Indians and thank
Fake farmers,how dare to remove the national flag on red fort,i will support the government on any action on these farmers.jai hind
Arrogant govt If farmers dont want the bill which is for them ( as per govt ) then why the hell is it being imposed on them
Thanks to BBC for coverage of farmers protest.  Now all know why people are in Delhi for suspension of farmer bills they are not terrorist.  Govt is trying to turn the agenda nd not fulfilling the demands of people of India.  Its not democracy its dictatorship.
Bjp privatisation la rahi h, N kisan vl be at their mercy... this needs to modified or scrapped.
Government hold Farmer's payments some times more than a year without paying any interest.
Private company never think about the customer . They always think profit but in gov. Think about both . Like jio company first give everything  free thn all Indian allure for it nd now  prices going up nd in the future again it will up . U will use the net ,call or not it doesn't matter for the company . Company matters always profit. In this case  indirectly loss of customer . So in a same way farmers get loss in the future .
NDTV Unbiased news channel...Other channels will call farmers anti-national... government should talk to them and try to address their problems.
I humbly request vice news to please cover the whole aspect of the farmer protests with regards to how it was carried out and who was behind it, considering the fact that your and other global media is covering barely, even 1/10 of what is actually  going on. I don't know if people are doing this out of their political interests or something else but please at least do a decent job, if not for the sake of truth but at least for the sake of Journalism. Just remember, with freedom of speech, comes responsibility as well.
So basically this is not a protest but a demand from farmers ??
BJP Is full of arrogance, Yogi is a failure , Yogi should resign, Modi should resign
OMG!! Farm Laws are good for Farmers!!! This dude is doing too much of WFH. Needs to go out there and do some field work like Mandeep Punia.
Zero tolerance should be shown towards such protest and the leaders..... No one has the right to break the law not even the farmers.
Why did Modi apologize, did the BJP party know that these laws are not good for the farmers?
Modi want javan n kisan to fight shame on this govt
Dear brother farmers are already selling in open market.
This is no more a farmers protest 
BJP goons has  cross the limit. Please everyone who loves their Dharti Mata stand against the corrupts leaders and make India beautiful.
Well done, Indian farmers 
Farmers said that their agitation is not politically driven 
8 amendments rejected by farmers outrightedly is obnoxious. Who will believe there aren't any vested interests who refused to inform farmers correctly.
India needs strong, decisive leadership. Modi is like a 16 year old kid on Instagram, who gets restless if people do not like or admire him. We need serious leadership.
Farmers ko faltu me badnam kiya jaa raha hai.. har saal itni tight security hoti hai red fort k aas paas and delhi me bhi itni force hoti hai pr iss baar itni dheel kyu??? It's a trap !!
After this, no govt will dare to take steps for betterment of Farmers. 
After Bengal election Modi trimmed his beard, now moving to UP Punjab with Jhola.
Now, let's look at the Govt. Machinery that was in governance under BJP Political leaders in the Nation's Capital. Large police body presence, controlled blockade and even adequate police preparation, it failed to stop a chaos by a small disrupting body of farmers, who clearly deviated from the peaceful planned Tractor Parade Rally.
Huge support to Farmers 
I SUPPORT FARMERS
They are not farmers...they are so called farmers ...they are goons
We the delhites are with farmers  
It is sad that it has cost the precious lives  of more than 600 farmers to get these laws repealed. Might can never be right.
Haryana Punjab people have always been warriors they have always raised the banner of revolution and led from the front !!! True warriors of India they never bow down in front of anyone
But, Now the protest is just to stop BJP government from reforming INDIAN AGRICULTURE.
No farmers no food thats it
 price. Till 2010 the minimum support price was lower than the 
One thing i want add that even former farmer bill  is not benefited because lack of implementation and middleman who selling 50% profit margin giving farmer less amount . Only bajra crops getting msp which also benefited only 14% who have an power in apmc. If everyone protesting against new law they how to protect against last bill also. 
Its in better interest of india to not throw stones in bee hive ( taliban )
I am quoting Senior RSS leader Raghunandan Sharma Mr. Sharma said, "Your intention might be of helping the farmers, but if some people don't want to be helped, what is the use of doing such good?," "If someone wants to remain naked, what is the use of forcibly clothing him ? Well said Sir !!!! Om Santi 
This is the victory of old farm laws. Better to implement those laws for 2 to 3 years then we can find output. 
privatization might help the govt to reduce the deficit, but will it still help the farmers? because it is capitalism - they will look for their own profit. Can you please clarify this.
Delhi Police Leaders should resign for Police Brutality ... Farmers Lives Matter
Farmer leaders strategically wanted this to happen to malign BJP govt
Congrats to all the farmers of india....
We also supports farmers from AP
None of the market intellectuals have been able to properly answer this. There is a reason why 61 unions of US stood in solidarity with the people opposing these reforms. Reagan era mindless commercialisation ruined American agriculture. With commercialisation what ails American agriculture is also the indiscriminate use of GMOs, fertilisers and insecticides. This eventually has caused a near elimination of pollinators and other adverse consequences to the environment. I fail to understand how exactly the small farmer wouldve benefited from this 
This akali man lost d narrative and lady also who walked out of d center in a huff and puff amarinder set them up well in dis fake farmers protest  what is akali doing bringing  in terrorist in these mass gatherings  u lost the plot akalis
No farmers No food 
These farmers have dug their own grave 
Undemocratic act of corporate Modi's acts.are.crucifi.farmers.also. autocratic government.
Wait for tehreek-e-taliban to break the chain of slavery in Pakistan.
Government against farmers!! Sorry I don't support this government anymore
#8___ #8___ #TakeBackFarmLaws #IStandWithFarmers #FarmersAreNotTerrorist
Important reforms have been defeated twice: Land Acquisition and Farms reforms. No government will attempt these again for at least another two to three decades. Unfortunately, the farmers of non-agitating States also lost the benefit of the reforms because of the stupidity of Punjab farmers. 
They are farmers who feed us not a slave of the capitalist.
Haryana me sir tuta he.. UP me hota to g@@nd tod deti yogi police. 
Why  this agitation is done by the farmers  ( ? ) of Punjab , and some farmers from Haryana , West Uttar Pradesh & North Rajasthan ? Why not in rest of Hindustan ? Farmerrs are there also .
Stop saying these thugs are farmers. There are farmers in other states than Punjab and Haryana. My state farmers are earning more after introducing the new rule. This "protest" has sinister origin than economic in nature.
She godi media  is treated badly 
Why does the mainstream media hate that punjabi and haryanvi farmers are well off? All farmers of India should be like them, not the other way around.
3 Modi actually Know what He is Doing,This Decision Is Not For Punjab It's For sealing UP 
Thanks to them and some freelancer media to keep farmers voice heard
#justiceforFarmers 
LOVE FROM PAKISTAN!! and I really like the way sikh kisaan doing peaceful protest And best thing is they are very well organised community throughout food,  medical Langar sleeping areas.  Best of luck kisaan modi should take his decision back soon.
Punjab ka nam jada highlight mat kro..we know iske piche Govt or media ki intentions sahi nahi h.
Please support bjp party
Hanji its like modi or bjp, they are not following corona rules
Support farmers govt failed today badly
This bill is a landmark reform to farmers and they get Good market price without any middle man..
Another thing you talked about is that a farmer can't sell beyond his area's mandi, well he can a lot of farmers of punjab sell the basmati rice crop at mandis in haryana. so mandi freedom is already there.
they are seriously supporting ardhtiyas. they are the ones who are partly responsible of this conditions of farmers. arhtiyas have more power over farmers. 
My Support to farmer,  from andhra Pradesh
By this PM ji shown that India is one for one state's foolishness whole India is willing to sacrifice their benefit. That is why he repealed the law from Whole India and not making it optional for one state. But unfortunately their are people seeing political angle in this decision. Very Unfortunate
Vice , Vox ,and Many More  You guys are doing a great job at bringing Truth  Please Do we Indians All Need your support , Farmers need your Voice 
in any country the farmers are poor and work the hardest but the money the make is little. thus gov should do more for them to secure agri sector as it is so important
Support farmers.They are the backbone of India 
Modi came for the Muslims and no one spoke up for them. Then he came for the farmers, soon they will realise that there were fewer to speak for their rights. The next one to be targeted by the tyrant will have no one to speak for them.
Thank you lallantop . And shame on godi media
Ye police pm k bete h inhe papa thodi farmers h bikaau logg
She is an selfish and  irresponsible lady, fishing in the troubled water... Shamelessly trying to reestablish her family political shop... A big liability for the Nation.. Just Boycott her, reject her...NOT for SEVA... JUST FOR MEVA.. Support only Nationalist leaders... NATION PARAMOUNT, JAI HIND
The More People of India will Remove Modi's Party from the States He will be on his knees
People who are saying that MSP was brought to encourage farmers should also talk about the cast reservation in same way.
Whole Mishra family was involved in crushing kisan movement in lakhimpur
We Kerala farmers support
As a farmer myself i can say only looser today is farmers not BJP or opposition parties.
Second point, the govt needs to understand that even china is shifting from service sector to manufacturing sector. We cannot be the phone factory of the world but we are definitely set up to be the food bowl pf the world, the govt needs to ensure and point her farmers towards goods that have international appeal . For example, bio fuel can be made from sunflowers,mustard etc but right now we dont have a mandi system for it. This will also relieve indians from petro prices etc. Second is palm oil,corn syrup..all western foods have it and india can definitely do wonders. 
All the corrupt parties and traders opposed the bill. Understand the meaning of it. Fake Farmers protesting to devaluate the real farmers and supporting traders to more rich.
yes there is nothing in farm bills which goes against farmers, but there are legit dangerous assumption which are backed to it and it can get true..And farmers understand it as they are on field not us.
Farmers come first.
They r not protestors they r FARMERS .THEY R OUR PRIDE .
on news today i just saw a cameraman covering a small scratch on a policeman's cheek rather than covering a wound on one of the farmers head.shame on our media.these are channels that are buyed by BJP.
2.  In the other states, where this same subsidy is not there, the farmers are at a disadvantage.
BBC news always present the indian news against indian govt nd not show the ground reality of the report, may be BBC get money from pakistan to do that..
Now each farmer (protesters) will become billionaire 
Real journalism... Covering every aspects... Kudos to your team Indian media should learn from this...
Injured were not farmers they r cong goondas
Farmer is more than anyone
700 farmers  Martyr mat bhoolna
Farmer are doing right 
These farm laws became an emotional issue for Punjabis especially Sikhs. One thing Modi knows, he can't upset Sikh Community. Many BJP supporter Sikhs got alienated and took it at personal pride issue for Sikhs. At a time when Taliban, and Chinese at the borders, Government can't alienate the Sikhs who are well rooted diaspora in Europe and America and at higher positions in Army.
Modi the private companies dont give money for years let farmers do whatever they want. Let them have an intermediate
Good Modi realised that he is not king and farmers and common people are the ones who run this country
sooo... let.. the farmers and RSS fight.
opening the door for agri- business. independent farmers will be subsumed. democracy is fighting for its liife ALL OVER THE WORLD
Feeling sad for legit farmers who could have benifited from these laws
Very good at least someone who is doing good for the farmers. Jai Bharat Modiji is the best PM.
We are farmers
Arhtiyas Protest is all it was, never a farmers protest.
RAKESH TIKET. GREAT MAN
Ye 90% garib kisan or pure desh ki har he india 4th generation warfare me bhot piche he isko hi 4th gen war bolte he anti national ko kharidke kuch bewkuf +anpad logo support leke country ko andar se kamjor karo
Apex court should bring the government to its feet for being unable to solve the concerns and problems of the farmers even a year on. Minister of Agriculture must be placed on the mat for his total ineptitude and total inefficiency.
Farmers protest is one thing but its being politicised slowly which is dangerous
desh ke kishan hamesha garib hi rahenge in fargi kishan netao ke vajah se, society which doesn't accept Reform and transformation will never progress . I also come from farmer's family and supported this law.
Delhi us chai waley modi k baap ki nhi hai. Geo shero!!!modi should resign immediately after all that violence.
Before I'm with farmer
I don't understand why this decision has been taken but the reasons must be compelling. I don't think this has anything to do with elections. BJP has lost many state elections. Why would Modi damage his image and the welfare of people for state elections?
Im with farmers with 100% but what about the those shops...that are closed due to this protest...from past one month shops are closed...who will paid thier rents???
Blody goons. Govt. Should block there property and money for public loss. I lost respect for farmers 
Support for Indian farmers.
In another countries farmers are main contributers for the country.... They are rich... Most self esteemed peoples.
It's nothing but propaganda some can mock me for saying this but why did only a part of India protested if it was truly not good for farmers wouldn't have all the country Protested against it . Now by revoking of the law the government has made it easy to every anti development section and communities of India to follow the route employed by the latter to achieve their agendas
Tikait, now you shown your real color. You are a broker of Mandis in Punjab and Haryana. 
Congress and Rahul playing pay card with farmers.
One farmer died just bcz of his own mistake im happy one filthy soul departed
What is role of farmers on road .
Begging in the streets of UP for Votes from farmers.
Police officers are not doing good with farmers.....jo hume anaj dete unhi par ye ansu gas ke golle or dande brsa rhe....jab farmers ko pehle hi permission mil gai thi....then why they did this to the farmers....this is wrong why government  is stopping them to do this....India wants to know
I feel sad for majority of farmers
I support farm laws. Shame on such opposition for insisting fear and violent situation. They haven't read those laws and unnecessarily insisting such activities. I want these laws be implemented ASAP.
Canada sponsored farmers
I stand on farmers...Resignation is the small punishment
India spot farmers
For big jump you need to move back this tactics used by modi... Don't trust on modi BJP government.
If Government servants are paid salary on the basis of their productive output, then they will surely agitate like the Punjab Farmers. Farmers want secure fixed income which MSP ensures. Land Reforms Act of every State prohibits holding and cultivation of Agricultural Land by Corporate entity. Hence cultivation of staple crops / vegetables / Fruits on economic scale cannot be achieved. Small holding will continue unless co-operative farming is further strengthened and professionally managed.
Our farmers has sacrificed everything, they have won the fight. They have saved India from corporates and famine. May God bless and be with the poor and righteous.
Jai Kissan. Bastards raised hand against farmers who were trying to contact ruling party leader.
Big Victory to farmers 
SG knew the repealing of farm laws was not good decision..
It is very sad to see Indians exspecially farmers are unable to compete in the global market after decades of soon feeding  and pampering by government subsidies.
I salute all the farmers
This is exact detailed explanation of farmers bill..... Now i know why farmers  protest?? Thnks Ma'm....
MODI JI IS A BEST
Aayenge to YOGI JI hi
congrats to all the farmers .. now they can go back to doing things the old way !! kisan mazdoor ekta zindabaad .. thank god this tyranny is over.. now farmers will become rich and prosperous as the laws have been repealed and we have gone back to doing things the old way !!
Citizens March for Farmers protest in Delhi ! Wow  ..... ..sarfaroshi ki tamanna ab hamare dil mein hai .... kisano ki ladai zindabad... yeh azadi nahi dhokha hai, naya zamana ayega ... beautiful songs and slogans. Hats off to all these lovely people, men, youngsters, women. One could watch it forever. 
Jai jawan jai kisan,jai kejri sarkar.congratulations & welcome all farmers,we love you.what kinds of democracy of india,s modi govt.what shameless modi amit,what kind of leaders are you? All world peoples are laughing looking you dirty & failed leaders.please mercy them,they are not terrorist,they are Indian farmers.we NEPALESE PEOPLES LOVE THEIR PEOPLES.
I am sorry his arguments are hollow and anti farmer.he is receiving privileges from govt and corporate.bring farmers to UV true picture.
Police gave them permission to protest but these violent protester change their root. And start violence these are not farmer.
Farmers is right their protest against this ordinance
This ain't new in UP isn't it? Just like any other normal day.... This came into limelight cos it involved farmers or whoever they are and the BJP workers and police involvement or else this would have never come into anyone's attention.
Support n prayers from lehnda punjab 
Much as I would want to disagree, I must admit that AIM has the best measure of the Modi BJP's costly  cynical self  - seeking political moves.
bjp would follow wrong tactics - we all know that. I really pray kisan stand tough.
Why India is not showing their intentions to fight the terrorist...
Farmers' 'commission agents': How dare you give them other options??
No farmers no food 
Kisan Ekta zindabad.  Support and love for farmers from Pakistan.  Punjabi veero chak k rakho. Haq lekey utheyo 
50 lakh as compensation and government job to their family of farmers .....................................Bloody bastards politicians
I can see the anger of people in the comment section for 250 million. Does this number  really matter ? As this law will affect the famers as well as middle class people also, so combined  of the middle class and some of the  farmers might be app to 250 million or more .
My father is a commision agent . We share a very lovingly bond with farmers. They use to greet him chacha me as a brother. We were known about these things from past 3 yrs. that govt. is going to take action against mandis. After your video we are fully sure that we are fully awared with the laws. In my opinion govt. Should take actions before speaking much. Sirf bol rhe hai ek aadha kisaan ki maang ko lekr law enact kr diya jaaye. 
Going by your own logic india should also should declare itself a Hindu nation and verbally mention we will take care of all minorities like Taliban, Pakistan and Bangladesh. We all know then how do they take care. Why leftists eyes have closed their eyes on what happened to minorities in this countries although they were part of india at some point. The only difference between india and these countries is that Islam is in majority in these nations. If Indian Muslims really celebrate Taliban victory, do you think their thought process is any different. Why don't you blame their Dharmik chashma because your chashma doesn't see it.
You both diluted the anger of farmers ....and showed in a way that government being a neutral force .....you focused on bills explanation but loopholes were not given full focus......rather than saying ' do not take farmers view before seeing this video'...you used politucal view....good try to divert
No farmers no food  son of farmer 
This is  the time to stand with Farmers....... No other time left!!
Shame on Modiji for taking this garbage decision.
and quality assessment of scheduled farmers produce and mode of payment,
 farmers in Andhra and Telangana are in worse conditions but no one wants to protest because the state has broken their confidence from the root. Shame on dirty politics.
Why big and small farmers are not making kisan cooperatives all over to produce, process, store, transport 75% village products direct delivery to towns, city houses with instant payment, thus farmers can direct control of rural economy, 20% products can be sold to open market for day to day traders
It is not a victory of Farmers but victory of enemy, conducted 4th Generation warfare.
Shame on Indian Media, Indian Government, Indian Prime Minister, Delhi Police, Delhi Chief Minister.
I have a lot of friends who said that farmers were faking the entire episode. Good that the video is out.
Farmers son is a soldier who fights for the country
Farmers bill is clearly advantageous for the middle class farmers!!it must be passed,,,,,y is the issue taken to a completely different direction?
Proud of our farmers!!!
You think chuni he is your servant. Your chittar will be red you try touching Modiji
Hands off dude for the explaining this but i do have question for you as you have told that MSP should be in LAW. But the Fact is that according to WTO it is highly priced in India so we are not able to legalize it even if the govt. want it ... So coming back to qus. what can we do in this stand still situation...?
Govt should not withdraw the Farm bills, to save its face. Instead give the freedom to the States to adopt it or not.
Big salute to the Indian farmers ! It's the victory of our democracy.
Dushyant Chautala , you pls study these laws. I can tell you have not read the laws else you would have been on the side of Farmers. Your Dy CM kursi is mor e important to you, it seems.
This is really embarrassing an IAS is using such language for farmers shame on u sir and shame on this government...
Best ever video to explain farmers agitation
Thank you for such a sensible explanation at a time when the political parties and the farmers of certain states are not willing to understand the real part of the bills!
We support New agri bills
Proved, the BILLIONAIRE not smart enough to do business. He overlooked with farmers manpower as labours. Not a WISE businessman billionaire ( TATA )...
I hope Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers  Welfare see this video. Well done Samdish Bhatia 
Supporting new farm laws(with some basic amendments)
Sach apna rasta khud banati hai , Ravish sir ek behtreen example hai, we love and respect true media, JAI HIND...
I am so impressed by the way these farmers have managed this protest so efficiently 
We fully support farmers
If Pakistan is able to tame pakistani taliban, then this would turn out to be great strategic win for pakistan. So far pakistan has won
Modi selling farming to co-operates after selling govt banks and companies
Stop calling this idiots farmers they are professional goons..
Proud to be a Farmer 
      As of 5 March 2021,248 farmers have died during protest
This farmer is in right. Indian Government should step back the illegal stance about the farmer's policies otherwise no one can stop the Khalistan Movement. Salute this Farmer.
All 'certain party supporter' posing as farmers 
This fight will be fought till the last kisaan alive in India.
Only Two state's Brokers are protesting... Why not rest of the Indian state Farmers ate not protesting?
But what was wrong with farmer law
It is an eye opener for everybody to know exactly about farm bills.My advise is to translate it in all Indian languages for every Indians (Non English speaking mass)to understand the subject and than agitate against the negative points for amendment if any instead of blindly coercing  the Government for withdrawal  and holding Delhiites to ransom .
Central BJP  Govt. has made life of every Indian miserable... haven't seen one ACHE DIN in the last 6 years...  GOD PLEASE SAVE INDIA 
This bjp spokesperson Anchor is to junior front of RAKESH tikat ji
AP farmers support this protest but its very far to reach and difficult to live in that cold weather, they are not used to cold weather due to geographical differences, locations, language is another barrier. They have never entered Delhi , far to reach capital.
Farmers protest is right because if trading started outside mandi then Minimum support Price(MSP) will be not there and initially they will get high price but the mandi will collapse soon and after mandi collapse since there is no MSP the farmers exploitation will start and big companies/traders will purchase in very low cost outside mandi without tax and legal support /pressure.
Is it a wise decision of Modi government? Whatever laws he is bringing to this country but there are  casualties. Innocent lives are lost,  wealth of the ordinary people are lost, unrest everywhere, why? Why? Bcoz he is unfit for the job and if bhakts want him please build a temple and worship him we the common people of India have no objection. Let a man with heart become the pm of this country. One may be proud of 56 chest but that is empty there is no heart of the size of an ant.
Shame on these govt officials a d politicians,  they will also go home and eat food created by farmers, inhumane
Why akali dal support Bjp for passing the bill
And the farmers cannot lose their land as under the new law, the land of the farmer can neither be sold, leased or used for any purpose other than those related to agricultural trade activities. 
Farmers have been heavily exploited over there for a long time. Even on the certain paper test this cold truth s used as the material, which indicates pesticides and seeds are so expensive and they can only afford them by borrowing money from companies who sell pesticides and seeds.
Never thought a megalomaniac like Modi will repeal the laws but really glad he finally did. Reform is required but you have to consult and work with the farmers.
Congratulations so called farmers (sellers). Youve successfully broken a man who actually thought for the betterment of the hardworking farmers of India who didnt get the value for their crops. Youve shown the world that by bullying, abusing the police and wasting taxpayers money by blocking major highways anything can be done. Good job to you goons and stay happy with the decision but remember youve taken the curse of those millions of hardworking farmers doing this 
Saw your coverage on ito violence and then this video, there was a clear miscommunication within farmers about whether to go to red fort or not! It is evident from this video.
I salute you sardar tikaat sahib please keep United together and fighting for panjabi and haryanvi and rajasthan farmers and farmworkers and haryanvi and panjabi and rajasthan brothers and Indian people and Indian farmers and farmworkers we need leadership should be United together i wish God give you long life
Jindabadfarmers are the real heros of our country..proud of you
The real problem is even bigger than just taking back these new farm laws; the main thing already existing (as said here): large amount of trades between farmers and traders across the country don't ensure Minimum Support Price, thus putting the farmers in never ending debt, leading to thousands of suicides every year! Govt needs to ensure this too !!!!!!!
Main reason for taking back these laws is inability to convince benefits to real farmers or we can say lousy attitude of real farmers to let these bogus agitators represent them
Still this decision has more advantages. And the disadvantages are mostly based on imaginations that it can Happen  or what if this happens. For now it will be profitable for Farmers.
Shame on modi government this government is taking India 40 years back
Our prime minister cannot bow down. He does not have any modesty or courage. He brought the three laws without consulting the farmers and took them out without consulting them. Whats the point? Well the point is it has been done keeping the punjab elections in mind. He wanted to make Amrinder Singh look strong. Modi does nothing for the good for the nation. Everything he does is political.
i just want to say dhruv rathee u r doing a great work bro but this is all planned way years a ago i am telling all the people untill and unless whole indian people dont protest and boycott bjp till then u cant stop this party
Whatever happened was not right, but completely blaming farmer and calling them anti-national is ALSO NOT  right This is the same DL Police which attacked STUDENTS sitting in JMI Library. Everyone here knows how the bill was made, passed. Mending things/ situations according to their comfort and sensibility
We are not in the regim of cowards Congress, we are in leadership of Hon modiji and can stand strongly and bring anyone in its knees.
Just go with India progress. Dont go with wrong politicians. Go with right people go with Modi Ji
Proud to be farmer and sikh
Hindu are under threat in india even after BJP government 
5th now govt have agreed to give choice to states to levy tax outside mandis also..though not levying tax on agri produce was in favour of farmers and consumers because there is also 4% gst which is shared by centre and state on food stuffs and is ultimately paid by consumer
Just one thing has protest solved amything when there was a dialogue going on. I checked in some other channels many farmers are happy because they can sell it to any people they wantti. Centre was calling for dialogue then they were supposed to meet on dec 3 so could not they wait till then.I heard that farmers in many places that farmers especially in Punjab are very rich they were used to take all benefit from the government. Now if that is true is this a political gimmick by opposition belief. I as a citizen want farmer to get their die. I would rather pay the farmer than the shop keeps why not make the payment in such a way that once paid most of it goes to farmer. Modi has brought on many changes I have full trust that he will come up with something, the farmers can protest quietly let them wait till 3 rd. also they have no right to damage property that has people taxes . If any thing damage farmers too must pay the bill
Why would farmers be unhappy produce is not coming to mandi? 
Kisan Kisan India labour India  mother India women India Ambedkar India all all all people help help help
Divided by BJP , united by farmers 
yogi ji se pooch solituitionsx fir fir dekh sacchi....lol
#strongsupport#farmersofindia
Yeah farmers need more help  our parents and grandparents were born on land.
listen carefully he didnt support Taliban.
Farmers of Punjab have kept their greed above everything else.
Why people are saying Annadhata, these people are domestic terrorist supporting political parties and also want to be in politics
Kudos to Dilse foodie channel for highlighting the farmers issues and for being at the epicenter of protests. A wonderful initiative from your part as the channel is a part of food space. Best wishes.
But farmers are not receiving their share
but we have time to comment on farmer 
Moral of the Story- EVMs can only bring you to form a government but they dont give you power over people unless the people really vote for you. As far as BJP is concerned, whenever Modi is gone BJP is finished and if the EVM truth comes out before that then then BJP will be banned and Modi is in Jail. RSS will have to form a new party. 
Log kishano ko bharma rahe hai.. This bill is Only for farmer's welfare
Thanks to your channel atleast to realise a certain community of our great India who are in minority says they are comfortable with indian law and order and staying very comfortable this is a true Indian media hats off to you
Now denying MSP by BJP govt.means again handing over farmers to the volfs !
I am from LAKHIMPUR but union minister son was not present in car ....he is present in program but their vehicle gone to district headquarters for bring up vice chief minister Maurya but the driver drive the car on farmers and farmers kill him.....so overall mistake of  driver as well as of farmers as they stoped their vehicle by standing in front of car......now I tell the truth you decide who is wrong and who is right ....... And also I am not supporter of bjp .......being muslim I am traditional supporter of SP
Just for your info...MODIJI has been in politics more than 20 years 
Main implication is:  long awaited Agriculture Reform is a dead matter for ever. We small farmers will continue to be a subsistence farmer for ever. Now onwards don't have an illusion towards this government.
Its a big victory for farmers in the history of independent India.I bow down to all farmers who died during this farmers protest.
No doubt, income is definitely reduced since 2017/18/19...... This government hasn't done nothing for farmers, middle class. Very soon petrol price will reach 110, wait for 10th March. Aaj rates pakad kar rakhe hain, ek mahine baad kahenge international market decide karti hai
So far majority BJP leaders or supporters who appeared on various media outlets are all lying towing the same lines of lies regarding this case .The victims and their families deserve justice .The minister,his son and accomplices cooked up various storys to wash their hands but no one is buying their story.The minister should be forced to resign and action should be taken against the Police for delay tactics.BJP leaders defending and people involved in this crime should come and do this crime in Europe and see what happens.
BJP RSS GOVERNMENT played politics over 700+ shaheed farmers and their families for whom Modi government is the government which destroyed their lives. This could have been done so much sooner and saved hundreds of farmers.
Modi ji, Agriculture income ko income tax ke daayre mein laakar as a taxable income treat hona chahiye, ye maang hmari taraf se hei.
Farmers protest ki piche desh birodhi agendas hai Congress and aap etc party ki saf saf nazar ara hai
Similarly MSP minimum support price means, even if the quality of crop turn out to be low, Farmer can atleast recover the cost. On other hand where the quality is better, Bid to procure better quality start from MSP, let the farmer decide at what price above MSP he is willing to sell. 
All citizens must read 3 agricultural laws. Totally ANTI FARMERS LAWS & BENEFITS CORPORATES.  1. No provision for farmers to go to courts incase of dispute with private contractors/ buyer's.  2. Farmers cannot fix price on produce. No guarantee on purchase price.
i stand against what media like republic,aaj tak are doing but the farm laws are good 
Nobody in India including the central govt explained clearly these farm laws & how good or bad it is. Which is why experts say it will all be known when implemented for 2 years. It could go either way. It was implemented in Bihar in the past with disastrous results.
What the fuck bhai kisan hai not terrorist ki aap  tear gas use karoge
" Addressing a Conference of Chief Secretaries of States, Dr Manmohan  Singh said, There is a need to review and amend the Agriculture Produce Marketing Act to enable farmers to bring their products to retail outlets and also allow retailers to directly purchase from the farmers. This would bring better remuneration to farmers, check wastage and allow competitive prices to prevail in retail markets. "  
Did the Hindu stop hiring educated people who know the difference between "two states" and "several states"? How can you say "several states" and then follow it up by saying "Punjab and Haryana"? Is your propaganda getting that lousy? Are your favorite leftist lobbies not paying you enough for oropaganda? Or are they themselves getting lousy and cash strapped? No, you are not terrorists... You are propagandists... I am a farmer from Karnataka and several farmers from my state, from Tamil Nadu, from Maharashtra and from every state except Punjab and Haryana have been committing suicide since green revolution and APMC system with Arhatiyas were established as they have benefitted none other than farmers in Punjab and Haryana... My message to rich, non suicidal farmers and Arhatiyas of Punjab and Haryana; "sit at home and think of how to spend the loads of money you have earned so far. It is time for us from other states to make money now outside the non functional APMC system"
Punish them. It's clear propagandist .. Farmers will never think about these things. 
Essential supplying to farmers is good job but when water was not supplied in Delhi till 15 days then where had AAP party
To some extent the procurement policy of FCI is responsible for lower prices of grains in open market...if they could ensure smooth procurement and timely payment of dues to the farmers, the market price could have remained marginally above the MSP. FCI could then sell the excess grain in open market after booking some profit. Besides this, more categories of MSP for a grain is needed in consonance with the variety of the produce. FCI may also think of value addition and may itself become a supplier to the corporate. FCI solely for the purpose of PDS is a very bad idea.
In long run The repeal of these three agricultural bills will lead to huge loss to farmers. A day will come when farmers will spit on Tikait.
Farmers are not getting the deserving rewards for their sweat & toil. Small farmers are very poor and unprivileged. Only processors of food & agro products and Wholeseller are making money with scoundrels & corrupt politicians.
If this is how Lallantop tells a story then what can you say about the rest of the  Godi Media, Shame on you Lallantop! I thought you were better than this but you disappoint me. Neither do you know the real story behind George Floyd nor do you have the guts to tell what happened to Ranjit Singh. You are just another shameless channel. Absolutely nothing to draw any parallels between George Floyd and Ranjit Singh. The concept of freedom and right to stand for self protection is so alien to the cowardly people who report like this is that they don't understand what 'Stand Your Ground' means. The people who fought for India's freedom were very different from the people who are running it now. Ranjit Singh had nothing wrong and was just 'Standing his Ground' when he was attacked by Gunda elements of BJP brought in by the Law Enforcement Agencies. What he did that day is absolutely commendable. Proud of you brother Ranjit Singh! An honourable society will learn from you and and a dishonest people will try to propagate lies on top of lie to malign bravehearts like  Ranjit Singh's image. Once again Lallantop, a big mountain of shame on your face.
Congress ne fund diya hai khalistan Supporter hain ismai aadhe se jyada
If the farm laws are bad why did they framed why it is in manufesto of cong bjp aap
Respect to the PM for understanding the gravity of the situation. This is the finest thing about democracy wherein ultimately the voice of the people to be heard. Can understand reasons for repealing some farm laws but I still believe that the laws were good for indian agriculture. Do admire govt's efforts. Reform isnt easy sometimes. We must still try.
E bechne kaa savaal nahi hai. Ye political  virodhio ki chaal hai. Real Farmars had no problem. They oppossing the entry of bjp mla/mp and  SC has banned the laws  for sometime and SC not giving the correct decisions. To avoid conflicts laws repealed.
Farmer in my place and western go vacation or picnic at seaside or travel to beautiful place or complete thier pilgrim mission but in india framer picnic in street and wasting time, disturd public peace and freedom.
MSP is not beneficial for farmer because what happens farmers go to mandi then they have given token means they need to come after atleast 15 days and also farmers need transportation and sometimes happens that they need money as soon as possible to give money to labours etc so they sell them at home at low price because they don't have money for transportation.
I am also son of farmer, but I think that provides more  choice to farmer where he want to sell their crops
Why can't farmers form strong associations & directly deal with the markets, both local & global rather than dealing with these corporates. After all, farmers can make contact with overseas & across Punjab, thru world trade. Leaders cud negotiate with the government, set up ports to the nearest states. Look at other small trading nations,
ndtv only showed that it is very diffcult to sell in mandi for small farmers in mandi they have to become a member pay to middle man                and all this farmers who have gathered on delhi border no doubt they are hardworking but they want to earn over these small  farmer they are growing just wheat and rice which government have to necessary buy  despite overflowing silos and still our people go to sleep without food people are always afraid of change
"This is an attempt to make, by far the most unbiased and simplest video on the farm bills on the internet"
No government howsoever brute in majority can afford to enact laws that antagonise the target group. PM Modi has realised it,albeit belatedly. The apology n appeal by him on Farm Laws have definitely enhanced his stature as a statesman and also underscored his astuteness as a leader. After all, the coming elections in UP, Punjab n others necessitated this unprecedented move which in a way has undermined the majesty of Parliament. But it is certainly going to be a case of 'once bitten twice shy' on the part of the government. Any type of 'reforms' will be BIG NO from now onwards upto 2024. Half-hearted, ill- baked ordinances/legislations have done more damage than good. However, this rollback will bring more troubles ahead.
Bro u doing great job its really unfair law for farmers
Have any of you at lallantop tried to think what a bus is doing in the middle of a road?  Shamelessly trying to show farmers pushing bus. It was intentionally parked  by police.
stay focused and your efforts will not go in vain.. Full support to farmers who are leading this protest for all of us patriotic Indians 
Shame on you guys who support these kind of riots. Have the backbone to condemn violence. You can support farmer protests, criticize government and still condemn all that happened. If you are still supporting it, you should seriously rethink about it .There is no justification for it. 390 police officers injured protecting civil order. Hats off to them.
So grateful to you all... To make sure voices of our farmers get heard...
As per your information if only 6% farmers are selling their products, it means that 94% farmers a already selling open market. Then whom govt what's to facilitate with open market?
Farmers are not only from Punjab and Haryana, they are from whole of India
Modi ji ,you are great and knows how to fool Indian Public .....Great dramatic character...it is a suggestion to open a Drama School to train students for politics and NSD admission as a part time business ,great...Modi ji really you are a very clever and a different type of chracter ,uderstand it without saying...... We support our farmers not a puppet of Capitalist.... Jai Kisan Jai Bharat
I myself support the farmers...but this isn't what i supported for... I'm ashamed... No one else could be blamed for this... No one else is responsible...
Generally I don't share videos... but this time I shared this video at my every social media account 
2.5) The kind of infrastructure (storage, sorting, delivery, procurement) needed to furnish this venture requires this business to attract the greediest of SOBs, although the farmer is weak and tame and exploitable.
Bobdi should now know how India became independent...British were not getting Lagaan from farmers and their products were denied..how were they supposed to thrive... Great example of Gandhian principle again by farmers
I dont believe modi would take a hit to his image just for 10 seats in punjab.
I own a farm land, so I am sort of a farmer (I don't farm it myself), plus I have business knowledge through my education. When I took over my farm from my father for the first time and came to know about these restrictions I was shocked. Any party opposing this bill should never call themselves protector of farmers.
How to lie, learn from modiji
Punjab election se ankhe khuli hain.
Ab kiya karenge Andha Bhakta, Kissan toh tractor rally ka rehearsal kaar rahe hain.? 26th ko Show time. Ab toh Kissan ka Astitva ka Aaa Paar Sangharsh hai. It will be fight between real desh bhakt (Kissan) Vs  fake Deshbakt (Andha Bhakta, godi media, Defunct IT CELL & social media Sympathisers  platforms). JAI HIND
Congress taljed about apmc stopping earluer that doesn't mean that congess supported this bill
What farmers need is proper understanding and diversity in farming
Very good.  Point  of  duble  income for  farmers  should be raised  now
I support gaurented MSP atleast for poor farmers having farming about 10 acres.
first of all thank you for showing this video because their many farmers are struggling in NH44 they lose their life they loss their every thing because of this soocall selfish government in india and now india PM says that this are parasite how dare is he this 3 law can destroy each of every farmers and their lands
You forgot the election angle in repealing farm laws
This is the information  revolution happening in India. When the mainstream media is becoming state media and the remaining media just criticizes everything of the government... we as commoners do not get information... and you Sir .. are a part of this revolution..... bringing objectivity in informing ..... kudos to you and may your flock grow and may we be better Informed. Thank you
It's great loss for the farmers. We have not seen anybody in South india protesting about it.
These people will definitely help Modi win 2024 with 350+ seats while getting 0 seats from Punjab
Bjp : tries to suppress farmers 
That's how to bring down an arrogant government, you have to make a sacrifice and farmers did so well. Well done
Salute the courage and patience of the farmer brothers and sisters.
@ZeeNews aka GodiMedia you ll reap what you are sowing. You you can escape with the help of your BJP but you ll never escape from the power of God
The explanation is so unbiased that those who are pro-government, belive the bill is good for farmers and those who are anti understand why the bill is bad for farmers. It also says that the bill has it share of both good and bad, and a proper discussion would make it lot better for every party involved.
Every time u look whether 26th january riots / today riot / at protesting site only poor farmers died...why???
Just one clarification, the farming share of GDP went down from 51% to 15% was not because of decrease in farmers incomes, but because of increase of service sector and IT.
Sir In my perspective there should be a group of persons from farmers side and a group of police officer who can coordinate themselves and take one particular group ahead ...
Private bigger companies will be Jio for the formers. They know very well. This government has promoted Amabni's Jio and now Jio has monooply and can raise prices in telecome as they wish. This is 100% Adani and Amabni government. Government is there for poor till Elections, Once elections over it becomes only for industrialists specially for Adani and Amabani.
farmers dont have to pay any tax while selling their produce at the APMC. it is the buyer of the produce mainly FCI who pays that tax !! please correct !
If APMC can't be in business and provide profit to farmers it has to go away
I am not supportive of every policies of the current Govt, but the new farm bills have far-reaching impact on the positive sense. I dont get why theres the fear of MSP going away. For the near future, atleast for the next 10-20 years, MSP isnt going anywhere. APMCs will be there, its just that a farmer living on the edge of a dist can now sell his perishable goods on the bordering dist than travelling all the way to his dists APMC mandi, and then not even getting a fair price for it. Also, these bills dont force the farmers to get in contract with corporates, they just keep that option open for them. Its the middlemen and the states that will take a hit(states get revenue out of APMCs). But if we dont liberalise the agri sector now, farmers will keep selling tomatoes at 2/kg and customers will get it at 30/kg. It defies logic that real farmers will protest against this. Its more the organisations that form the middle part of the supply chain, thats behind these protests I believe. Because if anyones half smart, hell know that these bills just gives poor farmers more options and opens up the sector. It doesnt harm any farmer.
You have really covered the entire farmers agitation very well from day one u have worked hard otherwise godi media would have painted them with titles like khalistani and terrorist but u continued to show the point of view farmers.
I support  framers .. But today we not support farmers .. Ja galat kya kisano ne ..
Farm law is good for farmers.
Congratulations to the farmers of India 
I don't see any female farmer protesting. Where is feminism?
Human rights: the treatment of the peaceful protestors has turned into a Human rights violation. The BJP government has refused to grant repeal to the laws. They are simply outlining their usefulness. Article 19 of Indian constitution states freedom of speech and expression. 
No Farmer no food
Punish them  we are stand with farmer
India should support freedom fight for independence of Quebec from Canada.
We are farmers 
We must ask all MPs, who voted for the anti-farm law in Parliament while they are coming as candidates / as campaigners, don't forget the farmers who lost their lives.
hahah ,, keep on protesting middle men and hoarders,,, you cannot malign the name of farmers ,, 10 thousand vs rest ,, we will entertain and enjoy your show until you go back home
Great decision! Thanks to the farmers protesting for their rights  A country where farmers flourish, will achieve win over poverty and hunger.
Talks on new agriculture bill, what is wrong with it? How it is kisan virodhi? How many people seriously studied it for the benefits of farmers? No one interested in wellbeing of farmers, all are using the name of farmers to make their own career/ ground.
All other states need farm reforms. Punjab and Haryana can stick to old laws and do not need to hold back others.
Zee news alyo kisan metro de tracks par nahi baithe han
Public.is.against.this.so.called.Kisans.Tikait.is.posing.himself.as.PrimeMinister.of.India.Non.shold.be.allowed.to.move.with.tractors.Enought.is.enought,police.should.take.strict.actions.against.such.gundas.
To all the foreign named handlers...  We Indians know that these are not real farmers. Well majority of them! We don't give a damn to your view. Modi govt works for farmers.
Only farmers (?) Of punjab are protesting...rest of the farmers in the country are doing their job "farming"
Mam pls be lil practical these black laws wont benefit our farmers but will surely help the corporates
Thanks bbc from Indian farmers
The real losers here are farmers with small land holdings. Now no government will ever think of any reforms in near future. Government should have been more careful with the the way they introduced the bill.
The riots that are happening in India somewhere  media like Aaj tak, Zee news also has a very important role in it... Whatever be the situation in the country they never forget to defend government because they are not journalist they are paid actor of government...
Right sir. You are heating the bjp media
Illiterate farmers of India don't know that how much harm they did to themselves. Why on earth they want intermediary come between them and customers.
Govt need sit with farmers and soft the bill
They are from 3 states only ... They don't represent other states and those who support farm bills in these 3 states also
should we use modern methods to make framing effect on. let's subside farmers.
Support Ravish kumar and real reporting
We respect for farmers but at certain limitations if they cross limits blocking Highways 
Punjab stand for whole nation  msp Punjab never go back godi media
After this, that Tikait  guy will contest lok sabha polls from Congress or AAP then lose...only losers in this game will be the poor and honest farmers (if there are any) who have nothing to do with politics.
Don't worry the so called farmers can still file the appeal in the court of Canada
I finally understand what farmer's bill is all about. Thanks a million!
Just thing we are are having farmers in millions but then why are only farmers in few thousands protesting.
India is strong & we will stand together against the world..Farmers have the right to protest but this global propaganda against India at the Super Bowl is well known to everyone...Forgot to tell you that I am a farmer's son
The farmers should hold the protest in a democratic manner. They should act responsibly.
If anyone wants to know the truth, read all articles from everywhere which wil provide you a truth , despite depending upon these youtubers. Develop opinions and fight for truth. As no one knows the actual truth , who all are messaging.#supportfarmersprotest
Shame on the modi government and the corrupt media for ignoring the real issue. KISAAN ZINDABAAD!
Government is making life of common people around delhi harder and trying to blame the farmers
No farmer suicides or deaths or bailouts or subsidies ...
what if the tomato market price is 20 and the contract price is 10. farmers have to sell them products at a lower price and that's what farmers fear, the third bill( essential goods amendment act) allows big corporates to control the price and increase their profit.
Here I am totally confused about Farm Bills between Shekhar Gupta and Yogendra Yadav both of whom I admire and respect.
If farmers will expoliated then whole industry will effected as agriculture is base of industries 
Why are you promoting this old man Natwar Singh or Munnawar Rana or any of these illiterate maulvi's who endorse talibani's inhuman treatment of women like slaves and minor girls/children. Why zee is promoting Afgan issues, have you no issue of india to deal with. Talk of police reforms, UCC, judicial reforms etc.
Cant the government fix the quantity of grain to be procured from punjab and Haryana and allot it to the other states like UP and MP?
PM modi ji government is good working  jai hind jai bharat  greatest country 
Good job  these are not farmers these are criminals    to stay in india every one should obey the laws .
Modhi don't like farmers. He want them be silent.
6- best earning farmers in India haryana punjab , n they enjoy msp ..haryana punjab are very low when it comes to suicide which is most in maharashtra.then why does government want to reform states which are doing good instead should reform worst effected states like Bihar, maharashtra????
Im Sikh by religion but Im Indian first also come from Hinduism thats a shameful all these people are against Modi, and BJP Who always supports Hindu and nation... please stop that all bullshit Mashup...
The people who dislike this video they don't know the pain of a farmer.
Bcoz Already 94% Farmers Dont Need It Right?
ie Wheat's MSP should go down so that farmers will migrate to more economically viable crops.
What india will do they don't negotiate with Afghan Taliban in future . Now they are  against of people who are supporting Taliban . In future india must need Afghanistan for trade and minerals then what they will do ?
We are with farmers
Haads of to my farmers (brother and sister) and JAI JAWAN AUR JAI KISHAN...
Taliban has huge ground support without that how can an organization of 70k capture country of 4cr.
My people, sending love from London  #NoFarmersNoFood
Brother you are explaining in well mannered ..short time and diagram is very help for understand advantage annd disadvantages of bill
MSP is as buyers of last resort not first resort as it defeats the purpose of free market. The PDS system has to be scraped and that is the fact. It keeps farmers poor, food grains are lost in FCI Warehouses and consumer get poor quality food. If only you can show me a thriving farmer who has actually benefited from MSP otherwise the debate is as poor as our food.
In short if farmers think this is not good, so it isn't because, I think everyone has the right to choose what good for them and what not.
Farm laws should be made only after discussion with farmers
so it,s duty of farmers to help the govt.
Thanks for talking about farmers 
Angery police stop the farmers..
I think we youth should start farming with new technology and make India no1 in agricultural production
0:46 look at the flags on the car , These are khalistani flags (Khalistan is written on them) .These khalistani aren't against government they are against India  even farmers don't support them they are just taking advantage of the situation.
Good for rich farmers and APMC agents
Do you think these people are educated they get manipulated by the opposition and start protesting and every other state is welcoming these laws except Punjab because most of them are unemployed and has a personal grudge towards India
I disagree with you Shakher ji on the front that it was right to repeal them. They farmers should also have remained patient and cooperative and actually indulged in these talks with the govt. And should wait for 2 to 3 years and see the effect of the laws and then react and the govt should also play their role properly.
Shame on indian media and Government.. 
Go For Election  Mr Tikat you will know what you are
I'm very sad to listen this news if the war start between taliban and india then how much indian solider will diebcz my brother just join a army and he is just 21 .
So called university "educated" people and intellectuals need to learn a lesson from farmers. UNITY AND PERSEVERANCE PAYS. If you are united, you can face any difficulty, including the pompous BJP Gov who thought they could roll over the farmers and gift a huge market to their "funding agencies" ... the Adanis and Ambanis of this world. Hey you can all eat crow now!
Modi ji all waise right Jay Hind sir apke fesla wapas lene se hame dukh hua hai
Perfect explanation...now it is clear to me...all about farm bills and it's contrast between government and farmers...
Tikat is a congress agent.  His task now is to defame every person who speaks against RAGA,  as Mr. Owaisi exposed impotency of rahul gandhi on several occasions, tikat calls mr. Owaisi as bjp agent.  Perhaps he himself is a congRSS pittu.  His barking won't impact the popularly of Mr. Owaisi.
I am actually supportive of the move. Reforms can only happen if BJP remains in power and farmers are a big vote base.
1. As farmers education background might not be enough to read contracts, government can add Single Contract for all through  technology BlockChain & it can be traded like stock & shares.
It means now the entire India against the BJP and its Corporate looters. 
This is mudder of indian democracy by our prime minister Modi , i fell ahame that i born in India #justiceforkissan
Potato price is 40-45 per kg in villages due to essential commodities act but the actual farmers getting 5-10 per kg
Now farmers will suffer for next 70 years
BJP is doing better than Congress and India needs it!
U have earned a true fan and subscriber today...After exploring the protests and farmers heart u guys knows about true point... The points u raised here are very true and nobody was able to understood. And believe me there are so many loopholes in these three bills and nobody is talking about them... From the first day i felt like we need an informative channel that can help us to raise our voice in English... Bcz it is global language... Thanku very much all ur team. 
Why are the farmers of punjab and haryana in particular protesting ????
As usual, Mr Modi has turned a victory into a defeat and then by a quirk of fate (or planning?) the defeat has again turned into a resounding victory. The farm laws were initially lauded and seemed to be sailing smoothly with the opposition not able to put a strong voice of protest. Then Amrinder Singh played his hand and used the Punjab farmers to put Modi on the mat. The republic day parade was expected to be the knockout punch but the violence against police and chaos gave the initiative back to Modi. The tweets by foreign celebs who have no clue about what they are talking about has turned this into a question of nationalism now. A smart analyst will be able to see the similarity of the current situation to the pulawama attack and the aftermath. The farm laws are not going to go away!
Ppl r now in favor of modi after farm law news
My eyes were full with tears..govt should listen us..we r farmers and farmers pioneer of the country..
Whether I don't belive that they talk with farmer before implementation of farm  laws 
Chuslami media, don't show very big issues like (Kishan Bharwad )who killed by islamist over a post, don't u people have any morality.
The intentions were  genuinly good for smallfarmers, asking forgiveness is humbling,
Most of the profit is owned by middle-men, Twice or 3x + times of which Farmer are paid.
3.  Private buyer/ CORPORATES  can fix any rate on produce, NOT required to buy crops from farmers on MSP. 
Maha Punjab zindabad politicians ne inlogo ko bant diya thaa abh sabhi pass Anne lge hai this good all state respect each other
If the govt and supreme Court has come to know about the harsh reality of role of Rakesh tikat . What have they done so far. Doesn't it raises a question on the working and efficiency of these two bodies.
Little guy can take so much! However, Farmers here have been protesting peacefully for months, camped up on freezing streets and this march was also peaceful, bar small section that had been lead stray by negative forces within the ruling bjp party.
We lost the 4th generation warfare from antinationals...... Now this will trigger other groups also to do the same..... This is not right thing to do... PM Modi should have stayed on its stance....... Moreover real and small farmers will suffer and this cycle will go onnnnn...
I am very thankful to scoop whoop because the ones that don't know punjabi can get informed about the situation going on in delhi just because of you as all other hindi media is showing wrong about these farmers. Thank you very much 
I am not from farmer background. But I can feel the pain what they are facing .          talented     presentation  world class 
Now i can understand govt did for their own good cause, but there are misunderstandings and lack of assurance between farmers and govt.
Wow ! Farmers are doing it peacefully. I can see that.
By Far Best Video On Farm Bills  Thank You Bhai.
This news is not that viral only I see Aryan khan was arrested on Godi media
This asininely statement that farmers opposition is pointless is also illogical. Because the farmers are the aggrieved party which was never consulted before drafting the laws. Does Modi government knows better than the farmers interests better than the farmers themselves? MODI IS EXPLOITING THE MAJORITY BY CHURNING OUT LAWS WITHOUT MUCH THOUGHT AND DEBATES. EVERYBODY KNOWS ABOUT DEMONETISATION, GST AND OTHER HALF COOKED DISASTERS.
Concurrent entry 33 is for trade and commerce in food stuff but farmer produces food grain. Food stuff as per constitution is processed food.
Farmers are right for repealing of laws but patienly listen them. Those who last thier lives their kin should be adequately compensated.  Kisan Zinabad
They r not farmers, they r brokers
You only first started to attack farmers and now you complaint about them.this is the oldest ideas of sangis.always blaming protestors who protesting for their rights.
I think they need education .... education of farmers billl ......
The farmers are more educated and Intelligent than our Prime Minister and Home Minister...What the farmer said are all well said...
The media dont show when these farmers are giving food and drinks to the police. They dont show the farmers removing police barricades to make way for an ambulance. These channels are so biased, its disgusting.
10.Why the farmers did not listen to the leaders?
1st time came through your channel.. nice explanation. Every thing is there. I understand both govt and farmers. Farmers basically worried for their security.
Amazing. This is by far the best explanation I have got for Farmer's Bill (and one of the few videos that I watched without skipping anything). Thank you Think School guy for making this video. Keep it up.
I think in the essential commodities they will have to also include another amendment to also add also a minimum price that the farmer can sell their produce, because I feel the competition could get so verse that even these guys could buy the produce from farmers at the cheapest prices later in the future that could drag the industry to rock bottom.
Mai is law ko repeal nhi karwana chahta tha isme kuch modification chahta tha this law is very good for marginalized farmer and bad for big farmer ....Phir wahi hua bade log jeet gaye chhote log haar gaye
For All The People who Are In Support of Farm Laws.... Congress BJP Mili Hui Hai Bhai.... Ye Dono He Ek Dusre k Sath Hai... Congress BJP dono ek dusre ko chori chori Support kar rahi hai...
Easily understand  each & every point. Your thoughts on the topic at the right direction. We are a surplus in whet and rice. Farmers shift to pluses, chaana dal, ediable oil. It's good for them. Very informative video.  Thank u SG Sir
#standwithfarmers #farmersprotest
Yogi ji should take action in that people who support Taliban and lodge the case under uapa
Totally wrong i am following you guys from the beginning.. u r on the same path of godi media
The government should withdraw all three anti farmers laws.
Mahapanchayat is highjacked and turned into Tikaitpanchayat. Kisan movement is not for farmers but for Tikait's own panchayat.
Y india is gifting dem such an powerfull machine 2 dem...dey r already weak.....by gifting dem such things ....v r making taliban more strong, dey will use same thing against us...
3:04, Surjewala it is unfortunate that instead of educating farmers about the benefits of these laws, you and the entire anti-progressive political machinery used it for your personal agendas. Shame on you. 
I have many punjabi friends. I'm Mexicans. The best wishes for your fight. In Mexico we had the same problem but now we have an awesome President who cares about farmers. Corrupt politicians blinded by money
Why farmers are not allowing BJP to do panchayat? It's farmers fault. Don't blame police n BJP for the sake of blaming.
1. You mentioned farmer cannot sell its produce outside its Mandi.Please revisit your sources, that's outright incorrect.Farmers can and do sell their produce outside their mandis. Now i am not saying farmer from Punjab sells in Andhra, but then what to do with that flexibility.
I thanks BBC bcz u cover farmer protest in positive way otherwise according godi media we all farmers r terriest
No farmer no food 
farmers and get control of their little lands, and make you and your children enslaved for ever.
Hosting a Sikh flag on the ramparts if Red Fort is an insult to the the jawans who gave there everything for the country. It is insult to the nation's constitution, insult to first Prime Minister, and the Azad Hind Fauz. Only the Tricolour must be there in its full glory. These are not farmers, but are traitors on tractors who deserve jail
The previous governments have also not bothered to implement reforms & infrastructure for Farmers 
But in this new bill if the market price is 30rs and in contract the price is 20rs then also farmers are entitled to get above the market price only. Despite of having the contract they will get a better price according to the market price
This is what real 'Punjabiyat' feels like... Mad respect for those protesting farmers...
GODI MIDIA KO BATADO TICKET SAHAB BJP JEET RAHI HAE YA NAHI
1. what is the urgent need to bring ordinance after pandemic , and they said they have consulted ..if they consulted the farmer ,consult again and take a written note from those farmers who supported this ok
Hello sir, I am from harayana. Agree with your explanation. Farmers are literally crying. ye bill ek sword ki tarah h. Like jab tak cover me h to acha h when it will be applicable for farmers it will impact even a normal human being.
At this point,modi is making india to modia
Any  nation who is ruled by a government who doesn't show their gratitude and respect to farmers who provide them food, will not flourish in longevity.
Just 0.9 % farmers are large farmers in india....so even if 3 % benefit....thats a huge number...just keep pushing propaganda
Vox plzz covere more news about Indian farmer protest help Indian  farmer 
Sandeep bhai we the common people in cities should start bargaining in all supermarkets and chains . Its really shocking that the produce the farmers sell at 2 or 3 rupees is sold at 30 rupees in supermarkets or shops in the cities .
Farmers from 27 out 29 states are happy with this law. Itll be unfair to those states if we remove these farm bills. Ideally BJP should recommend these law to every states, explain the benefits, and let the state decide if they want to implement the law.
It shows that no one can divide the farmers 
support farm reform 
This is Government Who did Announce  2015 At November 8   the same  super PM Modi telling media that devaluation of currency who suffered poor farmers  and people in villages so modi said give me ninty days  if  not I resign but till today his not slow  the currency problems  farmers bill pass with in twenty four hours  Announce  they has parliament. also opposition  did not listen to them because only thing they majority in parliament they did not want  know  anybody they  the KING
One good thing out of this farm protests is Govt forced the "Left + NRI + Others" to spend money to continue this agitation and made their pockets leaner.  The financial strength of this eco-structure was made weaker.  If BJP totally gives up on farm reforms, then it will hurt it badly. Modi is no quitter. First attempt (surprising & forced farm laws) failed. Waiting for the second attempt by Modi.
Indian army will blow taliban
Intolerance is the charge against Indian Government by people supporting separatist slogans.
Suppose the MSP becomes legal, and no one can buy produce below MSP price and the MSP price of wheat is Rs 2,015 per quintal and suppose the cost of producing 1 quintal of wheat is let us assume 1600- 1800. So, in this case, the farmer is getting 400 to 200 odd rupees per quintal and somehow managing his working capital as well as personal needs. One day the crop is destroyed, and the quality of the crop is not up to the mark that it will get 2000/ quintal then in case of the situation where MSP is legal, nobody is going to buy his crop and he is going to be in a mess whereas if the MSP is not legal, there will be someone who is going to buy his produce on discounted rate and the farmer will not be in total loss.
Yet not cleared why are farmers protesting?
Farmers unity long live
its for all of u not just for a farmer or a political party
But for farmers...they selling tomato 2-5 per kg
I request Ravish and NDTV, Please make a show like "Kaun Banega Crorepati". Here ask objective questions in such a way that to make people or bhid as a citizen, I think this is the main purpose of NDTV and doing it very well. This can be effectively achieved from objective questions on politics, to burst fake news, real data of government policies in various departments, the real history of our old politicians like Nehure, Ambedkar, and many more. Because of price money, many peoples come to watch NDTV and other shows as well. Then they will realizewhat is thereal news. Just apply the poor economics principle byAbhijit Banerjee.
now no government will touch farming sectors and farmers will keep on committing suicide 
Back to the wonderful times of family suicides, BJP supports that along with Kisan andolan. Well played.
The BJP was getting the votes on the image of Mr Modi. Now onwards it will not be the same.
All the fears you've listed is for the farmers of Punjab only...
10 lakh people participate this protest ..bt national media not cover it properly...shame on indian national media..they cover only negativity..... good lalantop
I don't watch mainstream media, I am against fake news and hatred. Great work Scoop Whoop, thank you for showing ground report and current scenario of our beloved farmers.
Shame on yogi and modi
* Farm size- the average farm size in India is 1.3 hectare. While in Australia its 800 hectare, Argentina 518 hectare, Canada 315 hectare, US 250 hectare, UK 86 hectare, so the average Indian farmer only has 1/50 - 1/500 of the land a farmer elsewhere will exploit, to generate an income.
Farmers have rights to protest against the government. And
Kerjriwal is right. Proud to our all India Farmers.
These were "Commission Brokers"  Communist.. Not Farmers.
1.4 billion, half of the workforce is agricultural... please mention that these protests are only from Punjab Haryana. Not from the entire country
We stand in side  of farmers
BJP government's Focus is on the Election. But its a big day for the poor farmers of India....
Farm bills and Yuri Bezmenov's lecture are 2 most viewed video of this channel and irony is, that they both go hand-in-hand with each other.
India is totally different from China, originally CCP was mainly made up by farmers, Mao was a leader of farmers, over 95% of Chinese Red army were farmers, CCP mainly dependent on farmer used rural surrounding cities to finally take over the national power, and China's farmers are China's back borne.  it is a tradition that CCP central committee Politburo every year issue a Number 1 document at the beginning of the year, it is about farmer and agriculture. Xi JP put "get rid of rural farmers poverty" as his first priority when he became the president, many top provincial leaders were fired for them could help the farmers lift from poverty effectively. 
abhi MSP Petrol DIesel EMployment .... asli kheer toh wo hai... BJP RSS lost its credibility..nd trust.... lets kick modi out of this... we dont trust congress too.... we need a farmers and labours party in india for 2023
Rather than praying to animal we better pray for farmer to get good health and good crops to save nation and help  us free from malnutrition
I think the problem could've been easily solved if the farmers were willing to talk on a point-to-point basis, and didn't directly demand the total deletion of these bills.
This shows victory of Khalistan over Mootstan
4. share center vision with farmers so they should call in what's best for this country
The same fate happened to Australian farmers, deregulation of the dairy market in the 2000s with milk prices, the small size farms could not make ends meet against the big corporations who have dominance on pricing. From 88% in Victoria state in 1983 with deregulation in the 2000s to just 33 % now as dairy farms collapsed. Minimum Support Price also is not mentioned in the law bills, so it can turn too horrible for farmers.
All indian humens are with farmer 
This is what happens when rats (if you know who I am talking about) enter a protest and turn it into a riot for their own agenda.  Almost every protest has become this. To those real hard working farmers out there use your pesticides to remove those type of people who take the opportunity to do harm more than help through your protest.
Now farmers can live in poverty like Congress era like in old days and news channel can reports farmers suicides daily.
This is for punjab election
I cant see any farmer. But i can see lot of anarchists ready to declare war against the state.
jab ye job laga hoga to he must have said that he is a farmers son and aage jo ager ye election ladega to bolega that he is s farmers son.baki bich me jiski lathi uski bhes
Farmers already could sell ( before these 3 bills) to private sellers dude , in which world are you living PRATIK?
Stand with Farmers 
Soon you will again be doing post election analysis with fellow comrades like Yogendra Yadav and admitting that despite your best efforts you could find nothing against Modi Government. Similarly, that biggest farmer of India, Yogendra Yadav will again be cursing the people for voting overwhelmingly for Modi.
The fall or rise in demand creates a unequal platform for farmers: the farmers are unaware of when to plants crops which are in demand or otherwise.
Nice indians now facin' problem with its own farmer and we , Bangladesh, are takin' advantage of it. 
These people are not called farmers they are called terrorists 
But what about us....we supported farm laws....plz amend them in up
Thank you for covering farmers
Be with farmers  we wanna wipe out the extremist party BJP in india
Getting power by force is not the way for international recognition. It is very difficult for me to understand how a nation can support an organisation who were involved in the massacre of Rawalpindi school. I pray for the Afghan people and request Pakistan citizens to condemn their government for supporting any form of terrorism.
I am not a Farmer ,  THIS is the Grand Protest OF India ,  Salute to these People. FULL SUPOORT ,Jai Hind
11:36 Rp Singh ji, I challenge you please visit any village of Patiala district and see yourself what farmers want here 
Path is being laid for big companies like Pepsico, Reliance etc to take huge agricultural produces for their products. Soon, we wont be able to buy potatoes or basic food at regular prices. Farmers will earn what they are earning now, but common man will buy burgers instead of making their own home food at high prices. Transformation of India into US.
MODI SHOULD WAKEUP AND TAKE STRICT ACTION. WHY PUBLIC AND MEDIA ALSO SLEEPING ON THIS ISSUE
Khalistan Zindabad . .the Flag of Khalistan was raised high over the red fort
Next year u.p....election BJP out
Mr ankit I challenge u on this debate u r mould by fake news by  gvt propeganda I bet u as normal farmer
The history will remember them and look back at this glorious unity support farmers
Thank you Ajit Anjumji  for your painstakingly truthful journalism. You deserve special commendations for taking the genuine issues of hardworking  farmers.  May God bless you and keep you safe and healthy.
Don't be surprised if Akshay plays a lead role in a farmers protest and wins against the fascist government.
Modiji firstly finish these traitors.. We are with u ..they are getting money why will they go  home.. Pite bina bhoot bhagega nahi
Pattern of selling everything and benefiting certain businessman played a key role in farmers protest.
BJP terrorists ke bacche bhi terrorists!
Farmers?? Sachhi me ??
Example are pakistan , Bangladesh( both was part of india) kasmir and many indian place.
Election result made him humble . Modi is saying "desh ke liye karr Raha hu " ...replace word  desh with 'Adani ' , the exactly what he meant.
Fight Farmers....fight fight fight!!!
Arnab are you apologizing too? Remember the various programmes you did on farmers, Sushant. Hope you do? You are losing TRP , you are royally exposed...of course your watsapp chat are there. KARMA.
All over the India farmers are protesting.....there may be a reason right?.......
If you want to end the Taliban, then you HAVE to address Pakistan.
I voted for modi and not BJP
MODI and Shah Fall To The Knees BEFORE Farmers Hats of for Farmers
Government should consults it first with Farmers before implementation..
To which group of farmer they are actually saying-1.Those 4% rich traders 
*@PRINT* One rather thinks that the key lesson for BJP is that *_Ways are as Important than Ends, if not more_* . They will get more skilled about it, there is no doubt. This 2010+ New BJP has the right intent & mental-muscle needed for India's Prosperity, they must/will succeed.
Support Maoist and farmers of India
2) Farmers can sell their goods anywhere. Big farmers can benefit from it, but small farmers any way don't go to mandi's. But it's governments way to get out of farming business and selling to private companies means facing the ups and downs of the market. Government will not intervene by giving any subsidy or help for procurement. 
Police shoot the one farmer ...shame delhi police
Just imagine if all those farmers stop producing food for the country.
So if you look at the whole picture, America has failed on both fronts. It failed on the political front and Pakistan became a Chinese puppet and failed in the battlefield against the Taliban.
Farmers will win because they have god blessing 
Government oversight should not be reduced. The farming sector must be capitalized. This is should be balanced. The death of farmers is because of lack of farming education, corruption, maleficence and no government assistance.
I can't see female farmers. Feminists where you at?
This decision is good for short term but it will effect farmers in long term.
We stand with farmers. 
Wrong example set by Modi.. he should have passed MSP bill rather than repealing farm laws.. now all 370 lovers and CAA NRC haters are feeling excited.. new protests are coming up..
shout out for the Farmers had a putting food on your table!!!!!
While no one can defend demonetization but if talking abt GST thn talks were going abt 2 decades so i don't know wht more consultation were needed and while all thing being said abt how complex or arduous is GST being entrepneur nd hav 1st hand experience it's been lot easier nd lot less cumbersome then previous regime nd also less rate of tax as compare to earlier being small business it matters a lot, and talking abt adhaar it has actually been big success in stopping leakages  nd providing direct benefit who need nd ample research hav been done by UN agencies and other NGO of its benefits so i don't see. How it was disaster??? Also while you have enumerated d experience of freeing farmers APMC in bihar bt you conveniently haven't talk abt it's success in maharashtra so to give complete picture so to say. It's not always black and white sumtimes it grey also in fact most of d time  which need 2 b presented as such
PROTEST IS CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT. ROADS ARE NOT PERSONAL PROPERTY OF ANY ELECTED GOVERNMENT. POLICE OR AUTHORITIES ARE THERE TO MAINTAIN LAW AND ORDER BUT NOT TO GIVE RISE TO EVENTS OR ANY CICUMSTANCES TO BREAK ANY ORDER. IT IS A SHAME THAT FARMERS WERE STOPPED IN HARYANA. THANKS TO HARYANA PEOPLE WHO HELPED AND SUPPORTED PUNJAB FARMERS.
Can you explain why only farmers form Punjab are protesting?
India is a democratic country here  Government is elected by the people.  What that lady  speaking on behalf of the BJP wants to mean  ? They have not come in power with the people 's vote ? Only  they have the right to do whatever they like . Every political party has the equal rights to speak against any kind injustice if done against the people by the Government.  What they would do if it would happen during  Congress regime? How they have forgotten so  soon  what they did  on Nirbhya's killing ?
Sir apse  ek or detail video bnaye haryana or delhi ke kesano me bhi darr bna hua h ,jinke pass 4 se 10 kile h hume phle hi kam milta h ab bilkul marr jayenga, I trust our pm but bcs not have clear view about this I m not able to convince my father ,chacha and father in law  n his brother ,even not the educated, service people of my family getting the clear view ,I have read the bill on internet but not able to understand full of it .pls pls pls explain it more clearly, koi kh raha h MP me ye already lagu h or log ro rhe h kyi saalo se
On Behalf of Farmers from India we Thank you BBC  India Media are sold out to BJP . 
Farmers will ask for these bills themselves in a few years
The people of Afghanistan will never accept being ruled by this terrorist group.  In time everyone will see how determined the Afghan people are. Taliban will be sorry.
Sir just one question, why this same system failed in west. US had similar system for few decades. Result- only 2 % of US population left in Agriculture and they are surviving on huge subsidies. Bottom line is when you leave small farmers to fend for themselves in trade with corporate they are bound to suffer. Govt can have a simpler solution of ensuring MSP on crops on rotation to introduce crop diversity. If farmers get price assurance on maize and not on rice in the market, they wont grow it. Likewise every 2-3 years govt can rotate this. It will address Govt problem of surplus, will ensure crop diversification, open up innovation in farming and farmers will get assurance that they will not be looted in the market.
What kind of farmer goes for vandalism and killing people in a barberic way... 
Feeling very much proud of you PRIME MINISTER JAGATPITA NARENDRA MODIJI. Let the idiots enjoy this surgical strike. We will see the results, very soon.
Salute PM Justin Trodoue   we love you for your support to farmers and world peace and Human rights   
Pakistan is Always with Khalistan Sikhs And at this situation whole Pakistan support  Farmers!! 
I will support the farmer protest when real farmers come not UPA workers
A govt is made to tc of the people but what they did is injustice and everything has a limit.... ... farmer's have lost their Patience.......I cannot blame our Farmers. ....... becoz Govt is responsible for whatever happened
Modi's next step will be to withdraw from the WTO; otherwise, India needs to pay billions of dollars as compensation to the EU, the USA, and Canada.
Farmers Want their Earnings high but they doesn't want any modification and Laws...Basic Infrastructure like Cold Storage, Irrigation etc are important...By repelling these laws Farmers may lost the freedom to sell their crops at their will....Also Some Modification is needed in the laws...Wait and Watch for the next  Move.
Chacha bookish economy aur farming ke field m bht farq hota hai .khash krke farmer exploitation ko rokne ke liye 
These same farmers who most benefited from green revolution 
i wacting live now on india today her reporter sandhu live show us damege buses than show us kisan catch the dehli police cop who damege these buses kisan show his id but india closed the live streaming because he was dehli cop but if he reletting to kisan morcha then it should be breaking news shame on inday today group. aaj tak godi media
No farmers no food .
I am from West Bengal, the state produces Dhan .... Why farmers here get MSP in organized manner
This will make the farmers more stronger and stronger.
SG , your analysis was spot on and has been vindicated today vide Modi's declaration that the farm laws will be withdrawn.
Modi government wanted to improve farmer's lives. If they do not they would not risk their vote bank.
I really like your videos, but if I may say this, I would have liked more from this video...the political angle- the way the bills were bulldozed and how there were no prior consultations with the farmers. Perhaps adding why the fear of the farmers about the big corporations and contract farming are not unfounded should have been included. Maybe because these are short videos and these are complex topics you could not get into the details but I would have liked more points, maybe about how the various states which did away with the act have fared, etc. this video really did help me in understanding what the laws theoretically aim at or are, but i think it did gross injustice to the practical aspects and also it generalized things a little too much. But otherwise i really like your videos.
never happen in USA  SAME AS NEVER HAPPEN in India worts RAJA ever  Democratic shame in india same work do BJP IN INDIA  GOD BLESS FARMERS
We Pakistani spourt our kisan brother
Yet another winning strategy of Modiji. Time will tell.
God bless our farmers.
Please make a comparison video on farm reforms with USA, Canada, Australia and India
wajha kuch bi bolo" farmers ek rahe  lage rahe ". ...... great work   sikho  Owaisi , CONG,  OTHER PARTIS  shuld also lern  in UP, PUNJAB  elections "SAB EK HO JAO"
We know about other nations situation as well. So these laws will definitely not work in favour of farmers. See what adani did in Himachal.
Taking some highlighted portions from the three acts and presenting a narrative- You made a good video under 8 minutes but it only covers partial facts. These 3 farm laws cannot affect MSP system which is not bound by any legal provisions. It is a policy of the government and MSP has only increased in India over the years. APMC has legal backing and its passed by State Legislators. This central law cannot nullify that. Also if MSP is guaranteed in APMC, why would someone sell out of it? What percentage of Farmers have APMC coverage? Apmcs does not cover an entire state and some states doesnt have Apmc acts. 
Finally anti-farmers won and true farmers loss....shameful.....
Jolt in modi head.....Vajpyee sir didnt succeed farmers wrath.who is this modi
In the name of farmer protest they are now defaming India . Such a shame .
They r not farmers
Congratulations to the all respected martyred farmers, remained brave farmers those who broke the stubborn, selfish, arrogant & tyrant government. Special thanks for this historic triumph to  Shri Anjit anjum sir for your selfless reporting, showing truth to all Indian public. Wish you all for safe journey.
Rahul Baba or Modi Dada, journalists cannot take sides in a Democracy. Credit to the Farmers for All the Sacrifices they made n Inconveniences they underwent.
The way Afghan Army officers, trained by Indian at Indian military academies, are surrendering to Taliban, putting a big question mark at the training standard. 
No words our great farmers who stood for their rights and brother hood this will mentioned in world and nation history
When you bring or send old and senior citizens farmers/parents to the Protest sites  then obviously you can't guarantee their safety...becoz they are vulnerable to cold, hot, infections, diseases etc...
Our most famous PM said they failed to explain how these farm laws are good for County and farmers. But is it so? If yes then why bill was passed forcefully?
Next level documentary with amazing cinematic shots! Really impressed to see this quality of documentary done by Indian Media! 
for facilitating fair inter-State and intra-State trade and commerce of scheduled farmers
Congratulations to all Kishan n mazdoor.... Jo v morche de hak check c
A very good decision by farmers.
The farmers with tractors are rich farmers & getting full  benefit of MSP earning  non taxable income
China will support your khalistan freedom forever,remember ,sihk people enemy is india not China,1984 Indira evil action get karma,but sihk people not get justice.Many sihk sodier in ladahk stand off,you be used as cannon fodders of India,just see what happened in delhi and the police beat your bothers and familys,you should know what the direction of you guns.
The most nonsensical clause is that the farmer can sell their crop anywhere. So a small scale Punjab/Haryana farmer who merely has less than 10 acres on average will hire cargo aircrafts and take his wheat and rice to Tamilnadu/Gujarat???
Sucide Bombing too can not be ruled out by Break India Brigade always on Road with Tikait inspired by Congress ,Aap from day one .
Thanks for wide explanation. As far I think these farmers reforms bills will not effect badly on farmers. .so these protests are being carried out by some middle men like commission agents and hijacked by politics and antisocial elements. .Nothing else. .if someone feels some gray areas of the bills it can be resolved by peaceful process by Central Government and farmers. .I agree with your concerns about 3rd law about special commodity it can be further define by taking stringent steps like enactment of law stronger more. .
Abey  ravish... Joota, kapada, metals, fruits wood, glass, crafts or any other material how is transferred from one place to another place, that industry are growing more faster than agriculture and farmer...... Kabhi toh postive ho jao, not a fan of any just trying to understand what's wrong with this bill, brokers and govt of state are getting upto 8% intrest on farmers production.
I m the Farmer... and I Am in Support of Bill.
What about 6 bjp memebers and one driver , they were also killed, quint  show the whole story, these are not farmers they are anti nationals
Victory of farmers against ravana
In Indian politics, bad reforms get support lobbies as there are interested parties while good reforms are held at ransom as there are a few dissenters. Another case of powerfuls within a segment winning over the marginalized. Rich farmers of Punjab and Haryana with the middle men (aarthiyas) winning the case against ignorant and misguided marginalized farmers from other states.
Long Live Indian Farmers ..
Why the farmers don't have a cooperation?
If that silent farmers become violent ,the police become just a photo on walls there house
shame on you, Modi BJP.
Bjp is from india
Farmers, protest is no use. Naxalite is the future of India. Support country Naxalite and its government. Naxalite is always with you to alleviate poverty and ensure equal human rights.
The farmers of India sheding more tears than the tear gas can make.
*two heavy weights of Punjab and Maharashtra were ruined by this bill.*
Please send taliban supporters to  afghanistan.
The problem is pm Modi is too nice. BJP must  focus to eradicate internal threats.
Tikait ji has great understanding of farmer and all other issues and of politics. Nagpur se hi yeh naag jhooth bolna, zehar ugalna aur unmaad failana seekhate hain. Yeh 2 rupaye wale chote saanp sikhate hain
Sorry mate, unlike your previous work, this one was a very fluffy video. Farming is a business like most other businesses and should be treated as such, how can country have such a high proportion of population(40% +) employed in producing food?  In my home state punjab, wheat and rice is mostly supported by MSP, we are heavily reliant on pumping ground water to grow rice, which is not suitable to punjab climate and has water table has dropped dramatically; so that is also a tragedy waiting to happen.
Millions of love and support to our brave farmers 
I agree with Mr Iyer Modi has not done this for votes.Sikh vs India perception was running  riot among common people
Truly disappointed now only Punjab and Haryana will enjoy others will suffer... I can't imagine repercussions of this fall out so many business ventures will take a hit and agro tech economy will slow down .
Sandip Chaudhary and Ravish Kumar real truth hero of India Bharat Journalist
2) Was he going to double the income by giving guarantee to the farmer?
No farmers no food 
It is right time for all Indian to united along with farmers to protest against privatsation.Pls look at the price rise in fuel to all commodities.corpoate companies are become rich and hardworking people become poor under BJP leadership. Farmers has open the eyes of others.this is wake up call....
As this Bill was in UPA's agenda as well shouldn't scrutinize these bills because Modi got them implemented
And if don't know, I let you know that out of 37 states and union territories only farmers of 2-4 states are protesting against this...
Thanks for coverage farmer protest
What an good reply to godi media.
As a maharashtrian farmer I want to say, this is the most stupid decision taken by the government. Here in Maharashtra most of the farmers don't prefer to sell their crops in mandis as the price we get there is 40-60% lower as compare to the market price. Most of us sell our goods to the private merchants or middleman to get at least justiciable price. Mandis are helpful only when you got no buyers and the season is coming near end. Otherwise it is useless.
Don't know about the implications of these farm laws, but if govt don't control price rise of essential goods including diesel and cooking gass future looks bleak for bjp.
The corporates will give very good rates initially, then all the farmers will sell only to corporates.
I wont be agree as reliance is such a big company it can easily offer more money to the farmers for years (like how it did in the telecom industry) and that way the APMC will just die out.
Both BJP and opposition parties killed farmers for political gains .
All THESE YEARS, HEWAS LIVING FOR HIS CLOSE AIDES WHOM HE HAS CONVERTED THEM INTO MULTIBILLIONAIRES DURING THESE YRS OF HIS RULE, FINISHED THE MIDDLECLASS AND ALMOST STRANGLED THE POOR AND MARGINAL FARMERS.GOD IS GREAT. HE KNOWS HIS WAYS.
Main target Upcoming Punjab election 2022. Politic card.
They are not farmer they are extremist
Stop the new farm law, indian government, Modi regime!
Unemployment 7%, Inflation 13.5%, 84% Families income decreased, Billionaires increased from 102 to 142 in Corona times, per OXFAM. Modi gambled Economy like a Bad Son of a family.
"NOBODY IN THIS WORLD IS MORE PATIENT THAN A FARMER"
Yes owasi openly support taliban.his mentality is same like taliban
To torture Farmers is barbarian act of Indian present government and their legitimate issues would be resolved amicably and lawfully.
Taliban should think first about the respect and support from worldwide for there refreshed new  Taliban Regime as they declared than to capture Panjshir.
Why other state farmer aren't part of protest ??? Bcs the the middle man from Punjab and haryana fear the loss.
Note it, now no one is gonna take the initiative to make any amendment in any farmer law at least for the next decade . Well done poor minded rich farmers u won 
So you can imagine what chaos is on Singhu Border and what we are going through daily. They are thugs not farmer 
Few months back there were protests on small scale. The farmers were demanding Atleast 22 per litre of milk.  ( a rise of roughly 2 from the previous price). We get milk at 48-50/ litre. 
I am always   with u sir, I also think msp must be there with our farmers. 
Congratulations taliban u have done it love u may Allah help u  lot of love from lahore Pakistan 
If PM made repeal the law earlier, Election results wil not be like the present
If violence is the only way to get attention of the common people and international media then I am proud what farmers did was right and I would have done the same thing
Not everything should be seen from the perspective of economics. Such thought process is good for Western countries, especially the United States where the current liberal economic policies originate from. India is a land of 1billion plus population, majority of whom are farmers. Additionally, every state has its own manner of farming depending on the weather patterns, cultural dynamics and set historical patters. Now when economists such as the interviewee try to impose their western economic models, where agriculture is practised in a different manner, they are bound to get disappointed. In India, every state should have it's own farm laws, customized to the local farming practises. We should not always look to the west for progress but can develop our own model based on our circumstances.
Godi media channels are not showing it
Wallah it brings tears in eyes... Love from Pakistan for all the farmers all around India  Respect for them 
Sorry Zee News Punjab is a part  of India.
I feel sad.. people are not aware bills kis cheej pe hain aur farmers kya chahte hain aur  kyu ho raha protest
Farmers will gherao ur republic tv office very soon.
This is ill informed post on so many levels. Its 0.03% of the total farmers of India. Other 99.97% farmers are finally relieved and supporting long overdue reforms that will end farmer debts and suicides the the old system put them in for decades. Also, minimum price guarantee clause has not changed and will continue. Please do your homework well.
Some lawyer going to court against farmer law ....plz make vedio on his point ...everybody should known about basic of that case 
The truth is out after the Video were a Jeep ran over farmers.  Dictatorship will not work in India Godse ke Bhakton
Smallholder farmers, who grow the food that keeps us alive, are some of the poorest people in the world. How can this be just? We stand with you.
Looks like farmers got what they deserved. If they see benefit of these laws then they should come forward and raise their voice in favour. If they dont stand up for themselves and remain indulged in petty politics, then nothing will change.
Keep the momentum girl, invite abuse and insult from BJP, that will be the propeller. LK Advani resigned when his initial were found Jain diary
Farm law was in farmer interest but politics in this country will never allow anything in the benefit of farmers. No political party is really interested in the benefit of farmers.
AAP party is great people should support the kishan movement.
If these laws are so bad then why only Punjab farmers are protesting ,  does other states are not having farms..!
Great victory for farmers.Historic.Mofi should also apologies to families of more than 600 farmers that died in this protest.
So basically the entire Agricultural Infrastructure and Mandis of Punjab, Haryana and Western UP going down the shitter which exists since the green revolution.
Very good planning all farmers will greatly benefit.....
Even if a helicopter is seized  which was gifted by India ... modi needs to be in the pic  
Bjp then : passing farm laws is a masterstroke.
Police is  aggressive and You blame Kishan You are now a GODI Media India today Group 
Against the terrorist Taliban . If the world support Taliban one day Terrorists will conquer the whole World
godi media also show fake new 
Quite an insightful analysis- Increase in paddy n wheat production even though helped India come out from the 'begging bowl' position of 60's - has also made her the center of diebeticians n BP patients- Both paddy n wheat with its near NIL fibre content- floods the blood with sugar within half an hour of meal consumption- so the need of the hour - other than shifting to oilseed production in a great way to also go for higher cultivation of millets with higher fibre content like, little millet, foxtail millet, kodo millet, browntop millet etc. which are not at all water intensive and hence doesn't need fertilizers n pesticides and which have much more market price. 
You are advising public to purchase directly from farmers. But do mandi agents will allow it to happen? If agents allow it, mandi has to be closed.
Majority of Indians voted for a Govt. to run a country on behalf of us. We should support all the steps made by them, at least 5 years.Democracy doesnt mean revolts.
Ye national security ke chalte decision Liya but sad about the farmers
Who was that blind man without any mind who run over these many farmers and that gay who says ki sudhar jai I think hes saying to farmers if he is saying to farmers then why didnt he came to protest huh let us welcome you with sticks and swards
Dirty politics of BJP. They made & passed the laws without discussing with the farmers. They remained adamant when the farmers protested. Now after many farmers died, they declare that they will repeal the laws. I regret of voting for this party. I swear I will never vote for this party.
Dekho farmers ko environment ki bhi baat karni chahiye not only political stuff
Using farmers is just cheap and makes no sense
I don't understand why poor farmers are still blindfolded? The problem with gov is that they don't discuss with farmers before taking any actions in farm bills. It's all clear that they did this for election only. Previously, they also ignored covid for election only that means winning election is supreme choice for any gov...... It's disgusting  I hope for real nd educated nd true government.
Pakistan, China, Taliban n Russia outclassed india from Afghanistan...... This is ISI for youpakistan zindabad.... What a game
Kisan movement is gathering momentum every day. Now it has become a country wide mass movement. Regrettably govt at Delhi is yet to realise the gravity of the situation. Farmers are not going to back out come what may. Govt has no other alternative but to repeal the three farm laws. Earlier it is done is better for all.
This farmer protest is going to be Indian revolution
Farmers of North India 
I support Indian farmers.
Dear farmer brothers from Haryana and Punjab we keralites are with u.u feed this nation being a consumer state we are eating the food  becoz you people are there.pls keep bjp away next time.jai kisan jai javan
But in UN - taliban is not terrorist -56 inch.
Media house bik gya h.koi ruaral party se questions pucha to use anti national batane lagte h.petrol ke price, black money pe ye aaj v Congress party se hi question puchte h.kisan desh ki shan . please kisan bhaiyo ko support kijiye .
Thank you farmers for showing millennials, on Internet they can only Troll, real results can be brought on ground with real efforts.
The sad part is 90% of the population don't know that 70 farmers died in this protest just because they follow mainstream media. It's sad and disappointing
Who will buy American Apples for $5 if Indian Apples are available for $2 ? To prevent this from happening and Losing Monopoly, Foreign Nations are fuding these Fraudulent Protests to keep India backward and India's Agricultural sector stalled. This is why you see Global support from Rihanna, Greta, All Backed by International elements etc. Without knowing this, Some people foolishly support these Protests.
God... every day my respect for farmers keeps increasing....gotta admit that this country is standing because of her farmers and her soldiers ...salute to both of them
Agar MSP h to I support bill
ghatiya reporting, not that I support modi  , but these reporter are nonsense .
Agree it's not about APMC or Open market, it's about the concerning statutes which need a lot of work to help our farmers if we really want to help them.
Supporter of farmers 
They lost public trust  and proved that they are not farmers and  they havnt any   give and take from farming  
I rate Modi not less than Shivaji Maharaj, Modi is taking diverse linguistic, casteist and regions of divided India of 21st century. At the time of Shivaji, he had all powers to eliminate such opposing mindset, where as Modi is tolerant enough aspersions in democratic India 
There is a word in South those who protest against these farm bills are rich farmers is it true??
We support farmer protest against three black law
Lack of knowledge from farmers side cant be blamed on government. They should fight for themselves of laws are made for them
Now, read (youll get in the history books of our freedom struggle) why, Gandhi revolted at Champaran in 1915-16 against similar laws where farmers were forced by British to do Indigo cultivation.
Reality is that 90% small farmers who couldn't afford leaving their fields in any season would suffer loss while the 10% who got foreign funding ,  had to gain political milage and wanted to create chaos to show their domninance would be benefited.
Those who are writing negative comments....these  farmers are people who worked day night so that country has not beg beforeforeign countries...Shame on insensitive attitude of a stupid government...
Owaisi is the greatest leader of India. We Muslims always support to Owaisi. Our vote only for Aimim
Very well explained. Now i feel that the ongoing protest holds considerable ground for the farmers to raise their voice against it as the acts are not full proof in their targetted aim.
What you have done and said today takes so much humility and courage. Though the laws were beneficial, at least many south Indian farmers believe so, you have taken a huge step Sir by repealing. To rethink decisions made with so much hard work, to undo what one does takes a different kind of substance. 
If no farmers no food in our
These are not at all farmers
Taliban may be asking India to send its rotors (par)... .. Ye bina par ky helicopter gift kia tha kia.. Baniey bhot kanjos hen ..
India hv some talibani supporters, they should be treated strictly.
Video me saff dikh rha h Apni jaan bachane k liye BJP kryakrtao ne gadi chda di. Apni jaan bachne k liye log Goli bhi chla dete h. These are not farmers. Govt ne farmers law postponed kr rkhe h to ye protest kyu kr rhe h.
Phle unhone 5 farmers pe gadi chda Di to unhone unki gadi jlai. Bekau zee news modi ke chmche .bike hue Reporters same on you Zee news
Farmer bill need improvement in it. 
The bill after the elections. 
Let us hope the repeal of farmers laws does not set a bad precedent Kashmiris will now ask for imposition of article 370 again and Muslims for withdrawal of CAA law Will modi now repeal these laws also
Why the top BJP leaders keeping their mouth shut? None other than they might have taken huge favor from the corporates. If the leaders open their mouth in favor of farmers, then corporates open their loud mouth against BJP leaders. that's it. The BJP top are helpless or die........
Addaaaniiii who was waiting to earn profits by these laws, waits to shoot these farmers, lead to their death, and thinks that he is the real farmer!! #nooffense
I think it's not compulsory to farmers in supplying to Big Bulls everytime. So, if these companies start exploiting farmers and consumers, farmers can shift to better options in competitive race.
If these bills come up with such excess Discussion so why voice vote is required to pass in the lok sabha , shame on u mam why u r doing this u just doing back stabbing to the common man who votes for don't make this government an authoritorian regime , people only want a stable govt who work for the people not a monarchy that u and your party thinking yourselves learn form congress they also have the same ego like u have now see what happens to them people just ripped off the oldest and largest party to end ,the same happen to u as well one day your ego comes to an end this is only done by the people of my country because the are the real owner of this country not u man ,u don't have the guts to face them if u think yourselves as a leader then go and talk to the farmers
Farmer protests and their impact on Indian politics, explained: https://youtu.be/BzQSs51cl48
This could also be a deal between Capt. and BJP. In order for Capt.'s support, the BJP will have to withdraw.
next 2024 no elections only next pm Would be modi only kings rules
Standing with farmers india 
Hence, these must be repealed, the government agreed to amend 90% of the bill which means that they are wrong so why are they enforced?
Now, you can more visibly realize that these three bills are for Ambanis like corporates and in no way for the farmers.
This is win of Anarchy over democracy. Protesting farmers were not even 5% of total farmers.
These are new 'Black Laws' not reforms for farmers.
Just see the pattern. Just watch the last few videos. Just after a break, this guy has joined godi media bandwagon
Long live Indian farmers. This is the true Republic Day parade! Modi government should step down in shame!
You should have covered the topic of how Haryana police treated farmers when their approach was peaceful ,they just wanted to protest in delhi just like other dharnas in jantar mantar.
Kisan demands just right demand for future of seventy percent of Indian People.
YES, farm law is important but it also needs to be revise as per farmers demand 
5) Shame the politics behind farmer agitation and support our brothers without any inherent bias
This will now show the way for other bills to be blocked. Block Roads. Repeal Bills.
Akalis are responsible for putting Punjab in to drugs. They are crying now because this new bill eliminates middlemen which means akalis loose money. That's why all this drama
Thanks to think about farmers
Never Again BJP For 700 indian Farmer
Desh ke har insaan ko iss mudde ko sochna samjhna chahiye.......ye koi mazak nhi h it's all about our farmers the spine of country......Corona time me jb Economy Negative 23 per thi tab agriculture ne hi sahara diya tha aur bewakoof Log NITI ayog me baith gaii h kya .....kuch to theek se socho yr
you guys are same for the country.  election harne ke dar se kanoon hi badal dia govt ne.  usko support karoge.   by hook n by crook.  n BBC has wasted  my time with this video.
I'm from Bengal and i wish i could be there. my support goes out to everyone who are staying in the cold asking the government to just listen a bit. we are India. we are in this together. I'm proud of everyone who is for the truth. Jai Hind.  
Yes it's right to protest by farmers
Second example is PEPSICO we know that this company also had issue with farmers for selling their potato to other players which was not legal by the contract.
I don't get one thing that farmers will go to open market for sales only when MSP is lesser than that. The specialist has not given any other model.
It was waiting time of UP election ,major state producing country 's Heads. As such the withdrawal of the krishi bill !    ,            !!
Farmers will benifit, but common people will have to spend a lot. govt ll not educate the farmers
This is incredible #farmersprotest Chardi Kala. Kisan Ekta!
Opposition: Let's mislead farmers and milk some votes
Sir, you are such a learned person and with a whole lot of experience under your belt. You are one of those people who questions the government because you believe in an ideology, based on years of learning through experience, literature, history and not for the sake of asking questions. But I am very sorry to say that your analysis is so wrong at so many levels on this. What you are rejoicing at sir, is the victory of kisan netas of selective states who held the democracy hostage for approximately 1 year. Take a pause and think about this. At times, these protests became violent and now has overpowered the elected representatives of people of this country. Would you, a staunch believer of democracy and constitution rejoice if our democracy succumbs to such protests? Sir, you are a student of Indian polity and know it very well that even if the current government was ethically incorrect and ramrodded the bill, they still had the numbers to overpower any opposition by calling a joint parliamentary session. If you say you believe in constitution, then you shouldve denounced the whole act of kisaan netas here instead of rejoicing! And now when govt. (who is equally responsible for this debacle) has pulled the plug on these reforms, we can all kiss goodbye to any agri reform for next 25 years, at the least, and so can the 80 %  poor farmers of this country, who couldve become part of free market economics. This is victory of kisaan netas and dont tell me that you didnt know that Mr. Tikait was having his one eye on election all along.
Farmers              Subsidy 
They have no sympathy for poor farmers
This godi media anchor is giving news so politely. He doesn't show courage to speak loudly against Modi kutta
Now everyone is a farmer in this comment section or somehow related to them ...those farmers have been protesting for 10 months by being out of their comfort while you're sleeping with your A.C on and criticising like you know all ...most of the people here don't do their own research and just watches 2 or 3 video about it or read it in social media ..you guys don't have your own opinion..others opinion have been imposed on you ..try to think for yourself instead of letting others do for you
3 Laws should be improved instead of repeal. punjab aur UP ke addtiyon ko andolan ki jeet mubark ho.Tiket & Yudhvir gang misguided the innocent farmers who neber red 3 laws even...
Well Pakistan would be very happy if india sends their troops there
Godi media shame on this channel.
What's wrong with bringing a parallel market, why allow APMC have monopoly ? Congress told they would bring the changes in Bill from 1991, but bjp did it. Why opposing now?
Good lesson for BJP and Modi's arrogance. Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas Sabka Vishvas shouldn't remain a mere slogan. BJP and its supporters are foolish to think there would be no consequences of divisive politics.
Why Kisan politics still found only in U.P.&HINDI SPEAKING STATES ?.In INDIA  poor farmers of North East, East, West, Southern states not getting involved  . Rich farmers want to take special advantage from Central Govt by Vote Bank Democracy. Dangerous trend to Democracy!!!
In the present situation, middle men are eating most of the money of farmers since dey buy agriculture goods for very low price and sell it fa higher. But according to new bill. He can sell it directly to corporates fa higher prices, but the thing is MSP should be continued. Even in the covid condition agriculture GDP is +4.6 where as other sectors are in negatives Giving better pricing for the farmers produce would bring miracles in agriculture.There are pros n cons... Whatever but farmers have to b benifitted.
It's just Punjabi farmers, which is why you see all the international protesters who are Sikh's, whose home province is Punjab.
These are farmers?? . they are doing such gundagardi .The farmers in my state are taking care of their farms.
It'll be great if our farmers can be diversified their produce. But, to achieve that one shouldn't bring & pass a law without proper communication with farmers then ask them that this is good for them & they should accept these. A better solution is the way SG said Govt should incentive them & educate them so that farmers from their side can able to see the benefits & gradually get shifted to those areas also. But, in no way it should be forceful.  
Ravish Kumar you must clear what you think of Taliban! Taliban are terrorists or political party in your opinion?
Now this person has changed his opinion...He is the same person who supported the farm laws.
Farmers contribute about 16% of GDP of this country. Bycott new laws
All those love Taliban pls send them to Afghanistan and Pakistan.
But question also is if there was ever a support from a section of farmers, they should have come out in the open, since they kept quiet, now its all gone.
Govt is a failure in explaining this bill properly to the farmers.
If farmers want to live decent life they should go for industry status.
Well. Can this be the speech of a Prime Minister, I wonder. His speech however truly exhibits his Chaewala origin. Modi's suo moto action & instantaneous declaration is completely a mismatch to the basic tenet of democracy both in terms of government' duty & peoples' rights which are the primary to any democracy. Consider for example, the three Farm Acts were introduced unilaterally & taken back following the same route. Modi's allegiance to democracy had always been next to zero. Though Modi initially claimed to be a Post Graduate, overnight the issue became a polemic one but after much controversy & confusion, the issue finally settled down to " Primary School Dropped out ". This duality of his character, duality of being a blocked illiterate & religious fanatics in one hand & Insatiable lofty yearning to become "I am the monarch of all I survey"- Dictator, forced him to commit insurmountable mistake one after another leading to erosion & decay in every physiognomy of our motherland-- social, cultural, political economic, Education,administrative-- all & spare none. Damage done by Modi will require decades to recover.
Can clearly tell the position of the BBC is not on the side of the farmers based on the questions the interviewer is told to ask, trying to make it seem like the farmers are the bad guys.
I am sure 90 percent of u who are supporting Farmers Don't know what exactly are Farm Laws...
Plzz update us about what happened in the meeting between farmers and government. Did they came to a conclusion
Seize their land and tractor s ... follow yogi way
How roch these farmers are...how can they sustain without working for a year
It's so sad that foreign media is doing what we expected from our indian media
Kya Kiya modiji Apne vote ke liye economic reforms se back off Kar Diya ABB koi reform Nahi Hoga
Owaise is speaking the truth but u cant digest the truth,u remembered afghan ladies but forget nirbhayas of india,shame on u godimedia
This is major setback for Indian Agricultural sector.Middleman interest prevails over poor farmers.Also preesure to take back CAA and 370 will also increase.
FARMERS MUST THANKS TO NDTV
He never spoke on farmers in period before today. Print is no rebel independent media instead it is a digital extension of godi media.
Modi government only cares corporate all the rules and regulations they liberalise to favour corporate,Indian media also with there pocket so they are not giving importance to such news
But I am worried about how many farmers actually know about these law amendments.
Sad day for Indian politics. Didn't elect BJP for such spineless decisions. CAA then and Farm laws now, some protesters shouldn't dictate some bills.
That means Agricultural market brokers still have lot of money to disturbute to the farmers & farm produce !
How you can say PM g because of some farmers protest farms laws being canceled 
The current Indian pm would have agreed to the demands if these farmers had been Tea farmers
Regarding subsidies , government should give give Direct cash benefit of Rs 15000/year to all farmers and shouldn't give any subsidies at all.
Mr Kejriwal drama is house arrest fully diluted the farmers protest barat bandh
The greatest leader ever possible for India, by india, dedicated to India ..I salute my PM ..dearest PM MODI ..we all love you .
U r against indirectly of farmer.
I wish the world would take note of the farmers who are getting slaughtered every week.
This is madness. Farmers have right to peaceful protest in this country. Such visuals cannot be of healthy a democracy.
Even I was supporting our farmers but for the cause....not for this act....shameful....bus Ka tractor se hatana...woh bhi Jo govt ke subsidy se Mila hai
Yet the farmers will still loose for a fair price who  will be left in the hands of middlemen hoarders and corrupt politicians who will control the price. The rest of the farmers of India were so happy that they got a better price for their crops and accepted the agricultural laws. Leaving only Punjab farmers under pressure from middlemen and foreign funds to protest who were not even paying tax and controlled the price. Shame
I want an overview on the topic of the ongoing protest of farmers 2020 to 2021 ..Within tommrow
This is democratic country its farmers choice if they want the farm bills or not
What is nothing short of a miracle, is there is no news of any serious COVID outbreak at Singhu when Delhi is a major COVID hotspot. And nobody at the farmer's protest is wearing mask.
Who is here after new farm Bill.
Muse lag rha tha  ki gov.26 ke pahile farmers bill cancle kregi
Farmers, no need to talk much.  Since the police whack you, just whack back.
Farmers will win. There is no other way.
Just like farmer all the people come together against inflation, 90 to 95% will be benefited.
Its very sad that govt could not make farmer's understand the law's
Minimum price  or  MSP can be declared on major important crops in all states of  India  by state /central governments......even if they don't procure or buy  the agricultural produce from  farmers.....plus no one should be allowed to purchase from the farmers below the minimum  price   / MSP, it should be made illegal to purchase from farmers below MSP whether inside  or  outside mandi .......it will improve the condition of farmers......plus farmers  should accept this as a deal and end their protest ........ in my opinion 
Not an easy thing. Wel organized. This nation was freed by doing lot of protests and sacrifices.The farmer protest slapped very tightly on the face of ruling govt.
The bill is for to benefit "jiomart" to launch all India JIOMART........
LOVE YOU FROM KUWAIT  UMMMMMMMMMMA  TO ALL MY FARMERS... WITHOUT YOU PEOPLE WE CANT EAT ANYTHING ANY FARMERS IS THE GOD 
Sacrifice of farmers and Unity Won.
Request to all farmers pls be safe and wear mask.
We stand with our kisan brothers from Pakistan From Sargodha 
Unbelievable,poor farmers who feed us are crushed to death
Farmer: hey bro what are you planting?
We can dibate about why our farmers income not increasing throughout decades?
Are farmers only in punjab and Hariyana? farming of Rice and wheat only?Canadian PM poking in Indian affairs, why he was silent during hongkong protest, because did not want hurt large Chines population- vote bank, he speaks for punjabi- aanother vote bank. If there were farmer protest in any state other than punjab then he might have not. He does not consider Canadian Indians but only punjabi canadians. bahut farmers ki padi hei to farmers bache Canada mei tin guni fee leke padhne jate hei- hypocrate, he opposed india's MSP in WTO
Anchors of republic tv needs burnol for calling the farmers terrorists......
If this bill is pro farmer, why did SAD resign a cabinet post and is against the bjp on this?
Farmers annadata hai lekin free me nahi
Let's also remember that many farmers lost their loved ones.
This taliban leader was trained in  our INDIA...and giving warning to INDIA....wht the hell..!!
So please pray to save farmers of india
Development means more jobs, high salaries, low utility costs, low taxes, affordable health care, high quality education and large number of growth opportunities. Justice based governance means nobody can misuse power. Self-respect and inner strength means always standing with the right no matter who is against you. It doesn't matter you die rich or poor but make sure you die with self-respect. For that to happen ask government about development and knock it down if justice isn't served. Farmers are doing the right thing and Modi is one of the biggest scam.
brother, i liked watching your videos but now your initiative to bring ground zero and truth of the farmers protest to public , great respect to you !!
Nakali gandhis stop your drama, you to do not a word singhur murder and Jaspur killing. Why this partiality? Why are you misleading the farmers? Munde baimuch.
Abe chuttio Diesel petrol price v dekh.... Kyu wasted kr raha hai yeh Kisan log
Hi , wont contract farming also add a lot of disadvantages to farmers n farming in general be it using a particular seed variety, n other practices. Seeds are a big problem when big corporations start owning with their intellectual property rights...
Farmers pelt stones..what are they supposed to do they are being hit by water cannons..
He repel law because of election in some state India (Uttar Pradesh, Punjab ,Goa etc ) 
Disgraceful farmers and their distrustful leadership.
I support farmars..shame of politicians...
Ability DO NOT TRY TO MAKE DIVISION IN BJP...if you are against Modi than Next time you creat new party and become P.M. 2024 and do changes and create alteast 50% of what BJP and Modi did for India from the mess previous government
Modi solution. Farmers cannot go to courts . They will go to SDM or DC . Corporates again happy as they can bribe them 
In other hand many people are favor of these farm laws and see this law as reform in Indian Agriculture sector. The argument that the India farm sector & economy was not doing good from long time and demand lot of public govt money as subsidy, loan waiver, MSP ( minimum Support price ). Also stats shows only 7% total farm produce is buy under MSP. No Govt in world provide such public govt spending in farm sector. Private sector involvement, competition is necessary for reform and advancement of Indian agriculture sector. Also Corporate have done good for India in IT, Dairy milk sector ( ex- Amul ), Engery etc. 
Such a cruality on farmers, farmers should not be afraid & discourage & will not go back,  by seeing kind of persecute
Will not be suprised if the Farmers cough cough agents will ask PM to take approval of Greta Thunberg, which our PM with heavy heart and sadhbhavna will oblige....
why farmers are protesting this ?? plzz explain me
Big victory of my dear farmer and his family.
I still do not understand how this is being called a nation wide protest by Indian farmers.
85% Farmers have no ability to sell his crop in other state. But modi donot want to listen his voice because modi eyes see farmers is cheap labour not a land lord farmers. Cheap labour means modi friends make billions.
The middlemen - Imagine a scenarion where a poor farmer goes to a mandi along with his produce to get the returns for his hardwork. He bares the transportation cost as well. But the middlemen grades his produce as low quality and defective..and buys it at a negligible cost. The return that the farmer got was lesser than the amount he invested to grow the produce and the transportation charges. What are the chances of this actually happening to farmers of this country?
Someone tell me what's wrong with farmbills
No farmers no food, if you think about this quote because of the new law that they made stuff has gone up in prices, which means everyone is affected so it is either you stand for farmers or start paying higher for products
Proper guidance to farmers and Rural youth is the need of the hour so that self employment opportunities can be created through these new ACTs.
In the non- perishable and perishable goods there is a 50%, 100% limit in increasing.Did they mention the base level price of these commodities. I am confused because the market is fluctuating and there is no exact price on any product.
Let it be the repayment of everything a farmer has given to you & your Family directly or indirectly. 
BJP govt must introduce a new bill in this monsoon session to amend the PROPERTY INHERITANCE LAW.
Which means farm laws are good for farmers.
Why should I, an urban family man, pay through taxes on my hard-earned money to the farmers (10% of the population) free- for nothing? Loan waivers, fertilizer subsidies, doles of Rs. 6000 per family for nothing, losses on selling grains acquired at MSP, .... so may - about Rs. 10,00,000 crore every year? Stop this nonsense. Let them produce commercially and pay taxes just like me. I will actually help a vast majority of the marginal farmers. But the vested interests don't want this.
Prasunna ji ko bahut bahut badhai......for supporting repealing of dreaded agriculture bills
Our 5 biga .. Paddy's crop  and vagetable crop lost ...and also 7000 investment lost ...2 month hard work of my father lost ..in just one rainfall ....it's a situation of real farmer.
The whole fear of farmers are based on assumptions, you guys can't mislead the farmers for long, these laws are long due. We should not allow taxpayers money to sustain already the most well off farmers of Punjab and Haryana. By the way do you know how much excessive grain is produced in India and the common man has to bear the brunt of it. And calling the govt. anti farmers is already kind of sus. the only govt. which allowed basic income to all the farmers of India. P.S.- Giving my time to this comment because u explained the other side point of view well. But it is not the only holy grail of truth and has a ting of left politics in India. Thank you.
What A shame on BJP government,  where credibility of PM Modiji is at stake,  but farmers are now very smart and intelligent and they are working tirelessly for their  well-being.  Sanjay singh type farmers are intelligent enough to give politicians A boot when they come for vote.  
Bjp pagal ho gayi hai...... Another sign after shahen bhag and bengal election..... Shame on Modi.....
Well explained  That's the reason why i choose your topic presentation over Ravish Kumar and Arnav. Bdw my opinion on this topic are ,Like SEBI,IRDAI there should be a regulatory body for farmers . Because no doubt India's major population are farmers. As all farmers are not well educated , so they won't be able to know the standard price of their produced items. So there should be a special television program or news paper article , where the regulatory body will publish the price index weekly  or monthly. This might help the farmers to know the price .
Please explain each and every farmer bill in depth what are their advantages and disadvantages. Do they really address the problems of farmers or not ? 
Sbse phle zee news hi khrida tha bjp ne
All these farmers leaders are responsible for this terror
India is not a police State that farmers fighting for their right to life have to obey fascist orders
As a farmer, i want to make a couple of things go viral please help. Govt MSP : instead of grain they should provide it on pulses. As per all nutrition surveys, indian stocks have low protein food. For example, kabuli channa, daals etc. This will save northwrn india from growing rice.. rice that will make punjab ,haryana , rajashthan (ironically),,up,mp into a desert. Now some people will point out ki ,'bhai whose stopping you from growing it? ' well, i am in Jalandhar and as per e mandi, if i want to sell kabuli channa , i will need to travel to sirsa (some 300 kms away) so it is not viable to do that for me. 
Rakesh Tikawat.. Is like Vashmashur?? He blocked one the biggest reforms in the history of Indian  n some changes could have been far better .
Those who really support farmers support this bills, there may be some changes in laws
Farmers Never believe   Commitment of Feku , he is 420 about his commitment , we seen so many times . After bill pass only stop this protest .
I with farmers bill
Jai jawan jai kisan. Youth must be ready to fight for their best future they deserve. Modi History will judge you as a destroyer everything what nation gain for long sacrifices.
In 2019, Central Ground Water Board predicted that Punjab and Haryana would be desert in 15-25 years if monoculture isn't ended. Farmers will realise the mistake but sadly it shall be too late.
Must say...the farmers have  organized it Really well...Food,news updates, farming and clarity of thoughts...impressive...
Brave hearts of India, salute to our farmers
No farmers no food!  Leave the farmers alone. God protect them . In Jesus's name.  Amen
Why don't these all opposition work together to defeat BJP in next elections?
I love the way he is begging now. One side His Ambani-adani papa will cut his pocket money other side farmer will cut his diet/ Roti pani Bichara modi
  Pakistan will support Taliban, with full military Force 
Long live the Farmers 
4. Ambanis modi says he gone remove middle man from farmers purchase but what actually he is doing is he is involveing middle man in this by law . Artias are not middle man they are service providers. So make it clear farmers want service providers not middle man . 
We don't farm laws our opposition when repealed why did you do it. Also our opposition 
You don't respect the farmer, the nation will be cursed. Let them not eat food, tell them to eat money, material, or dung.
Ye Bjp ko hatao desh se... With the farmers support from Bengal
If govt. Was concerned about farmers welfare it could have done it in seven years,citizens would automatically voted BJP so no need to repeal
Historic farmers protest against government, sach ki jeet hue, secular india ki jeet, thanks for supporting farmers
Farmers community's demand of withdrawing the farm laws  to be taken seriously and urgent action accordingly.
Now Modi Ji just have to take his wife back 
Congratulations Farmers 
How a such responsible person could give this sort of order. They are just farmers Sahab # Not terrorist.
Aaplog to Har secret baat ko news par dikha dete Ho. Isse to we log or satark Ho jayenge. Aaplog ke paas Kya dimag nhi hai ke wo baithe baithe wahi se news dekh le. Har baato ko news me na Laye ye. Bhartiy defense Ka mamla hai secretly Indian force or Modi jee dekh lenge. OK!!!!!!!
Here a student standing with farmer
Nice of you to not mention most of the protestors are rice farmers from Punjab and Haryana that only grow it for it's higher MSP.
people like you and me buy from bazzaar whre in the farmers sell cheap and we buy at higher prices and the middle men make the most. Now when the govt gives the farmers and option to sell directly to corporates which will be benificial to them and to consumers.
its wrong  if you think that laws are only for farmers...laws for all including consumers ....being a consumer i say these laws will benefit me...why i should see repeal them
Catchhold those leaders who were claiming that it is farmers protest. Now it's clear that it's not farmers andolan it is andolan of aatankwaadi, it is terrorist Andolan
I am crying to see that old farmer 
No one supporting to this, except Punjab and Haryana Mandi brokers. Rest of actual Indian a
Failure of Indian government. Support Indian farmers
The farmers should invest in. Futuristic technology, alternative toppings or seeds.
These three laws are very beneficial to farmers of backward areas.
But I things I have clearly understood, if we really need to increase the income of farmer they really need to divert themselves from wheat and Paddy to pulses and other corps 
Congratulations farmers, the victory is yours.
Government should take care of farmers
Protest for farmers it's a my humble request to all people
Farmers still do sell their crop outside mandis.
So this is how up got award of Smart city. Amazing. Believe it or not but we all are now under hilter rules. When it can be happened with highly known designated people like Priyanka Gandhi and bjp ministers can kill farmers easily then common people has no value in the eyes of bjp. now hope for best from God. inka ant karne jrur koi aega
When everything is so peaceful in india don't no y Bjp always wants to divide this country.. If Bjp stay for another few years definitely hinduwata will become Indian Taliban and divide the country 1s again
Today Nation.. mourns for those millions and millions of farmers who were waiting for implementation of these reforms. Today I Mourn for my Hardworking Humble Innocent GUJARAT farmers.. who were waiting to get these reforms implemented..Becharo ko laga Modi sambhal lega..Hey Bhagwan...hey bhagwan...I hope I die..Today, Modi in me died. Hey bhagwan.. I hope I don't see Tommorow..
These politicians and police have a firm belief that the public is dumb. The public will believe whatever garbage they will show us. Jagoo Indian jagoo... You can support whomever u want and vote. Just at least don't trust blindly, keep questioning. Ye desh droh nai bulki awareness kehlai jati hai. Critical Thinking is a tool to check there statements and policies don't give away your tools in undhbakti.
It will become more difficult to bring good reforms by government due to this decision. Anti social and anti india lobby will do same propaganda like they did with farm protest and anti caa nrc protest
I belong to a Rajasthani farmer family .
Northeast India support you farmars
I belong to a farmer family and I support this Bill
It's good that the farmers are protesting. The  govt. cannot have its own way all the time.
Its no more a kisaan andolan..... But a political stage for Rakesh Tikait and some others.
She teaches very well but she sounded farmers were wrong but those farm laws were right . Also she felt bad she didnt support farmers and didnt mention how many farmers lost their lives during protests .
No one is farmer u dirty politicians shame on you
The farmers who works in their lands or  bjp party ..if the farmers didn't want this law who else they trying to pass it for ...this bjp government is trying to sell our country to cooperates
Must say punjabi have unity they support each other no matter what ..
With the heinous acts by these people's so call farmers .. I already cut the phrase  "jai Kisan" it would be only "jai jawan" for me.
No your withdrawal , return the thousands of farmer sacrifice who's killed in protest. Your attitude killed the many farmers , and you very late to withdraw this law , bad decisions maker party  no eligible for pm seat of India like u , Regine the pm seat with withdraw farmers law dear modi
Now they came for Farmers.
One more thing see past farmer's protest and compare the issues then and now. I think u can undestand its a circle just nothing new is going to be happen,so enjoy its very tuff to born in human(like) form
As usual Indian Police's same cinematic reasoning. Shame on Haryana Police.
That decision to repealing those three laws  is right because dozens of farmers group who are protesting doesn't even know about it and there  we
How india is so tolerant to those goons......He is so shameless producing pointless argument & he will change the fate of farmers.
#nofarmersnofood
Useless governments which cannot solve farmers problems.
OUR PRIDE FARMERS INDIAN 
This is not only victory of Farmers but a tight slap to democracy villain like Kangna Run-out, Godimedia and Andhbhakt's etc... Farmer's won , Arrogant govt lost 
The main demand of farmers is to ensure msp through a law. That is a valid demand.
Wait for Bengal's assembly elections and you'll see how a huge no. of bengalis are also in BJP's side
These farmer's are now becoming very egotistical, rude and arrogant also. I myself had experienced their threats to my life, my family and my personal property on 2 separate occasions in Punjab . Farmer's have become what they are opposing 'Tanashah'. If they are getting beaten i think these idiots deserve it now. I don't support them anymore.
They are out there from past 2 months but none of the local from there has complained for any inconvenience.The people chanting Namo Namo are the one who are having the problems with farmer class.
Power of farmer
Oh dear government if u really care about farmers allow them to enter. Listen to him. Why are you ignoring farmers. Government don't be domb. Don't try to suppress us.
More power to you Deshbhakth - how well presented this episode is! All the important moments that made it. Much power to the farmers and the forces that worked on the sites and behind /beyond them. Let it be the Moment of the much needed u turn needed for Indias destiny! Long live dissent and democracy
I am support farmer, I think that the all demand of farmer should accept
This man knows how to justify some anti-farmers laws. It is another way of telling that a leader has to give what people NEED and not what the leader WANTS. People's victory. Leaders....????
Farmers shown their strength.....
God bless farmers 
Farmers unity Jindabaad.
Does they need permission for tractor rally in Afganistan?
Yes, the way govt and media treated our farmers is shameful and unethical, BUT the way farm bills passed is not unconstitutional. And another thing is the revised ordinances are good for farmers as well, please go and read it carefully (every single word).
To say that Khalistani elements didn't support the so called kisaan aandolan in every which way could is completely wrong.
        farm law bills!
For those who distribute "Gyan" on Kisaani and all.. I am not just come from farmer family, I do help in family farming as well.
Taliban : thank you very much India .
This a sad sad day for India and our future.... A full majority government bowing down to few rich farmers demand. This is all because of upcoming Punjab election and in Punjab BJP will never win. Everything shouldn't be about winning election or pleasing few... I will still vote for BJP in 2024 but will be on the lookout for new or yet better right wing party.
Shame on bjp. Haryana govt
9:20 godi media field sales reporter is blocking the road. Stay alert u might get a strong Kick from woman farmers.
Let consider reliance (remember jio bulldozer marketing tactics) company buy all future rice bags at a fair price from farmers in India  ,  which is not yet to seeded. Which create artificial scarcity in future using it he keep higher prices than MSP which led to chaos in buyer and where let to a shortage in government state-run reaction stores poor people can't eat their meals.
How can congress at ground level fool people to protest against farmers to fight with government farmers law. 
         They are facing a stubborn and obstinate government. After over a fortnight of protests by the farmers, the government seems to be in no mood to hear them out. It is a wonder that the farmers have protested peacefully upto this point in time, but their patience is wearing thin.
Now our beloved farmer vir das will be happy .....I'm a farmer's son and i know these laws  were need of hour ....but tikait like so-called farmer who live luxurious life hijacked the farmers mind for their  middleman masters ....now no govt will bring these laws ..n nothing will change in life of farmers..they will remain poor like always.. by these laws there was a little hope perhaps something can change in farmers life.....but back to same hole ...
 so people in the may be 10% of m.p seates ,dictate for whole india ? & you support them?
I don't understand why ndtv stop showing farmers protest on delhi border 
Open market sounds good.but it is not practical in nature as majority of farmers are small and marginal .
You asked who is the farmer in that short clip at 2:33    I see the person with checkers shirt is a farmer.... I don't know why you could not see that farmer
I am a farmer and I support gov...who are you bro broker....
what? I was almost about to supporting farm laws. Hmm, elections huh!
Govt of India give 3 lakh crore subsidy to agriculture sector annually which includes from fertilizer to MSP, however mostly consumed by big farmers from Punjab, haryana and west UP, we have disguised unemployment in agriculture, our productivity yield is low, APMC is monopolized... Only privatisation can save this..... It contains huge potential, informal jobs will convert into formal, farmers will get their deserving share.
Punjab and Haryana want all their rice and wheat to be bought by FCI leaving all other farmers from rest of India in the mercy of local traders.
I think bills will come back on third term of Modiji
Media and govt called farmers khalistani s and today  khalsa flag is on red fort
so in order to save farmers and the busienss system govt needs money to run and give support and  invest more money 
Shame on bjp modi tadipaar yogi Ajay misra godi media rss chadi gang big shame on all of them
It's quite confusing that while Vox covers 'Indian Farmer's protest', Indian media covers 'the faces of Indian politicians' by being their loyalists.
Show the video when the bjp candidates jeep ramming the kisans when they were just marching
Great the india and all indians with you sir... Hands off to you .... Jai bharat...jai kisan
What about 700 farmer who had been martyard against these laws what about their family will government take any initiative for them
jai ho modi Ji india respect every decision taken by you
Dakait budget concept would be a loot in the name of farmers
Farmers won't wear jeans...t shirts
Where is ur chatukar editor Mr S Gupta now ! Where is M Thresher theory now! Shame on u the print for taking d side of corporates n not d farmers. To hell with MODI s image.
To save india Modi ko nahi Ambani, Adani, Baba ramdev ka products ko band karo boycott each and every thing then see the magic public power. Gandhiji ka rasta.
I stand with farmers.call me terrorist or not.
Stand with farmers votes
In Pakistan when people are feel to see comedy show they are watching tarik fath show I am teling all Indian brothers and sisters  this person have 0 knowledge about Pakistan Afghanistan
See the option is still with the farmers as for the middlemen I would say it is their fault that this thing is happening they have exploited their power for far to long  and Congress is protesting i can understand where they are coming from even i would get angry if somebody did what I promise to do.
#StandwithFarmersChallenge
The Firm Bill is the modernization of farming. I support it.
Goverment should tell how these bill effects economy's of india and good for peoples who are not farmers but poor also.
Thank you Farmers.
Hey all... I as a citizen of India respect farmers the most... Without farmers none of us  will hv food on our table.. But farmer's protest in USA, UK or other countries regarding the bills or laws of Indian government makes no sense to me. I request all our farmer brothers and sisters, please come back to our country and take part in the protest process practically.. #Dont_Insult_India_Globally
Modi bhahk might be thinking these are Congress workers and not farmers...
then im a farmer too...
good for farmers now they can be happy because no reform now they can do sucide under debt
Congratulation to bjp for their political stunt for 2023 elections....agar aise unprofessional nd Play off against laws desh me layoge to aise hi protest honge aur aise hi results bhi ayenge.
They're not farmer's, terrorists
If old was good then y were the farmers sucided in the past.
We support farmers, if anything happens.. We all people come and support the farmers in their place. Modi ji u can't simply sells Everything
My sincere condolence to all families who lost their bread earning and old folks in this peaceful protest and they are true Indians, and shame on the NAZI. MODI government.
3. Can we as a consumer buy any quality of vegetables and agriculture commodities at the same price?
Kangna madam you want to go in farmers home what they will facing problem
Of course farmers is Going to Win this Fight One Way or another
When will the politicians understand the strength of farmers in the country.
When Tamil farmers protest in Delhi, media never  cared. They are also the citizens.
(regarding that rs5000 crore that state govt spend to provide free electricity to farmers that is a blessing for farmers because otherwise electricity bills alone would be so much more than the profit that a farmer can possibly earn.)
Tikait Phatoo tu election tho ladle 
Shame on modi you must listen the voice of kisaans
How could this constable throw tear gas while farmers are crossing the bridge....how inhuman act....
what is this business of farming, where one can enjoy holiday for 10 months,  without worrying about income, what kind of money stashed with this people who portraits as farmers
Next election should not be BJP anymore
Such an embarrassing situation for India as a country. The GOI is weak and doesn't hold the capacity to carry out their promises. Farmers of 1 or 2 states have decided the fate of all the farmers in India. What a horrific situation.
This is one of this biggest transformation for agriculture n small scale farmers. India will improve. The standard of living of farmers will improve. Great step. 
And BJP top leaders came to GHMC elections in Hyderabad, even farmers  are fighting in delhi they don't understand the problem of people they only want win and do nothing, so these is what happens if we believe in BJP
Talk to farmers and see what prices are they getting and is it a fact that even a 5 acre owner goes to Punjab or other places for work?
Godi media did not show this . I was waiting for aerial view. Thank You for this
Great moments has, two brothers met, Punjab n haryana
I don't know why we indians are fighting for the issue of afghans Or talibans?
Why are people not supporting farmers like they supported SSR's case? 
Farmers of Punjab will show the meaning of democracy to India 
Just accept and say this was your failed policy!! You cant  win by making farmers unhappy!!
Thank you so much for capturing this. This will also help to understand the audience for the purpose of the protest. Please support our farmers 
Kuch nahi hona Wala . Daciket    khud he election nahi Jeet payega . Sposerend andolan by congee, kanjrudeen , Communist , Khalilstani,  and anti modi forces.  This not a kisan andolan but andolan for modi and Yogi hatao.
How did they allow a corrupt person like sharad pawar to address them? Did you know how many farmers committed suicide on his watch in the past?
I think next time with consensus and with little modifications  these farm laws 
There are farmers of every religion in the protests sikhs, muslim, hindu and christians.
One reason why I admire and Respect Yogi Ji is due to his strict action against culprits. Definitely voting for him. 
I understand that this will not serve the purpose at all. Farmers PROBLEMS should not be measured by the Electoral success. Both are entirely different.
This video  Clear my all doubts and all biasness about farm bill thank u for giving beautiful information and explanation 
I do agree that MSP should be mentioned in the bill.. but these mandis which exist exploit the farmers by taking exorbitant taxes for selling their products in mandis.. This bill is totally good.. It just needs a good implementation and proper broadcast of information to the farmers and the tenants..
Easy to blame in hindsight "don't jump without testing parachute". Lot of orgs were consented, the bills were hanging around in parliament for decades. It was not new. The anti-Modi sentiment in news media took over in this case.
Hello sir my name is Ali Hamraz Im from Los Angeles California I pray for God one day Im coming to see you youre the best politician I ever watch any YouTube God bless you whatever God you believe I love you I respect you as a human being because in India right now is politics destroy human being life damn not bring shelter not bring food no bring medication no bring something better job for public only divide the public to win the election youre such a good man God bless you my name is Ali Hamraz I need time you come to United States Im in Los Angeles welcome whatever religion you believe I respect you and I love you youre a good man wherever you are youre a very good boyYoure a good man very good man I wish all the politician think like you God bless you
Farmers are selling tomatoes onions for 1rs per kg and we are purchasing them for 20 rs you decide whom this current system is profiting and I think  free market may help farmers get their fare share of price cause free market can't have lower price than msp if farmer has a choice between APMC and free market.  And clearly if msp and frp were helping farmers why farmer is suffering so much.
We stand with modi sarkar
Where are those farmers who are being exploited and abused and are not paid with the fair prices.....why richest farmers of Punjab only ...... Where are those farmers from other states , why aren't farmers from other states protesting .... Ever asked these questions to yourself...
I really like it how u explained everything..also it's a good opportunity for government to hear what are the actual problems are faced by the farmers in day to day life during harvesting or after it.
- 80% of farmers have small holdings and will suffer; 20% of the rich ones who have abused the system will continue to enjoy the perks
These farmers voted for bjp once now they are reaping the benefits.Hope they get the justice they deserve
Andolan proved that a few peasants armed with tractors and accompanied by the Nihang Sikh Guru di fauj, can bring down the government of India and over rule the parliament!  Wah India Wah India
You are supporting black laws by your headlines- 'Sarkar baatcheet ko tyar, fir kyun takrar'.
Every Indian, who eats Roti, rice, vegetables, milk, should support farmers
Indian farmers has balls. Filipino farmers has no balls to protest
Formars are Fighting for all Indian people. if we not supporting formars
Shame on you @The Quint you don't show the real footage when farmer hits police you try to show the farmer are victim's
They do not act for 70 years and when Modi tries to help the farmers N set 3 farm laws which are absolutely beneficial to the more than 85 % of the marginal and poor farmers oppn collude with our enemies to destabilise the country
The Government is so helpless before the farmers agitation. 
No farmer= No food. I support Farmer
Please scarp new farmer law.
I am proud to be a part of Farmer family OF punjab. 
Just a quick point on Abhijit - These guys only have a relevant voice because BJP is in power. Please think through what youre saying coz right now it sounds like codswallop. TBH, I wouldnt even be on this channel if the BJP was not in power. Because that would be Goodbye India for 5 years.
I will always support BJP
This law only benefit for large scales farmer...  Another problem . State government also need control of taxes n  collect taxes bcz we r sure that central govt not doing  well as we facing d problem of petroleum,.
We must khan sir vedio on farmers
Happy republic Day dear farmers
these  farmers didn't see the virus but saw the harmless from the centre govt.
Fool protesters are in fear that APMC mandi will disappear  because  farmers will not prefer APMC. Farmers are protesting  that they will put themselves in trouble by not preferring APMC .
Farmers agitation is highjacked by militant groups, creating law& problem. Parliament sessions are there and many bills yet to pass. Punjab election ahead and captain wants to with drawn these lawas to join hands with BJP. Now opposition has no mudda and in discussion they have to show solution for farmers suicides in India other than punjab. Hence the government is withdraw the laws. 
we hv to see how nicely this could be implemented who will reserve the right of the farmers in case of change in price of the crop or quantity to buy by the private investor in the contract .how ordinary farmer able to fight with the big corporates considering the  amount of money n time require in courts . if not implemented nicely there is very high chances of exploitation of poor farmers now by the hands of big private firms.
Problem is only with Punjab and Hariyana but other state farmers are happy, If they are disrespecting my country and our police then all over India we should start boycotting Agri products from Punjab and Hariyana.
It's time to think critically as to who these new laws will ultimately benefit and no contrary to Mr. Gupta BS, it is not the farmers (i.e. cultivators received no benefit by doing with the APMC as noted in the Hindustan Times article). It's time to grow out of your colonial mindset.
Proud of you.Godi media vs reality.
Sir you are the voice of millions of students and poor farmer
Please remember that several millions of small farmers welcomed the farm law reforms and the extra empowerment. But some large farmers who also act as middlemen-traders and commission agents to exploit the real farmers, are protesting on the street with large funds from abroad..
Poonam Pandit Has joined Congress and this will be the story of all emerging paid leaders of Ardthiys in coming days. Only Poor Kisan have been befooled and these paid leaders are having only one game plan i.e. Joining of politics and these Social Media Ptrakar also have their own agenda. So These Farmers leader (or Paid leaders of Ardthiys) are befooling the poor farmers, mazdoor and all the symphathisers and these are the facts ;
In south india we have elections, but we never heard about jinnah, Pakistan,80/20, khabarastan, temple and mosque why? What is the difference ?
Respect to the real farmers but Vice showing half hearted video is just not right. Loved the way you reported on ISIS and China but you havent shown the full story here #DisappintedWithVice
BJP leaders arrange Rural areas campaign for creating awareness in detail with farmers. Local language needed for such farm acts which farmers can understand
3.  In 2019 farmers can't sell their 
In India Physically Handicapped pay Income Tax whereas even Super Rich Farmers do not.. Handicapped Punjabis do not get even a single paisa relief in electricity charges
The riots that took place in the CA nrc movement or the farmers movement BJP got the RSS terrorist rioted they intered  the guise of Farmers and Massacred them they had Full support of the police
I know I'm not that old to talk politics nd all but bhaiya I don't know why I become so depressed whenever I start thinking about our country's  condition. They are literally torturing farmers, censoring social media, asking companies for our personal data, controlling news media and god knows what else. I love my country so much, but yesterday when I was at my uncle's
what a shame! poor farmers getting cracked down by the corrupted indian police
But  cow rona gang  is not listning to farmers.
Take a video or show on how Modi won the heart of Media and made it godimedia.
What Happened on 26th Jan. 2021. Pls Ask them ,this Question. Any time can happen, Police Personnel Injured , Life long they should Survive by Disability. This Farmers eating Free and any time can do nautanki...
Kya godi media bhul gya regarding such type of interviews.. What a healthy talks with Rakesh Tikait ji.. Wow..
The MSP given to Punjab farmers is a huge sham. The government buys huge amount of wheat from these farmers at a very good price and just stocks them up, they can't sell it and now its a mountain. There's no demand either in the country or outside because everyone can grow their own wheat. If the govt refuses to purchase, we'll have round 2 of protests. The wheat produced by Punjab is either going to the rats or dumped in Ganges. This is a terrible model which is the reason MSP is not mandated in the law but only stipulated as an agreement. India needs these farm laws to get better deals to the farmers. This govt MSP purchase can't continue forever.
Druv! You seems to be another Ravish Kumar ,you should be be proud of to think on but yarr you are good Educated young one post soothing creating ...politics / press /media/pr ,ye Saab Kar hee rahe hai. Why wasting your energy here .
Protesting farmers are 10% although they have right to protest peacefully which they are exercising effectively there demands aren't practical. Also Vice in particular has been biased towards India so no surprises.
There is any farmer there
When an area is given for farmers to protest why there was need to come forward to other places. It was a great law and order situation. Last time when farmers came some infiltrators  hoisted Kalistani flag. And hurt the police officers. This is totally law and order situation. Police are protecting us and people should respect them too. Beating and hurting police officers in the name of protest is no good. They are hurting our own people.
All responsibility of all kisan died in kisan movement to rakaish tikait and  arrest him and also drop in tihad jail.
So proud of you all Delhi people. You made it!! Your support is very important to all farmers. Thankyou for standing strong with the farmers Whole  Nation is together in this protest against three bills. 
Rich farmers ke upar tax lagana chaiye. 
You have said a lot of things and given a lot of stats. Having said everything, would like u to answer one thing only- Why are Punjab traders still buying paddy at 1100-1200 from Bihar and selling at ~1900 MSP in Punjab? If non APMC system was so good, why are Bihar farmers forced to sell at so low prices?
Ans: killing farmers who are protesting, declaring them anti-nationals , treating the farmers even worse than terrorists. 
Keep making I m Lovin it though I m hardcore BJP supporter satire is always welcome
Not only punjab haryana and up 
Quite informative video and thanks a lot ma'am for giving us such an useful description of why we need the farmer bills.
Indian #modi_government must be shameful.
Please...... Stand with farmers
Now we know who is real terrorist . Those people werent even aware that they gonna die like that. Bjp government what u gonna say now
2) government is procuring from states other than Punjab and haryana because they will not face consequences in other states if they will not give MSP 
All hindus need to stand together this is not farmer protest
Modiji can't fool farmers. Victory of Farmers
I assume that the Paks, having created the Afghan Taliban and watched a Pakistani Taliban arise, are at least BEGINNING to realize how badly they screwed things up.  Did they actually expect that the two grou0s would NOT have similar goals? Ah well, it's OK to ride the tiger, just remember you have to get off....ask Brandon about that!
Does such kind of agitation is permissible  where in reality,  the farm law benifits poor section of farmers???? Is this legitimate in a vibrant democracy like India??? If thousands gather to topple the right law, why NOT we have equal strenth showcased for the support of right law??? If this is Democracy, then we becoming a next super power country is far from reach!
The only Way to fight and defeat the injustice is Gandhian way of ahinsa. The farmers agitation has proved it.
The Farmers Bill is right why they are protesting 
Zee  channel is BJP channel, so how come they speak against BJP..
This will distroy all our farmers
Ravishji jab Rafael India pahoochte pahoochte mehgi ho gayi to yeh to fir bhi   dhaan hai
A Big Corp will only buy form a Big farmer that is simple economics. The small farmer will continue to sell to APMC markets and still continue to get squeezed by these middlemen. Once the big farmers using tradingbplatofrms can begin to sell directly globally this will in turn increase there profit margins and may in turn increase collaborations between the small farmer and the big farmer. Big farmer will then say don't sell to Mandi but sell to us which inturn will.force mandi to give a better price and less exploitation by intermediaries. The act simply empowers more alternatives to market, larger areas of geographic distribution and removal of state barriers. The only losers are certain state govt like Punjab and Haryanan losing their high receipts to agriculture and the middleman who held a monopoly for so long. What is further needed is education to small farmers of their rights many who do not even know about MSP and are at the mercy of the Mandis.
Do you know problems facing by farmers
Are they farmers?
Thanks  Modi, for helping showing/understand Punjabi culture to the world.
We(indians) have anyways lost hope in our tv media
Farmers never demand ed since,,1950 during last congress government n Janta Dal govt when late
Shame on you modi , after this farmer also providing thier food to them this is humanity
Here's a suggestion! Invite P Sainath for an interview and discuss the farm bills, you paint a very optimistic picture of it, he has some fairly credible opposition
Farmers are grate, they are fighting for every citizen of the India.
Thank you vice for showing this to the world, I hope this gets a lot more attention. Show this as you guys showed the US election and other western politics. India needs some global attention so that our leaders actually do something to save the reputation of this country. This country really needs some global attention and I am glad the global media is showing this.
Ahh....I like your complete perspective analysis, but this topic is about farmers/economy , should have been dealt with some hard fact analysis...this poor pj aren't at all funny.
Modi was India's curse
Modi is the best thing that happened to India. 
Farm laws are indeed a Big GOOD thing for farmers.  Surprisingly the well-to-do farmers in Punjab and Haryana want STATUS-QUO to continue.  Farmers from other states do see a HUGE benefit from farm laws!  The left elements and opposition have been very good at enhancing the confusion.  Since this issue is happening in the mid-term it is not going to influence 2024 elections.  Unnecessarily they are robbing the farmers from escalating to NEW HEIGHTS in the field of Agriculture.
Its victory of our farmers, families,and those who have lost lives in this revolution, jai jawan jai kisan jai hind 
I feel both  govt and farmers are correct at their own places, but  the timing is bad!!     laws  ,  farmers la  education dya,   mentality dya..tyancha changla   .. Ani mag he laws aana, ti vel mag barobar asel saglyan saathi! 
I don't think tear gas will work anymore on farmers ... Their eyes are already dried from all the crying.
Victory to Modiji and bjp
Yogi Ji we know you are not happy 
All the farmers can do this farming system and growing your income.thanks for our honorable teacher Dr.Tripathi sir
Sir agar quality khrab hui ya crop failure hua us case me farmers ko kya protection h under contract farming
Government should first make  a draft for bill and ask for suggestions from both farmers ,wholesalers and transporters and give some time to the bill to see how it will work in practical world and after the final modifications the bill with majority agreement should be passed as Act
Mainstream media as always ignores this population but it forms the bulk of India. And it is being uplifted.
I also have sympathy for this incident,,,,, this first dying man confessed that minister send him ,,,, onko dekhne ke liye,,,, but mam you missed that,,,, but you  gave the pressure on the statement that a innocent farmers ask apko hamme marne ke liye bheja hai,,,, and he the culprit died man says mujhe marne ke liye nahi bheja,,,, to bhai kiske liye bheja,,, ye koan decide karega,,, madam kyun aap ladies ki izzatt barkarar rakho,,,,Asli auratt kabhi lie or this type of act nahi karti,,,,
How cunningly ndtv muted the Congress party. Lgta hai ndtv is also godi media
restricting multinationals and corporates which are restricted till now, have seen the effect only the farmers of punjab enjoys, others commit suside, we have seen the boost in manufacturing and services sector when MNC and corporates were allowed(they also met similar result), just ban the import and see the growth like manufacturing saw.
These 'poor'farmers can afford to have tractors and swords and horses. While many farmers in India still use cattle to plough the land.
First, it was said 15 lakhs to bank accounts, demonetization said to destroy black money, GST to boost INDIA'S  economy, Jammu and Kashmir issue to stop terrorism, and in this lists adds FARM BILLS... FARMERS WHO AGREE TO THIS BILL WILL DEFINITELY BE AWARDED IN LONG RUN....
 farmers into super middleman and brokers for small farmers / Artiyas - a
When corporate is more important then the farmer .
Finally someone who explained why protest is happening. Mainstream media not once explained why are farmers are protesting and what are the flaws of these laws. Rather they are busy showing unsocial elements in the protest. If this is true then these laws nowhere benefits the farmers and should be revoked immediately.
6 Shambhji please tell me what is the land holdings pattern of Punjab and Haryana? Who are all those people having large portion of land, are they belong to  SCS, STS?
Don't speculate. Your channel seems to be anti modi. You bring speakers who don't have depth and their only agenda is to criticise Modiji. Your speaker compares modi ji with Rahul Gandhi. It is nonsensical and insulting. Whatever modi does he does it only for the country.
There is no bilateral discussion. Are the farmers there with arms  It's a democratic right to protest.
90 % farmers with modi govt decision.
We tax payers must protest giving all freebies to these unproductive farmers as it6wastage of our tax money
Election is here farmers 
I stand with our farmers no food no farmers
Modi God of the India he
Vox covered more news about the farmer protests than Indian media itself.
*He had to, there was no other way left for tyrant to defend his torture on farmers* !
Why NRIs who are supporter of BJP return to their own lovely country if govt is doing too good ??
Jai kisanbeware of police dressed Sanghis as we witnessed them during Anti CAA-NRC agitation. Beware Beware. Long live farmers Unity. 
I am agriculture student and preparing for my MBA interview's topic farm bill and visited this channel for the first time......the concept is now clear I have invested my 3-4 hours in a right direction and sir you have explained it very well....your student are blessed that they have got such a great teacher  :):)
Good for the farmers. India needs democracy, a govt of the people by the people for the people, like China. Not of the 1% by the 1% for the 1% like the US!
Farmer-Mandi-Corporate
The farmers are rebels without a cause. The don't understand what the are fighting about. They are the shame of the nation
Actually ground pe ye hota h jo chhote chhote galla vyapari hote hai  bo khareed k season me sadak kinare yaa gao me lagne bale chhote bazaro me.kisano se unki fasal khareed k further use FCI jaisi agency ko bechte hai aur ye chhote vyapari MSP pe nahi khareedte h generally market driven hota h price wheat rice k case me lagbhag MSP ka barabar rate pe hikhareedte h 50-100 rupay kam pe FCI k direct khareed center har jagah ni hote h aur unhe apni khareed k target pure krne hote h isliye bo in chhote vyapariyo se khareed krti h aur kuchh khareed state ki perchasing agency se krti h aur FCI payment MSP pe hi krti h
Farm Laws are real good for the farmers but anti BJP politicians and their like minded people created havoc for the farmers of India in the name of farmers interest destructive forces from outside the country and anti national elements added fuel to the so called farmers movement well it is a loss to the farmers
Minimum support price and maximum retail price changed every year before farming start. If supply increase and demand was not there then minimum support price and if supply decrease and demand more than maximum retail price. This is applicable for all farmer items. Plus supply increase then do export and never do important and instead of important give highest price to farmer.
I think BJP shd have implemented farm laws in BJP ruled states and give exemption to those states who don't want such laws. In that case, BJP ruled states will be able to prove Farm laws are good or bad.
Why only hindi speaking farmers are protesting?
Full support for farmers protest   Sincerely salute their focus and determination.  Fake BJP govt should be ashamed of their lies and evil biased reforms. Repeal the disputed farm bills and atleast show some remorse. It's really sad and real shame for the patriotic Indians to protest for their rights on our republic day. This govt is not for the people of this nation. They are meek and care only for the power hungry money minded business mafia owners. They have no respect for farmers who feed the nation nor to the patriots who give their life for the nation at the borders 
Best Police Force in the world. U P Police...Don't think listeners are fools .... You only can fabricate cooked up stories such as this. Great effort by UP Police. I appreciate your loyalty to Yogi and BJP. Plz claim your pay immediately credited to your account for the loyalty and dedication to saving the real culprits. Well done Yogi ji and Mishra ji for such a wonderful training given to your cops. You teach us what policing should not be and how much menial that a state's Police force can be..... Remind them they are not your paid gundas and they take some oath to be genuine and sincere at least to their uniform and to the Constitution. Big salute.. plz don't disregard yourself by licking the shoes of your masters.....You have a dignity...
Good to have people like you .keep supporting our farmers 
Did the media ever try to discuss in detail on benefits of farm laws?
One nation  one market is good idea liberating farmers
Modi ji I'm feeling so sad, low and defeated (reg. farm laws repeal), though I know you're the most intelligent, most selfless, nationalistic and most experienced leader in the world...
momentum to reforms lost, just like in 91, no govt will ever touch agriculture for a decade or two, the ones that have come from Punjab and rejoicing, soon will be faced with a dilemma when the water beneath their farms runs out (almost at critical levels) and a situation of acute drought is forced upon punjab and haryana due to the excess production of wheat and rice. the age old tradition of freebies to continue!! to the one's that are rejoicing in the comment section and saying BJP has lost, you have lost, our future gen. has lost, all leaders of all parties have enough money to live 7 lives abroad, the lower and middle income group will be left here to starve.
Yes, this people demanding separate country Khalistan shows that they were never true Indians.
Court aur Goverment nahi ye Public hi en FARZI KISANO TIKAT COMNY ko USKI SAHI AUkAT DIKHAYEGi.
Indian Punjab is for PUNJABIS: HARYANVIS, BIHARIS and not SIKHS... WE SIKHS ARE A SEPARATE QOUM. Lahore is our home. Forget the 5 Takht, but never forgetGuru Nanak's Nankana and Lahore in Pakistan....how many times will we have to beaten on our head to understand? Sant Bhindranwale ji clearly SAID "SIKHS ARE NOT HINDUS...SIKHS ARE A VAKHRI QUOM" Lahore is our home. Forget the 5 Takht, but never forget Guru Nanak's Nankana and Lahore in Pakistan. 
Kudos to farmers. You should enter in dehli and protest outside chai walas prime minister house. 
No farmers  NO FOOD
Thanks Delhi public support Farmers
Very beautiful and nice humanity in farmers. Kisan ekta jindabad.
government should listen to the farmers and give them full support. Nation is rise up because of them
They are not just farmers
I am son of farmer myself and believe me this is sad day for farmers .Maybe good for punjab farmers but not good for all other Indian farmers. 
Nonviolent agitation is all good. It might not affect the general Modi support. But SG points correctly, in no way, the protest for/of Farmers against the laws should take shape of an agitation for Identity  among the Sikhs of Punjab.
In india we must must must must need few good leaders who actually support everyone.
If every person dislike his debates and his channel definitely he wil also take back his nonsense words used for farmers
this law is not just for Punjab or Haryana its for all states where it is required , they are just thinking about themselves , look at Maharashtra farmers are dying
Glad to see that the whole country is standing strong with the farmers! Not only the country, but the whole world is also watching and is supporting the protest. Modi used to remind me of the "Naked King", but seems that our eyes are now opening!
Jai hind I support bjp
And I request the people of india to not make this a religious issue as not only farmers but the citizens are also doing that
3. If govt want to endorse and promote new farming on sunflower, oil seeds as you said it should be done through education, training, institutions and govt agencies as it was done in green revolution not through laws straight away, our farmer is smart they will do it
Farmer cannot survive on market , give them security of msp . Then they can produce fruits too.
Koi kisan Nahi he sirf politics up election tak chalega.
We farmers oppose this antifarmer. Bill
We will continue to bring our hope that the day is not far away when the farmers will understand the benification of those  triple laws. Till then the decision what pm modi took is correct.
Farmers were not alloted a place to protest. It was an open jail, farmers who went there were not allowed to come out
Farmers Protests was peaceful
Atleast now other news channel can think of shifting their interest...a perfect day for reaching all citizens of india..support to farmers...laws cannot be forced specialiy when they are significantly wrong...let's see how long this govt can ignore.
This is what modi and his parties attitude towards farmers...
1. MSP(Minimum support price) should not be done away with -  Govt. will continue with MSP
Farmers should have small meetings in villages & educate people. Farmers need MSP garntee law on 23 fassals. Vote ki chot. No vote for bjp. Bjp will loose state governments. Indian from UK.
Support for the farmers from Alabama USA!
Sir come to up , bihar and mp and see the reality itself. You will see most of farmer dont even know how to sell at msp.  Up west, haryana, punjab farmers have larger land and rest have only survival level land.
They have taken decision to take back, but 3 farm law still there.   Chronological Samjho UP , Punjab election
Bad decision. They can leave it on states to act or use these laws for their farmers instead of repealing it all together. Bad only vad.
3)1947 to 2020 our farmers are still in low profile.that's y most of educated people will prefer white color job.
It is not for Sikh but for Farmers
But if you are a supporter of human rights, environmental protection, then you ought to read the laws first, and see the agricultural trends in India, and then comment.
I think these laws are very important for the country.  Middlemen must go. They are reaping the benefits of MSP, not the smal  and marginal farmers.
Thankuuuuuu soooo much for understanding the problems of our farmers 
3-4 BJP workers has also died.. India's best biased channel...
Regarding MSP , we cannot compare any electronic or other goods wth agricultural products, since, dayby day it will perish.. And who will buy any spoiled or perished things. The rice even produced frm a single land will not be of same quality. So if there is hundred kg, seventy will get good price, and for the remaining , price will be lower. Some times at the time of harvesting rain may come, or lot of problems which can affect the quality and price. More than that, Since india is a member of WTO, corporates have a choice to buy low cost food crops frm other countries. And Central govt. is spending billions of rupees every year in the agriculture sector through various subsidies and schemes. And in the newspapers we can check the prices of crops daily...(,Pls CHECK)
1) How will all transactions currently happening in APMC give MSP to the farmer?
All the parties know the problems, yet are not ready to accept the reality? Know that even changing the law may not help? Are calling themselves as well wishers of farmers? Please stop politics. Think and talk straight. Please give the farmers a best price. Let the economy grow. Let the farmers become comfortable.
So far 150 farmers died during protest by severe cold and still the dictator is being indifferent about it
Can someone please explain to me why the Indian government is doing this to their farmers?
wt is this shit,?why u bring political people for decision, bring general public who belongs to Delhi and eat food everyday grown by farmers
Thanx to the News24 that they are bringing forward the Farmers' Struggle.
India must b devided in many parts and one of them part khalistan
Can someone send a memo around the newsroom, that changal reddy is pro farm reforms? Should've seen Vishnu's face yesterday on the big fight. Also he lies with impunity, MSP is not the on ground standard, only 6% of farmers are able to sell their crops at MSP.
70%of India is Farmers how can police fight with them
'They're Trying to Wipe Us Off the Map.' Small American Farmers Are Nearing Extinction.
Farmers - dismiss it otherwise we will destroy indian property as it costs nothing and we will ruin republic day which meant a lot respect to India
10%rich farmers won over the 90%poor farmers.... today we saw, Democracy also manipulated by few
The best CM Yogi ji 
Plz sir explain why only farming product price are same for very long time...
Asaduddin awaisi clearly said that he is against Taliban terrorists , don't misleading people's show full clips
Now tell me one thing, let's take example of Bihar where APMC has been abolished in 2006. But if you see income growth of Bihar farmers it is -0.8%. so isn't clear this bill won't do any magic as such alone ???
I am Punjabi and stand with farmers
Never support these three bill
You should have given a little focus on the states who already have this new system implemented for a long time for e.g. Bihar. Has there any improvement in the State of Farmers of Bihar ? No.
This protest and blocking of laws may be harming India in a big way but it is DEFINITELY helping BJP politically. The opposition parties are digging their own grave and going in deeper and deeper.
But when Indian Govt tries to copy paste the same Laws here all the International media starts crying for farmers why didn't they support their farmers from their countries
The laws on paper are by and large good (with a few exceptions like not mentioning MSP on paper or no access to courts)... But the benefits of this level of privatisation are usually limited to those who are already well established and have the capacity to take advantage of the benefits. Poor farmers may not be able to do so... Given the high level of poverty in the country, especially in rural areas, we.cannot completely do away with government support.
Maashaallah.if farmers can make their own godown and sell it will be a revolutionary movement historical Move in the agricultural sector.Allah make it easy for all farmers inshaallah aameen
Farmers have been committing suicide in India since the 1990s. What is the govt doing to help them? And why didn't the govt talk to the farmers before passing the Farm Bills? Is India a democracy anymore?
He is just trying to do his duty and taking orders from BJP leaders. Delhi Police first gave permission for rally then barricaded the assigned road and shot farmers. Now this Police Officer is angry.
Farmer's  leaders  lost their  identity  by these 3 bills benefited  to farmers M.S.P must be announced  as early  done
U have ask the question with Kisan.. Now go & ask questions with BJP culprit minister. .. If  there is Journalism left in your SOUL...
It was a really good move for marginal farmers granting them security and ability to earn more than MSP now again there will be suicides
Who is giving these so called poor farmers money for protesting since last 10 months
Big farmers of Punjab and Haryana who sell at MSP to FCI in these mandis are thinking (and are forced to think by politicians) that in future Govt. may stop procuring at MSP (but the ordinance does not say this at all) of wheat and Rice and if prices fluctuates on lower side then they may loose because then they have to sell to private traders. BUT why not the other farmers of India are protesting. The Answer is....................MSP is announced for all over India for 25 crops but SINCE 1965........(when FCI got established).............FCI HAS PROCURED ONLY WHEAT AND RICE AND MAINLY FROM THESE TWO STATES PUNJAB AND HARYANA (and to a certain level from MP, Rajasthan, Chattisgarh also). BUT mostly Punjab and Haryana farmers, traders, commission agents, govt has benefitted till now. And who has lost...........135 crore Indians, All other state's farmers.
we are again thanking BBC for telecasting for ground reality otherwise media of India is working under government's hand
All are supporting farmers Im from Bangalore I have to catch a train today to Mumbai at 8 30 pm. I have to reach Bangalore Cantonment station by this evening. Are trains operating today? I pray for the welfare of all farmers but please my request is civilians must not be affected
What about And what's the difference the proposal of Dr Manmohan Singh then finance minister in 1991 and the present farmers bill.That time BJP opposed the proposal and that proposal became silent .It should also be studied and discussed .
Kisan to bahut bhola hai, he had saved Indian economy during covid pandemic. But govt policies are against farmers. That's why they are committing suicide. As per govt data suicide rates are increasing.
Secondly, the law states that the farmer cannot go to a court in a dispute. You very well know what will happen at ground level in a country like India. 
Government decided to repeal, 3 Farm Laws,  details are mentioned by Shri Narendra Modi, P.M.,
I have watched many videos( not sugar coating)but this video made me clear the concept of farm bill and protest. Thankyou
The scene is very painful for the family of who lost their love ones wether farmers or people sorry
Disappointed by the incorrect cooverage of farms protests. Modi govt is trying to setup a parallel system for crop procurement, slowly and gradually they will eliminate MSP. Then how will you ensure that the kissans get the right price for their crops. Moreover small farmers don't have money or resources to fight big companies in court in case of contract violations, in that case mist of them will end of losing their lifetime savings if a company rejected their crops based on quality issues. 
Why only Punjab farmers, why not farmers in south India and other states are protesting? This looks all politically motivated!
State government should provide MSP/MPP(min purchase price) for all crops grown in their region or they should list out minimum purchase price for crops from farmers for contractual farming.  All crops/regardless of their growing size should have a fixed (MSP/MPP) price detailed out every year by local state government .   When there is an agricultural ministry in place and people are sitting there to work for benefit of country, I am sure they surely can come out with what is fair price for each crop in every season depending upon market and region. Thus I am still not sure what prevents govt in deciding MSPs. Let's say they are not in position to provide MSP/MPP right away this year due to lack of infrastructure ( storage ) then they should obviously be compelled to build such infrastructure at a rate that they can confirm the MSP would be applicable from that date onwards and so would be the laws.
We people must support farmers if we love our own mother - father - children.
Now it for each one of us, the Patriots of India, to stand with PM Narendra Modi in this hour where he is fighting 2.5 war, rather than going ballistic against him and defeat his efforts in neutralizing 0.5 war with enemy within, including the Lobby Judges occupying sizeable seats in Supreme Court. 
Aaj tak zee news abp news godi media shame on you
Niw i think only farmers can save farmers.Those farmers who supports this law should come on roads otherwise future of farmers is dark.
700 farmers died shame on modi
Suppose ..Even if d bill bad....if they work this much in farm or use brain in agri tech other than protesting strategy....they would have earn more than they would have lose
We need change!! Enough BJP.. the eight of happy india..
Police, don't lay your hands on these blessed farmers. To survive you need them. Respect them. Honour them. They are the backbone of India. If you, police care for justice and truth, see to it that these farmers receive what they are peacefully protesting for.
Many of the reforms during 90s like industrial licensing were passed in hurry and not much attention.The reason they had to take it back is bcoz state elections are not synchronized with the national election.No reforms will work unless it is fixed.Also the fact that few states can decide the fate of all other people in India just bcoz they will vote in next few months is dangerous than dictatorship.
My dear media fellow , sorry for your mind-set that every decision is taken keeping in mind elections . In other words you means that all decisions were taken keeping in mind elections and  especially present regime . Salute to your analysis . But you have no time to discuss pros and cons of farm Bill. Thanks and regards 
UP Elections. Shame on modi cabinet. You could have done it before. You have lost your high ground. Face humiliation and downfall.
Will Rakesk Tikait or any other farmer leader take responsibility if a Pregnant Woman fails to reach Hospital on time or if someone's Family Member or their Pet animal in critical condition dies in ambulance? 
you think we people are fool we know that you are the part of political so don't teach a farmer. Every farmers know all types of trading.
This farmer laws was repealed due to your fear of loosing in election ....Jai jawan Jai kisan ( I support our Indian
We fight for the oppressed today the farmer  why not make msp law modi that will make farmers income increase 
At last Farmers are made to fight amoung themselves. This is the handy work of BJP. Very soon there will be a fight between the Indian People. The Supreme y can't be a mute Spectator. It may intervene after thousands of Farmers will die
*God bless you for the great talk* . This is the truth whatever you delivered in this video . Kisan ikata Zindabad . Modi sarkar  . Sach ki hamesha jeet hoti hai .
Good samajwadi party is not in power they support gundagardi..since the time BJP is in power it's only the gundas in  UP are being hunted down..
Shameless is modi and shameless is Zee TV.
I wish them well. They need to protect themselves. I am sorry to hear that Modi is considered to be worse than Trump. Thankfully, we have removed him, but our country may never be the same. Climate change will exacerbate all of these issues in the coming years. I will pray for the farmers in Punjab and all across India!
Modi prepared->Hindhu-muslim ..... while farmers protest ->out of syllabus....
TALIBAN: Than you Indian bruders, how about sending a few more, and please include your Rafales. No Tejas please, they are not up to our standard.
Russian Revoloution protests. Indian farmer edition.
4. New laws give opportunity to farmers to sell their produce to private entities which give higher prices as he likes , but may not be same as government but definitely much higher than those bloodsucking middlemen.
Waheguru ji  support farmers ,hope each and every person stays safe
Those are expensive vehicles and farmers from pujab is very rich.But others are not.If government takes back this act, then definitely we will protest.Govt.isnt fool that goes against others for the sake of just 1-2 state.
I'm a farmer too, from Bihar and we support capitalism.
In our country nearly 40% of vegetables / fruits produced are getting wasted / rotten due to non availability of cold storage facilities. Even large scale farmers can not offer for such a huge investment required for cold storage facilities. Reliance industries had invested nearly 1000 crores in Bangla desh to develop cold storage facilities to overcome the wastage of perishable items produced in Bangla desh. However, the same Reliance Industries is scared to invest in India due to adverse criticism of our opposition parties.
agar foji esh desh ka darkan hay to kisaan esh desh ka dil hay .dil  jinda raha to darkan salegi .so dont involved army in this case government have lot of other reserve force and lot of specialist of politics solve this problem by meeting with them .this lal killa case  is happen only for government failure. if farmer dont need this act then why government forced for this act.
3:21 Kisan Anthem's line sung by Afsana Khan written on the poster. That's kinda slap on Indian Medias, Shame on our Fake media 
the farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab and Haryana  there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers.  in Punjab and Haryana, the farmers are not only from from jatt caste or sikhs, there are also pundits, Brahmins , and dogar farmers in Punjab.  Farmers feed the nation.Big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Ebany,  Adnany , these big companies are  controlling Modi. These bills are designed to   make  each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmer will have no option to sell to another buyer due to lack of logistics and lack  resources , and  the big companies have the logistics and they  will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and  export to other countries. This  will cause  food shortage in India,because big companies will  able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the  business tycoons, and big companies. The GST is hurting the small shops, small factories, Modi needs to be removed from his throne.
this videos is misleading apmc is just a medius of selling where govt. play part to assure trade security for farmer. and if buiscuit company need grains he can come to apmc market to buy. there is no restriction to sell at any market. you can sell at any apmc market. farmer from bihar come to punjab to sell their produce in punjab/haryana to get good price for their produce as govt. have ended their apmcs decades ago.
Zee news staffs are good actors ....beghairat media
Absolutely misguiding. The example given that out of auctioned price of rupees 100 farmers gets only 10 in APMC is grossly wrong. Middleman I.e.Commision Agent is paid only a commission and other service charges, thus essentially there is no middleman between trader and farmer in APMC. Traders being small and many there is no cartelization whereas as per new Bill's it will be a monopoly.  On  a burning issue every   Tom, Dick and Harry starts opinioatating even if he has no first hand knowledge of the subject. This man did exactly the same.
Twitter par sabko hashtag chalana chahiye  farmers ke liye
Without Farmers No Food.
Farmers' protest started with great intent, and to be honest they have got a lot improved through discussions with the government. The MSP is guaranteed along with other demands that were put in as a check to not let corporate overlords take advantage of vulnerable farmers. 
POINT OUT AT LEAST ONE FARMER IN THIS FISH MARKET
Farmers are asking for govt. help which is called regulation which govt. can not provide for the sake of corporates.
You said that Punjab and Haryana farmers avail the whole msp of country because they are rich. No sir the reason is because in Punjab nd Haryana have well defined  Network comparing to other state and they produce mostly rice and wheat 
Bjp isnow so good at ignoring problems in the country that they don't even see farmers walking on the street.
Its the same with us Pashtuns, when we fight and die on Indian borders and in other conflicts, we are not terrorists, but when we ask for our own rights, we then automatically are labelled terrorists.
More power to our farmers
My father also farmer nothing wrong in these bills
Also request you to cover why the farmer laws are passed as ordnance. When ordnance are required
No chance for Celebrations,  now Opposition parties have to get answers for their vehement opposition to farm laws, to silent majority farmers who were busy in their farms, couldn't manage to come on to roads in support of farm laws. This is a master stroke by Modi sir, still not understood by Rahul and likes of him.
2. The flag is not Khalistan flag it is Sikh community flag just like muslims flag ( green color with a moon and a star) which is similar to Pakistan flag but cannot say they a Pakistani that shows your
Agar kisan apne matlab aur swarth ke liye NARENDRA MODI JAISE NETA KO HARANA CHAHTE HAIN TO SHARM AANE LAGI H MUJHE IS DESH ME JANM LENE SE
APMC: is there as ever but if they were that much solving problems why farmers were doing suicides
No details what the new agricultural laws are? Anything to hide? They wouldn't riot without a reason! I resonate with farmers, I know when they do that they have a valid reason. Otherwise they have no time for that.
Therefore, in my view this agitation will NOT be called off on one pretext or the other till coming elections in the five states are over. However, the BJP supporters who had become hostile due to this agitation, may be back,though in lesser numbers.
Each farmer has the strength of  lifting 2 policemen each hand, still they are maintaining peace. thats the meturity.
Whoever questioned the farmers today in this PC on Teni resignation demand, hats off to him for possession of audacity to ask a question which can corner both SKM & government.
it is the duty of farmers to educate themselves nobody is going to save them ..govt can only provide a growth environment.....it is time farmers stop looking at govt as saviour all the time
Farmers:Protest
They has to at this time... Elections are on the way! Smart move BJP!
Anchor is not asking the question to rulling party from where they learn . Sahi answer by Rakesh tiket
Farmers poors Students workers have no idea about the power of Modi...
This so called farmer's leader fully  responsible  of Delhi danga . Govt take strict action and send whole life jail. Also khalistani
SIR I SUPPORT FARM LAW BUT AGAR FARMERS NI CHAHTE THEN ITS OK..MERE PAPA BHI FARMER H BUT THEY SUPPORT IT AND MANY HERE ALSO SUPPORT THE FARMER LAWS  KOI BAAT NI SIR LOVE U
This is tip of the iceberg.. The rest of the iceberg is, passing the bill non deliberative way in sep 2020..then letting them protest for about a month in Punjab.. When they started marching towards Delhi in late November, government didn't bother to address them. Whatever is happening now is wrong absolutely wrong, and what happened ever since September 2020 from rajysabha, was equally wrong.
If bjp comes to power because of this politicians. Yogandar yadav ko dor karo kisan manch se
Bhaiya you are doing the great job, today we came to know that ho farm bills is passed undemocratically
why are farmers building their own homes. They should make parliament their temporary residence.
So called andolankari Farmers aur ameer logo ke bich middle class bich m phas gya hai
Farmers are really hardworking, very strong and powerful. I hope they bring the change.
I really liked your explanation of the farm bills and the execution that will happen as a consequence but I do not agree with your solution to prevent exploitation. Instead of controlling the market like in the Soviet or Ashokan Model, government should enable more competition and support creative destruction of the existing companies or within the companies. Steps can be promotion of start-ups in this sectors, enabling infra required to grow, ease of finance etc. @ThinkSchool
Captain is the one who started the farmer agitation and has won modi has no face now fir 2024.
 Only 6 percent of the farmers avail of the procurement facility of the govt under MSP. And most of  the other farmers trade with local small scale traders with their price fluctuating. Hence making MSP mandatory will send those small scale traders to jail. That fear in those traders will adversely effect farmers since they wont find much buyers. So legalising MSP is redundant and is also disadvantageous to the farmers.
Farmers are simply asking for an assurance that MSP will continue and that they'll get electricity subsidies. 
Trevor I am glad u brought that up but just try to think ur country too have these law like the rest of the world. In india farmers works on very small lands that's why govt. made these laws as an option, old system is there to stay which u didn't mentioned. Red fort incident , Khalistan movement which u didn't mentioned. There are some problems with the law which can be sorted out. Now u know something
Shame on bjp for allowing this to drag on , I didnt vote for yogi to see this
Picture abhi baki hai...  the original farmers will come to know  the difference between both law.  Nice move by modi.
It is now Janandolan and I am sure our farmers must succeed this govt has to Bend
I have no interest in the Civil Services. Just watch your videos to stay educated about various topics. Probably the best explaination of Farm Bills I've heard
Also parallelly the govt has introduced Kisan Rail and a dedicated freight corridor. This is also interlinked with these laws if you could see things in toto. I would suggest you to go through Ashok gulati's articles on farm bills or someone who is an agricultural economist.
i always support farmers
What? That's a farmers union flag for you? Are you blind?
PM Modi u embarassed ur own ppl, by bending in front of goons. To vote Modi is our compulsion coz there is no other option, but letting ur own ppl down is shame for Modi sarkar.
This is not a farmer's protest but a Khalistani separatist protest (nothing to do with our  nationalist Sikh brothers and sisters) which was earlier nicknamed as "Referendum 2020". Almost every Indian farmers are actively welcoming the new farm lays, which will remove the evil middlemen who exploit the farmers and buyers. For eg. Farmers are forced to sell potatoes to middlemen only for 2 per kilo while those same middlemen sell the potatoes to common citizens @  30 per kilo. Shame on you Al Jazeera for supporting terrorists and anarchists.
Really Impressed by this strong SIKH Community. Love the way they are supporting each other in this tough situation. Our support and best wishes from Pakistan are with you all. Keep striving for your Rights
Say no to socialism: life is difficult. Get a better job than just being a farmer and stop complaining
Biased news channel... Wrong depiction of Modi and laws as anti farmers. Laws were to avoid interference of middleman, who were taking advantage of high price, but farmers were unable to get proper prices.
Pls withdraw all the F.I.R and give compensation to farmer who losses their lives in protest. Happy Farmer Happy India. Let's make democratic india strong .
Farmer protest became large 1million and now big threat for PJP Govt.
Farmers from other areas are not farmers!irony!!only haryana and Punjab have farmers ,do not find anything logical,SC is true and rational
These are not farmers. These are congress party members from Punjab. Wake up media! Wake up! When will you ask tough questions?
India has good farmers at the same time a good ration network to distribute the same produce to people who need it. Why not get ration and farmers connected, if health is wealth, it that not a better options for people who need food.
Mr. Reddy, We should not trust Government because 15Lakh does not came to my account. In 2016 In parliament Modi said by 2022 Farmers income shall be doubled, till this day there is no plan to implement or even consideration to increase the income.
Thank you for your wonderful coverage. It is really heart touching. We are all with our beloved & brave Farmers. If our Givt is not moved by this, they are heartless unworthy of Human being. Wishing our Farmers all success . Jai Kissan  .we all love you.
Whatever the farmer does, the minister and his son will never be arrested because BJP is ruling both at the center and in the state.
Modi for is 2 Brothers , ADANI and  AMBANI.. not for  our FARMERS...if FARMERS  ask for they 3 UNLAWFUL FARMERS, MODI and His BJP  Gunda, will Ride a CAR'S  on them.. shame on you BJP. Jai Hind Jai Jawan Jai Kisan. 
See the problem in our nation is the opposition being completely biased and oppose every bill made by the government in power and when there is a real problem in any bill then the government also thinks that opposition are habitual of opposing and they don't realize the flaws in the bills. So what we have to do is make opposition understand that support the current government in bills which are flawless and the government should listen the opposition on the real flaws in the bills. Only then our country will prosper. 
Thank you for showing something that Indian main stream media is afraid of showing!
BJP is not going to get any additional votes by repealing Farm laws.
Thanks sister for supporting Kisan mazdoor
Another argument is that contract farming will benefit the farmers because they will get an assured price, pre-written in the contract. They say that this will give them a better price -  such as to at least cover their input costs. Some economists suggest that the laws will empower the farmers into a commanding position where they would be able to dictate their own terms and prices. If that is REALLY so, then why doesn't the government jump in and write an MSP?
3) Farmers will get deserving prices for crops
Answer  : - Indian  farmers 
By the way, Some of the farmers for some money from various political parties have taken the gold away from many farmers of India. Sad to see
Need justice for. Farmers
Public has completely understood antisocial, antipoor, anti farmers and pro capitalists communal agenda of BJP
Stop your propaganda .. There is an option for farmers whether they want to sell to Mandi or want to sell to other places. They are not bounded anymore..
It's very sad about the farmers plight, but PM is adamant seems he does not listen to any one, does what he does best, only diverts issues all the time.
The most painful phase for a farmer on this century
Todayyou make me PROUD Mr. Tarek thank youmost of the time you have nothing else to talk about but India, Pakistan, Muslims, Islamand all that bullshit that we and our parents and grandparents left behind.and moved to Canada a long ago
However, im not afraid of conundrums coming in my way subjected to farm bills...will explain them all....
If govt want help farmers, why can't they order the corporates to buy from APMC on MSP?
5:10 why do you think the farmers will move out of the regulated system.
No farmer from rest of the country is interested,,, seems sponserers are running short of money ..
Search in this name THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT ON
Go back farmer
Honestly explained the truth of farmer's protest  love from Panjab
The minority of Punjabi, haryana farmers won. But India lost...
Its a govt of adani & ambani...representatives...who care about farmers  sensation
We can't see more death of our farmers.
Can we get rid of exploitation, If Government fixes a range of Minimum Support Price and Maximum Retail Price for all goods ?
I don't get it I have read all the clause of the bill it helps the farmer but why all this protest ?? Plz help me to understand by not calling me a bhakt  iam a neutral person 
Government should clear to farmar's about this bill.
I agree with all of this. But then, why are the demands put up by the representatives of our farmers to the Government totally unrelated to these issues?
None of this is necessary if the government just fullfil the demand put forwarded by the farmers.
For those asking, below is the link for the video, where we discussed the farm bills in greater detail. As far as the impact of removing the monopoly of APMCs in Bihar goes,  it did not have a positive impact on the farmers: Private investment  and farm prices  Below is the link for the 2019 study conducted by National Applied Council of Economic Research.
Sir how is the trading of agricultural produce done in kerala...why is it different from APMC system..also does it  mean that the govt is not providing MSP benefit to farmers in kerala?
Very good action by BJP MPs and their supporters, by hitting the farmers they want to bring an end to the farmers protest. Is this Vikas of the country what BJP meant?, Shame on BJP and it's Govt. 
I feel Farmers are behaving like they are some superior species and commoner owe something. In 20 years, hardly any food would manually be grown. Will see, what will they back then instead of "we feed you" (like for free).
There are lots of cooperative societies build by farmers but all are driven by political people.
Is concensus possible in the parliament when we have pro-pakistan, pro- Khalistan and pro-china elements in the opposition ? Same things apply to the so called left leaning media also
Now everyone is talking about aryan khan. News channels are reporting that farmers burnt their cars. What else they should have done?  The bjp ministers crushed the farmers under his vehicle...jallianwala bagh 2
This protest is not for just farmer we all must join them
BJP WD MAKE HIM AN MP & MINISTER SOON.. GOONDA PARTY! SHAME MODI SHAME!
long live farmers of our country
You have continuously upholding sides of farmers great 
Time to india independent again GOVT  misused of the POWER very badly and literally i never see this type of govt in my life.. 
It's setback for farmers development
The middle man, rich farmers will get more benefit. Small farmers will stay poorer same as they were 10 years ago.
AAJ Tak channel also part of godi media......then how can you believe on his news is right....... I am following your channel From long time .. I am really disappointed with this... I am expecting always right and your own report on your channel... You are good I hope you will fix this.
Nobody should claim that Haryana farmers hold a brain. When it comes to farm bill, congress politics is all farmers understand.
Then, the fears of farmers are right, aren't they?
3. Find out what is the situation of punjab   when it comes  to farming. The num of cancer cases that region have and reason behind it.
How did they dare to touch our national flag and the one which is hosted upon laal killa.That's to much yarrrr.....Kitna kuch kiya government ne to solve the problem middle way bhi nikala par farmers are not ready kitna violence hai..Republic day ke din flag ko utar ke unka flag lagana is to much man..
Love you kissan bros ... I am also a farmer
Shame on us for not standing with these farmers.
Such an wonderful explanation !  I am amazed by hearing the data though !! Farmers are really in a very bad shape. Hope they will get themselves empowered someday and than only can match an eye with these bills or so called acts!!
FArmers want govt to BE WITH THEM, GOVT IS SAYING THESE PRIVATE PLAYERS ARE WITH YOU to take care of your exploitation. WAAH!
I support farmer protest, please keep on doing this or else i will have to leave my job and start doing journalism thought i dont know how to but atleast i can show truth
Farmers in India are brave, especially sikh community.
Why not. President of India can not visit. Lakhimpur kehri and farmers family of murderd unlucky family? Is president of India has no right to visit this place or he dont want and thinking that it is not important .
There were some media channels which went to great lengths to explain the benefits of these farm laws. Begs the question now are these laws good or BAD. What about those farmers who died during the protests.
why are people so toxic.. Until now they criticized Govt for not withdrawing farmlaws... now they are criticizing again citing this as an election stunt.... Guys...come on.. BJP can't win Punjab elections anyhow...
Farmers are given full freedom to sell their products to any one of their choice.
Yes Farmers in Bihar sell their produce at prices much below MSP. No wonder the miserable condition of farmers there.
Godi who doesn't know how to save economy or nation knows what is good for farmers and farmers doesnot know what is good for them.
"The farmer is the only man in our economy who buys everything at retail, sells everything at wholesale, and pays the freight both ways.JFK
Meghnad has been quite fair to the proposed laws. Contract farming itself had been recommended by MS Swaminathan. The point is that since some of these reforms have already been tried out and didn't work out as expected, coz you know, the world is not ideal, doubts regarding their implementation and discussion of steps (with stakeholders) required to correct them are pending. The way the govt went about this is so undemocratic and farmers are clearly unconvinced is the problem with this. Last I checked, India is not an authoritarian state as per its constitution. Remember folks bold does not necessarily equate to wise.
Respect the Private sector. Adore millionaires and billionaires. Cheer for job creators. They are creating livelihood for millions of Indians!
Godi media thumbnail is so bad plz stand with farmers humble request to you 
O ji hello .. in sitapur my frnds tau ji stat. msp for wheat is 1975 but sold at 1500 rs.. below msp.. msp is only paper work but in actual it's loot by traders.. stop farm bills they are against farmers
sardaraan wangu koi na lad skta inne pressure vich lihaaz aur tameez se gal krna bohot mushkil honda hai ..(i dont know punjabi that well but my heart is punjabi..correct me if i m wrong)...you all are not alone ...its not just sikh community...its true indian community...we r proud of our farmers...we supports u...bharat ke bachhe bhudhe jawaan sab aapke saath hai...FARMERS ARE KING
You always talk of both the sides but in this video it was one sided many famers have exploited their lands by doing aggressive agriculture they dont want to pay taxes and plus need minimum support price also they are not completely wrong but there is always a grey part its not always black or white
1.the whole assumption of your video is that the mandi system is flawless, non corrupt and an angel to our farmers.
Jai Jai BJP Jai Bharat Jai Hind Vandy Mataram Bharat MATHAKI Jai.  Go back  mandi valla.  You will support to new agricultural bill.
But you didn't say what happens to the farmers if the farm laws are adopted.
Modi earned shame for India
Are Farmers only found in one state Harayana
We Tamils support Sikhs and all farmers protesting there! 
Why can't Anurag Thakur  to do a Goli maro roar on the farmers? 
Third point. Private players will invest the money in farm land and then recover them by accepting produce and compensating the farmers. Every private player is well aware of dynamic demand and they have supply chain competencies for the same. So if the farmer has extra produce then it will be taken by corporates.
Farmers hiting them is good but then police cannot do anything to these fraud anndata these are not farmers they are goons
Govt in Punjab is also controlled by these very influential Rich farmers' lobby
Farmers have been used by all political parties. 
I would lije it if you read the 3 farm laws 1st cause what you said is literally opposite of the whole thing!
I stand with Farmers & always will...fight for what you believe in!
Look at those policemen. Pelting stones at the farmers. Pathetic.
Farmer protests is something you won't understand. To understand it, you should know the ground reality. Poor farmers were been a puppet in someone's or some group's. Republic Day violence had a direct link with Pakistan backed Khalistani group. The IMF projected that these new laws will strengthen the agricultural sector and can bring double income to the farmers.Even the US admitted that new farm laws will be good to the farmers.
Now punjab need freedom to india
Sir according to me in essential commodity act was enacted when there was shortage of food in india now we have abundant of food n eventually this also get wasted due to fact that every farmer release their crop in same time ,this lead to the lower prize and wastage of food and now they can store the crop and wait for gud time  for prize to come up .
Wonderful  but wonder the repealing. Elections the reason?? Let's see.
There are some who do support Khalistan on the inside
Violent clashes as Indian farmers storm Delhi's Red Fort  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2021/jan/26/violent-clashes-as-indian-farmers-storm-delhis-red-fort
And people might be thinking that these farmers represents the whole country so no way..they only represents only their part of issues...
We the people of India just vote on things shown by media pro or against Govt, but one one tells the real story behind this. Once you know in reality, that is the time when anyone is truly empowered !!
For those who sold this quite well that Adani Ambani is going to get the benefit of these laws remember one thing Adani Ambani doesn't commit suicide,bt farmers do. Goodluck with your future.
Support truth support farmers support india
save indian farmers india  democracy' rip
Now the time has come for Pakistan and taliban.  Let's wait and see how they play their games
*Answer* : First, When Ramjanmbhoomi-Babari Mosque case was in court, then Bharatiy Janata Party had organized Ram Rath Yatra. Similarly, case is against farm-laws in the court and kept it in abeyance, still farmers may protest against the farm laws. A case is in the court about any dispute or not, the people have right to movement in both situation. The movement is a kind of expression. The people have fundamental right to expression according the article 19(1)(a) and have fundamental right to assemble peaceably for movement according article 19(1)(b) and government has right to make law about both fundamental rights according article 19(2) and (3) of the Constitution of India.
Thank you for educating us on the salient features of the three bills. Very informative and unbiased. For a critic of Modi government to praise the bills shows your objectivity.
Last mei....Tikait - All anchors will contest election was hilarious
These laws concern farmers who do not want them  modi should repeal the laws country is with the farmers there is no use projecting an image abroad when the conditions in india are so dismal the stark reality of india
Government acting as dumbard...must listen and repeal laws against farming 
Ple.kick.out.b.j.p.in.all.india.no.e.v.m.in.all.india.
97% farmers in India are happy with laws apart from Punjabi  Sikhs , Haryanavi jats and UP jats .
which school those people got media degree....>  never ask any questions to ruling party, only trolling to kisan neta....ridiculous...Kisan should boycott all GODI media, AAJTAK, ABP, INDIA tODAY, ZEE, NEWS 18, Tv9 etc......nonsense!!!
Farm laws are good for this country. Punjab farmers shd reconcile to this rather than driven by greed. Government Retreat is a blunder. What you mean by brute majority, they are elected to govern and that is what is expected from them not discuss till the cows come home.
I stand with all green farmers!! I stand for justice, i stand for basic necessities!! Not luxury, it is the root of our survival from past, now, and in future sustainably 
These Are Anti National or what Modi Jii ???  What About Sharjeel Imam he talked about the blockade result is in front of you  he is booked under sedition kya hoga India Ka ???
Even RSS farmers union is also against this bill they know exactly what is going to happen due to this bill. Paapi Paitt ka swaal hai.
For real  # I support farmers
Elite farmers won against government. Poor farmers lost to oppression of elite farmers and also government.
Help the farmers.
Wow.....you people can see the injured cops, but not several farmers which are dying everyday.....you can see that farmers went on other routes......but you can't see that farmers are on the roads from more than 3 months......it's not easy to sit on road in such cold.....every person have a limit from these many days farmers were protesting without any violence, no one can see that....and still if you blame all farmers than .......just shame at you.....
Sooner or later the laws are needed. Sorry the Jat farmers are not able to understand the laws.
Also its very incredible to see that the farmers are very welcoming to samdhish! 
We are with farmers of punjab
Go Indias Farmers. Inshaallah You succed in your struggle
Govt. Call water canons to wash farmer's tractor ... 
MODI JI JINDABAD YOGI JI JINDABAD RAM RAM JI JINDABAD JINDABAD JINDABAD is 
3. The most important of the lot. Doesn't these farm laws, in the long run, will reduce the number of independent small farmers and bring them into the service sectors?
We support farmers, will support them forever but rejecting good laws in not in national interest. Also, once this government loses majority (for good) next time, such watershed laws will once again become a dream. Plug the lacuna and move on !
Please help these people on the road. They are the sole bread winners of India. MODI it's biggest shame on you. Roshni Singaporean
I am a law student , My father is a Farmer. Thanks for rising your voice, disscuss about the real facts of farmer. Love from Assam.
UPA: PM Manmohan Singh interacting and meeting with the farmers in their own backyard, 
I am in Pune wish I would have been in Delhi to serve my Kisan brothers in any small way as I am born in Delhi I know how Strong are my Punjabi Bhai They are Lions
Free Punjab,Nagaland,Kashmir and Assam from indian imperialists!
Other lives also matter , not only farmers 
Personally i think these laws are good for agriculture industries, except 3rd point in which farmers can only go to SDM in any dispute.
Its the other way around. Now there is massive support for the laws both from india and outside after people read the laws. The chakka jam was a complete failure with no support from any part of india.
No understand of you dont have food then you can live in your life no write   ...i always sport to farmer.....modi mruda bad ...farmer jidabadh
Dear RSS  and BJP goons please go to Afghanistan  and give them freedom from Taliban and help Afghans.   
Farmers deserve more respect than this.
Our leaders are not learning from past, There will no peaceful protest, I am sure on it. We have seen how in just one day they become violent. Let not apply All three Bill in Punjab, if they want to be deprived let it be. because they think they are in better situation. While Punjab is one of the state in which Farmer suicide is big issue.
If the Government is giving a legislative backing to MSP, it should be done by keeping in view all kinds of farmers,  not just those from Haryana and Punjab who can come to Delhi and create cvil disorder. Is not a person from Kerala growing cashew and rubber a farmer? 
90% of the people in this interview (Delhi people), it appeared understood the Farmer issue and they were supportive of the farmers. Very happy to see fellow Delhiites concerned for the farmers. Just don't understand howcome these same Delhiites voted for the same BJP and Modi into power (from Delhi). Maybe Modi did vote rigging.
There is a solution to scenario b tho,if the govt sees that farmers begun to get less price in the long term ,govt and just make a simple adjustment and and make msp for private market too.
Please let everyone know the reality   we support farmers
The words of this feku cannot be trusted unless the demands of the farmers are implemented.
 80% farmers own only less than 2 hectares /5-acre land.
Good job  I have no words for you.   Love from Punjab .    Godi media sikho kuj ensee shame on you godi media 
I hope sincerely, that government listens to them in peaceful contact...and pray my farmer brothers to be patient and protest unless they are listened to, which I believe they will be listened to, they don't have other choice...
shame on bjp and modi govt
Reason they lost this battle is because they stared riots with Anti Hindu slogans, if they stick to farmers slogan all Indians would support them
What will happen if P.M.Modi does not find place in media for even one day?Imagine.
Ajay Mishra and your son barsted wait Next election results see no more BJP
P Sainath on a tv channel said this would never materialize and a farmer on a bullock cart  can never go from Punjab to Bengal or vice versa and this is on helping corporates to squeeze the agriculture!Only times ahead will reveal ..
foundation of 2022 Punjab elections.
Withdral of farmers Bill is not good decession of gov't
The government should not yield to such arm twisting tactics by this MINISCULE MINORITY of the Indian population. Farmers are over-pampered with various concessions and subsidies. Giving back very little to the consumers.
Zee news trying his best to show farmers as criminals
It is now a lost case for Modi. If he goes back and withdraw it , it will hurt his ego. If does not do so, he will loose people's mandate. Very likely he will do the same error of judgment about farming communities and emotion attached to farmers of people at large.
Before 2014 election We will change the minimum support price. There will be a new formulathe entire cost of production and 50% profit. It will not only help farmers but this step will also not allow anyone to loot farmers,"  Modiji 
Either farming is regulated or not, the one and only getting screwed are the farmers. If government intervenes, special interests thrive through selective licensing. If it is a free market, capitalist succeed and monopolize the market. Either or it is a lose, lose situation for both farmers and consumers. The only option you have is choosing between the lesser evil.
They ignored the initial smoke coming from punjab and paid the price.
Brother these farmers are only from one part of the of country those who refused to even read the bill ..... Bill is for the benifits of the farmers but other political parties in the county brain washed them and provoked them for protest. I would like if you read the bill once. Many parts of the country are happy with the bill because they understand the bill and know the advantages of the bill. Please do more research before making a video on any political, cultural , historical or religious matter. Anyway your comedy videos are awesome I love them 
I wish we had protested against CAA with the enthusiasm and passion that the farmers protested with.
So do india tries same with farmers protest with nrc caa protest with 370 abolition protest USA do in their protest no one speaks then
Unless the farmers are given industry status the big data to produce supply and demand, weather patterns and water available will be distant dream.
Tthese are not farmers.
I support Farmers 
In the second bill when the demand is low the private player will buy at low price from farmers, so if the farmer return to the mandi the demand is still low at market and he will still not be able to sell at msp. So he has to get to party workers and brokers to sell his product and still same result. Atleast he can approach multiple private players outside.
Government have to provide farmer suicides on some agriculture necessary development farming and also diff agriculture farming
Good for the farmers.....now they will get good value for their crops
Irrespective of party, successive governments have rubbed us to the ground and we need the reforms NOW. The support that we get from netas is limited to "taking oath on farmers name".
Adani fortune the contract with farmer 
This is victory of farmers..but afsos hai un kisano ke liye jinho ne apni jaan gawayi..
Those who are eating food plz pray for farmers
like indian mla in forgjn Country, or any higher post and prize etc.
very nicely explained, hope we may see another amendment on MSP kudos to all the farmers
Never forget the 700 farmers that gave their lives for this win whaguru 
Section with the reason why farmers are protesting is absolutely right, BUT the truth about the middlemen in APMC is totally wrong, example of onion is wrong, In APMC , no one can purchase crops below MSP, so it is false to say that a middlemen buys onion at 10rs,and sells at 100.middlemen nevers buys anything, it is the FCI that buys crops from farmers with the HELP of those middlemen(commission agents).so the way modi govt says  bicholiye hta diye jayenge gives a feeling of good intentions to people not connected to farming, but those connected to farming know the truth.
100 % correct analysis . Any good decision to benefit the farmers is welcome .
The issue is with farmers from specific states and they have the right to protest . When you quote about farmers suicides but then miss the point that none of the farmers from those states have been protesting, this seems biased. The person that got killed was due to him ramming his tractor into the barricades. You neither mention the specific reason people have been arrested and also fail to mention that there were 8 rounds of negotiation and a proposal to stall the law for 1.5 years, if I am not wrong, to make changes and negotiate. Hope you did your homework a bit more. A lot of Indians are pissed off with the external media coz they do not understand the specifics nor care about it and peddle their own ideology. - https://www.downtoearth.org.in/news/agriculture/every-day-28-people-dependent-on-farming-die-by-suicide-in-india-73194
Modi ji has failed once again on farmers and Sikkim village of India occupied by Chinese PLA
No need of celebration, Modi will bring the laws and it's implementation from backdoor. Otherwise why they waited till 600 farmer's death.
Interesting to see how all parties will react in debate when bill will be discussed in parliament. Generally all opposition behave against bill presented by government. Will they do it here?  And how the government will argue in favor of bill ? Can there be a GAME in parliament when opposition votes against bill and BJP do not vote or vote for NOTA(if available) ?
7 unhealthy control over small and medium farmers produce through present marketing and private segments
They are not farmer
*Non Muslim nations should not send in any troops and get trapped in current situation where outcome NARRATED will be Muslim vs Non-Muslim. As Muslims will only support Muslim----- Chin been a new friend of Taliban can send in troops & give UNSUSTAINABLE loans*
Sir apse kattai sahmat nhi,,how can u say that all farmers were against of it....
Get ready for all the BJP and Modi fanatics to go delusional in the comments
This provatisation will being innovation to farming and promote plant diversification modi is best these pajeet manjeet singh run towards kanneda who dont even gove msp they have private farming so why they oppose these bills ?
The power of my Indian farmers.
We all Support farmers 
Apne hi faide k liey Bill wapas...  Yahan bhi politics... Up election k liey....
3 farm bills are taken back by the govt. But now question is that when farm bills are implemented all the farmers of india can sell their crops to any one in any cost without the intruprion of middle man which helps them to get more benifit 
Public discourse and discussion has expanded by factor of millions under Modi govt. That's the biggest accomplishment of modi and bjp. They have elevated Indian democracy by manifolds.
The Farmers (Empowerment & Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill
TOTALLY SUPPORT THE FARMERS AS WELL AS THE AGRI REFORMS!!
j) Basic policies should not be changed. But,  additional options may be introduced for safety of farmers and the organisation. 
Farmers subject to severe hardship and suffering, away from home for more than a year and stay in Delhi borders.
Who support this bill
This is true that  flag incident was not right and most farmers are against it on that time. It was just happened because no leader is there from SKM to stop those few young frustrated farmers.
and you called them farmers wow.
I urge to Quint, Brut, Unscripted ScoopWhoop and all other Independent YouTube channels to find a way to come to TV because majority of Indian population is still watching news on TV. And those who are still watching and believing TV news must have a low IQ and they will not come to YouTube, So please reach to those minds as well if you really wnna bring transition in Indian media.
The same as in Europe ... NO FARMERS = NO FOOD
The only solution for that is farmers cooperatives and government supports.
Our farmers are protesting for there rights since from the last 8 months without caring about the pandemic situation on the other side goverment and out beloved PM doesn't care about those people who covers the major part of over country the ordinances must be roll back and the MSP must be legalise by the Government of India with protection to there MANDIS.
International media is showing farmers as victims but why don't they equally condemn their unruly behaviour as well!!
The Central Government just showing his actual face of anti poor and anti Farmer... if someone of them will lost their life ..who will be responsible???
It is funny that covid will not effect BJP'S rally  in Bihar and Bengal.
Big victory for farmers.. modis draconian laws were forced to be withdrawn
Howcome only the Punjab and Haryana farmers are doing why not others think? Because lot of mandi heads gonna loose their political leadership and state can loose around 4000cr. But in overall the new bills are most useful for the farmers but these dumb leaders wrongly guiding the farmers and dont even know what is actually in the bill. How many how them know only two products comes under MSP? Only wheat and paddy. What about the rest of the products. In India now we have excess of wheat and paddy just spoiling at the storage centers eaten by rodents!!! Wake up check the bill and you understand really what is there.
as every bill has a some pots and holes this bill too has it...but regardless of all that i think i would help farmers indeed in globalising their products...and they would not be just confined to APMC but to global market...so lets see how it goes
Now real farmers will know what they lost.
I guess their just mistrust between government and farmers!
Great investment have been done as per the delay from Modijee and BJP groverment to remove the 3bills and shame on this groverment to trouble farmer families and common public 
USA has mere 2% farmers and Europe has just 1%. On the other hand India has 76%!
This is blackmailing from farmers
Salute to everyone who gathered in support of farmers
biased channel , just go to print channel and listen to sekhar gupta viewpoint , these three laws are must for farmers to succeed.
For 2 months these Farmers has being protesting huaaaaWho Funds this Organisation this farmwr not farming where did the Funds come from Internal or External were used.The Police shd call the NIA n the CBT to Investigate immediately.
Farming will become more lucrative. Farmers will benefit big time. Good for our country.
I am with the farmers but I also feel sad for ur loss.
The whole bill must be withdrawn without any conditions. Wtf is this ,taking only 3 laws in reconsideration. Trying to fool farmers. I have never seen such a clean lier even best psychologist won't be able to detect his lies from the body language.
Give some ensurance to farmers before any so called reforms..... Corporate sector is not the solution of indian farming.... Govt cannot escape from its responsibilities.
All Bills look to be good for all, but definitely not in terms of Consumers. Secondly though it seems chances for getting good price for farmers, in reality as what is happening now, would only be with Traders to get more profit, but again those Traders would be a very few big giants and thereby resulting large number of small shops and street vendors would soon vanish from the scene. End Result.... Agri-business would become Corporate in the hands of few rich and large junk of population would become poorer.
India should also start drone operation against Taliban.
Got the goosebumps while listening to you people, Farmers really should get their right.
Shame on the shameless Modi/BJP and RSS Government.
Every farmer should vote AAP ...aam Aadmi party 
I support Indian farmers 
Media is behaving as if farmers don't have minds of their own... They are definitely not misleaded
Proud of our Kisaan  but  for Farmers who lost their lives for fighting there own rights
These are our concerns regarding Modi governments anti-farmers laws:
Hopefully this is a learning moment for the BJP. Part of the problem with the farm laws was lack of consultations leading up to it's passing.
Haryana and Punjab have joined hands , once again the two states are united more than ever . Such unity tells us that Punjab and Haryana are the same and incomplete without each other.
Respected Delhi Police,  please fix route and allow farmers to do a March,  it will be matter of national pride that farmers are participating in this March..., like we feel good when warfares r displayed,   is symbol of what handled  INDIAN ECONOMY DURING CRISIS...
Why this slow version video instead actual version? The Actual version is worse attack on innocent farmers.
Now these farmers should also supports protest in Canada as emergency is imposed their.
This video is a solid answer to people who are questioning the motive of farmers and why they are protesting in punjab and haryana only. They are literally thinking they are being funded by congress and pakistan.
 Long story short, Sik / Farmmer are the biggest Strength of India.
Whatever has happened may god bless that no farmers do suicides in coming years.
Why bbc take his interview when farmers protested
India tv your dad Modi im a right
There's goes a democratic and peaceful means to make Indian farming more efficient, which means the environment is going to continue to suffer.
almost the same issue here in the Philippines especially when the Rice Tariffication Law is mandated, farmers are crying about how unfair it is.  Wishing you prosperity, Indian Farmers, from a Filipino Farmer myself.
Farmers never be a Murderer..... If they are real Farmers then why they killed 4 persons?
Respect ravish Kumar and his full NDTV team to put correct information on social media and via video 
The farmers are so kind and wholesome.
What the hell... How anyone can be so neutral while explaining farm bills.... This is what people needed in the dark world of digital media..... These type of content would help in developing a constructive India rather spreading rumours about the govt and farmers and hatred... Thanks mam... You got amazing skills
To all those commenting the at these aren't farmers and they are disrespecting the "indian" flag,
1).More than 70% of wheat and paddy produce in Punjab & Haryana is procured under MSP and they are saying 6% on all India basis which is wrong as other farmers are not having marketable surplus (10 Crore out of 14.6 crore farmers have land holding less than 1 ha and major area is under rained).   2). Punjab, Haryana & Rajasthan are the only state which engage Ardthiyas/ Commission agent in procurement and in other states (like MP which contributes equal to Punjab in central pool, procures through Primary Agril Credit Societys/ Gram Sahkari Sewa Samiti). Ardthiyas have earned more than Rs. 800 crore in wheat procurent (only in Punjab & Haryana). Why procurement  is happening through Mandies as PACS are capable which is farmers body. - SKM is not demanding this as procurement centre will near to farmer and scheduling of arrival can be monitored. PACS will make profit and more services like Storage, Grading, processing, etc can be set up at PACS level. It is happening in other States like MP, Chhatisgarh, Odisha, Telangana and UP has also started.  3). MSP to be made as base price for auction in Mandies so Govt needn't to procure and farmers are free to sell outside the Mandies as per new act. SKM is not demanding that MSP to be made as base price for auction. SKM is just saying MSP guarantee which is creating confusion so demand should be specific. 4). SKM leaders are creating confusion that how a small farmer will sell the produce of 1 or 2 qtl in Bangalore or Chennai. In this connection, Central Govt has a target of 10000 Farmers Producers organisation(FPOs) means one FPO/ Block which will aggregate farm produce and will negotiate with traders. These FPOs will be managed by Farmers themselves by hiring professionals and Central Govt is giving more than 25 lakh./ FPO as a grant. FPO is the most efficient marketing channel and local rural youth can be motivated and guided properly. Ardthiyas/ Commission agent shouldn't be member of FPOs.(Visit SFAC/ NABARD/NCDC website). In Addition to FPOs, Rural youth can form their rural Cooperatives ( 15-20 rural youth or may be rural youth of entire village) of marketing which may set up private market yards or e-trading centre. These rural cooperatives will get their service charge or can set up their processing unit and can have tie up with Retailers(like Reliance dress, Big Bazar or can open their marketing outlet in nearby city). Moong will be produced by farmers and will be procured by local rural cooperative which can set up their pulse unit also and Govt schemes are available. 5). 75% of  305 million tonne foodgrains ( cereals + pulses as oilseeds is not a part of foodgrains) consists of wheat and paddy ( 235 million tonnes) which means coarse cereals ( like Bajra, maize, Zowar, ragi, Mundua, etc) and pulses have production of only 70 mt of which small proportion of farmers have marketable surplus but we import the pulses so farmers of Punjab & Haryana and Western UP should go for diversification of crops as water table and soil fertility is also an issue in these areas.  6). Some commodities like Bajra, Maize, Jowar, Mandua, Ragi should be included in PDS by respective State govt so that procurement from farmers will happen at local level. Karanataka Govt has included Ragi in PDS system. SKM is not having this demand bcoz it will affect the procurement of Wheat & Paddy in Punjab & Haryana as maximum Kisan Morcha leaders are from these States. 7). 43% large farmers (> 10ha) and 22% medium farmers (> 4 ha) of the country are from Western Rajasthan and we can easily understand their level of production. SKM is not aware about the definition of farmers so we can understand their level of awareness about farmers problems. They are just befooling the Entire country. 8). More than 7 Crore Farmers have land holding less Than 0.5 ha and PM Samman Nidhi of Rs. 6000/- is a big help to them. Govt is giving Samman to all farmers otherwise it could have saved more than 30000 cr/-.
Think about country people and poor  farmers..suffering  do better things
Over 120 farmers have lost their lives in this harsh weather. Idk when this govt will show mercy 
Is there a crowd funding option for the farmers' needs?
Legal rights taken away: Every Indian will be affected by this bill, the most unjust imbalance of power. The law gives immunity to all civil servants, central and state governments, or any other person in respect of anything which is in good faith done or intended to be done under this act or of any rules or orders made hereunder. So, acceptance of the bill gives immunity to civil servants against legal action for crimes they have yet to commit 'in good faith'. Indian citizens will be excluded in right to legal recourse. It is very dangerous as it erodes the rights of every citizen.
Govt wants to give the farmers land to their rich friends . ..Ambani nd so on ..
Yogi Adityanath should be the next prime minister of India
@Umesh Basrimalani By saying Shivaji Maharaj also conceded a few forts to the Mughals, are you seriously equating the few thousand farmers with tractors and swords enjoying support in parts of Punjab, Haryana and West UP and no major political party directly supporting them to THE largest army of the 17th century  (the Mughal army - more than a million men from some of the toughest tribes of Turkis, Afghanis, Rajputs, Habshis, French etc. with horses, muskets and artillery), commanded by one of the greatest general of the time (Jai Singh - who defeated Safavid Persians in Kandahar and Uzbeks in Balkh in open battle), led by the most ruthless Emperor Aurangzeb (who rebelled against his own father, killed all his brothers, guided by the most conservative ideological branch in Islam) and funded by the richest and one of the most populous empire of its time? Also are you seriously equating the few thousand Marathas and Mavadas (many of them just farmers and tribals) living off a difficult terrain without much supplies under Shivajiraje to the BJP government - the largest party in the world which has one of the largest bureaucracies in the world working for it, which also has the largest army+paramilitary+police force+intelligence agencies in the world by its side which has ample experience in handling terrorism and protests and funded by the third largest economy in the world (by PPP) led by a Council of ministers who are backed by one of the largest social-political organisations in the world with a highly dedicated cadre (the Sangh parivar) and enjoying an easy majority in Parliament where the biggest opposition party is led by Pappu?
Farmers suffer due to:  Dependency on rain, middlemen, unorganised market, transportation, labour, aversion by younger generation, fragmentation of land, No bargaining powers, victims of politics, drought, flood, landslides, low return on investment, fake seeds, adulterated fertilizers, No fall back insurance in case of crop failure, traditional methods of cultivation etc.
Sir Modi Govt has not lost but Tikait is helping Modi govt to isolate the Sikh farmers and effectively pulled the agitation closed to his ecosystem .. the recent bandh call except Punjab was failed and this shows clearly the Govt agenda worked on the ground
Congratulation to farmers. 
Respect Food Respect farmers......India abandoned farmers forever.....too sad
There are media houses like ndtv ,aaj tak who were supporting farmer protest...who is responsible for all this shame...ndtv and all those media houses are responsible....ndtv tu bikau hai....@GOI don't repeal these laws...slap some action who removed  indian tricolor.
Support the farmers
Most of the farmers give there land for cultivation on barter system
Contrary to what is being projected in this video, opening up market will provide more opportunities for farmers as they can directly sell to consumers without middle man. 
I do not support this decision but I am sure this certainly ring a bell in the Chinese people in PRC where their leader never apologized to them inspite of commiting so many attrocities and  hardships. Although CCP will react to this in their usually way with an overdoze of hubris saying this is beginning of fall of Modi/India etc. etc.
Poor farmers are helpless. Even the govt is helpless before the broker mafias. There will be an end to all mafias.
Point 2 i.e loan debt clearance, i dont see that as a valid demand because our economic condition is already bad, forgiving the loans will cause huge loses to the banks which will make the economic condition worse. I think this demand is kept by the farmer leaders just to attract more and more protestors, I hope government could find an efficient solution for this.
I might not have any business to say anything here, but in this issue I stand with the farmers.
God bless the Indian Farming Community.
How Britishers treated us, BJP is treating the common men of India in the same way.
3) why farm bills repealed after so much casualties and before elections upcoming (up,uk, punjab) when you were so stubborn that it wouldn't be repealed
And after doing this police had the nerve to protest against farmers shameful
It's not a farmer union flag Its KHALISTAN'S FLAG.
Thank God government  is implementing such laws as they are really helping farmers at the ground level and its sad that so many people can't see it
farmers asked for water to fight drought and they gave them this way
This will be the big turning point. Modi's days are near. This is a Revolution, which was most required. Women coming on the streets is a victorious protest. Keep it up #Women of India you are the pillars 
Farmers cannot hold the Govt hostage to their demands !
Explained very succinctly. I agree with the assessment that these bills need to be tweaked; particularly in view of the experience of the American farming communities who have not only faced the adverse issues of corporatisation of agriculture, but also tremendous harassment and exploitation from companies selling farm equipment. 
Further Shree Narendra Modiji is Showing his administrative skills when he was the Chief Minister of Gujarat in 2002 when the Godhra Riots took place and the Pogrom in Nadora Patiya occurred in February 2002 when the MLA of Nadora Dr Maya Kodnani (RSS Protege) was at the Helm of Affairs and a Senior Bajrang Dal Leader and his associates were involved in the Genocide, Carnage,Arson and Looting and were convicted of heinous Crimes against Society. 
Even the farmers son also leave the agriculture and go to city for job if they have some educational qualification
Phele samajh nhi aaya tha isliye confuse tha lekin ab maine iske baare me bahut achi jankari li phir dekha bahut advantage hai is act ke i am farmer grandson my father's brother also belong from agriculture I support BJP and this act my village all farmer support this act
Salute to this journalist who explain the history of taliban as how the taliban movement started  which none of the international channels are showing. Thank you Ravish for outing truth into perspective.
Farmers will win Agar farmers hain to hum Hain
Your last statement is so true and one of the biggest problems.  Farmers are resistant to change. A friend of mine belongs to a farmer family and he said back in his village people simply dont listen. Another problem is they are not aware of the various schemes available to them.
I'm not Farmer But Being a Punjabi,  I support Farmers
Sujata Pandey should listen to the speech minister has given & how he has threatened farmers. 
Most shameful day In a nation of farmers
As a farmer I request all to share this video to everyone they can so that people can understand this incident and believe farmers again.
 Interestingly, the new law keeps Mandi-Middleman-Mafia of politician-bigfarmer-looters as they were, plus additional facilities are created so as an option they can use alternatives with no chains attached. But, the mafia will fight back. They get free money of tax layers & they do not pay tax too, as agricultural  income is excempted from tax. 
Heart felt thank U 4 NDTV nd the whole team 2 cover Our Farmer's Protest with such seriousness nd unbiased reporting... India needs NDTV more... People of India want 2 know the real truth about what's happening around in Our Country...
Only when all support farmers, then our nation will be a developing nation. Its really good explanation about farmers. Farmers are our sole energy of our nation. Let's stand with them.... as we all farmers..
After so long the sacrifice of our farmers has brought the results.is tana Shah sarkar KO kisano se apne gutnon pe ane ke liye majbur kar Diya Kisan hamere desh ki read ki haddi hai. I feel so blessed today Jay jawan jai kisan kisan Ekta jindabad
International media should too raise the concern of the farmers of India.
 When Modi was just 11 years old, Indian Army liberated Goa and French-ruled Pondicherry , became part of India as a Union Territory.
Bjp now : repealing farm laws is a masterstroke 
Those farmers didnt even read the farm laws
Fun fact : They are not 100%  farmer
The laws weren't benefiting anyone for they weren't in force. BJP was being unable to make inroads into the protests which had turned a Sihk vs BJP protests, Punjab and the Sikh community was getting alienated day by day, there was no assurance if the laws would be ever in force. All in all, the entire situation was breeding only negatives for IND and there was absolutely no positives. Add to that, all organisations and individuals who were in support of the laws, they had passed the entire buck to the GOI, and GOI was visibly struggling under it's load.
Our village farmers are busy in harvesting their crops and some are ready for the next season..these persons can't be farmers
Please explain? I am humbly asking? I learnt that punjab cm passed an ordinance against these very new farm laws which means that these new farm laws will not be applicable in the state if Punjab. If not applicable in punjab then why the fear is there?
I was in favour of these New farm laws but this has convinced me that BJP only believes in winning elections . After destroying the economy it seemed like a good step but govt just couldn't understand the magnitude of protest and use of force against farmers was another step in wrong direction. PM could have held a direct one to one conversation with farmers at the outset and things could have been different.
you really think Modiji  is weak because he repelled just for the election????
Justice in favor of Farmers, Govt immediately should repeal all agri farm laws and work for Farmers and common people in country and not to work for Ambanis and Adanis
the farmers are just saying kale kanoon and modi is bad. if same law would be brought by any other party everyone would be happy. there are some flaws and they can be amended as govt is open to amendments. 
Of course, farmers had to be perfect in food prep. Loved the Langar system. More power to you!
Now that's for theory. However, on a realistic level, what produce does the company hope to secure by offering 500 for something standardized at 2000? Do they plan to disrupt their model and go out of business without the raw product?  So, this 75% price reduction seems far fetched. Ultimately demand and supply forces balance things. If companies offer 1500 and less farmers contract for that price leading to less supply, demand rises and players emerge to offer more than 2000 now. The company offering 1500 finds itself in a touch spot now with lost reliability and fewer contracts.
Talk to farmers and their kids before making such video dont believe in lies of these economic and leaders as they personally dont do there things and just build up talks
SG, I think the media has failed in its duty as the fourth estate. The media should have communicated the benefits of the farms laws - instead it was more interested in presenting a showdown between the farmers and the government.
They all are not farmers ...I know how behaves farmers ..I am also farmer. I support that laws..why the Panjab people  only rejecting that laws
GET WELL SOON  MODI JI
Modi ji will never repeal CAA &NRC  law because Muslim is not core voter of bjp
3. Godhi media continues hate rhetoric with Ajj Tak TV anchor says Go to Pakistan if Modi is not your Prime Minister. 
The Farm Bills will help farmers & consumers.
A bill forced through ordinance, ripe with mistakes and amendments. A country divided like never before on religion, caste etc. All sectors hurt. Covid handling amongst worst in the country. Fuel prices at all time high. Electric meters forced on farmers without pay increase and Shekhar Gupta is giving "intelligence" on why these hastily approved farm bills are good. Farmers being called all sorts of names in an orchestrated propaganda. But Farm Bills are good. Matlab Kisaan ko maar do. Ambani looks on hungry at farmers lands but Farm Bills are good because some "Intellectuals" said so. Just like Demonetization was good and required I suppose. This talk seems like a poor sick person being told Hospital Bill is high but gotta pay up before getting treatment because Hospital needs renovation and above all apparently farmers don't understand anything. Ye logical kaisey lag raha hai is audience ko?
This Shameless Anchor was trying too hard to prove Black Laws right & farmers terrorists for the past 1 year .. now she is Frustrated :).. Truth wins ! It started on auspicious Guru Nanak Devjis Gurpurab Farmers have saved Democracy
But for truth fact many farmers oppose and many farmers support also......Whom  you should impress ......
we the people of india...are with the farmers.
You are the modi media
It is a total failure of BJP government first they have allowed shaheen bagh to happen and now these fake farmer protests despite the unfortunate events of 26th January.
The world war 2 was not fought in 1955.  Also the European model failed in protecting farmers from corporates and their suicide rates are going up.
States had different rules &regulations to buy food grains from farmers. It was difficult for corporates to handle so many states with so many different regulations &taxes but now they need not to worry about any state.
GDP p bhi toh modiji agriculture sector ne bacha rkhi thi covid k time bhi 
Instead they should bring reforms to local APMC Mandis. Remove all the useless taxes. Regulate commission agents. They should get commission only when they get good value to the farmers for their crops. Make everything in APMC's cashless. Why local taxes are being levied when it is exempted from GST?
Remove this law... Why too much ego in front farmers.. Where is agricultural minister.. Only modi and amit shah handling all ministry in this modi government. No role for other ministers only 2 voice in this party.. Others are just like a dummy ministers, Why to much Democracy inside BJP party ........
God bless the farmers. Let not the people starve before the government change its ways. God give them a better plan which benefits all the people.
All farmers brothers and sisters deserve so much praise and support. 
how can a democracy with an elected parliament system  have a referendum system on Farm laws. Even if we have one that is likely to be held by vested interest, driven by rich farmers. Here it is clearly evident that for a benefit of 2 lakh farmers who had the money and power , suppressed 10 crore farmers.  If this is what you wanted to publish then a layman on the road could have told me this. why do we need an experienced journalist and editor for the job? the villager  does not know about democracy can argue like what you did now, you understand the nuances. When you publish content please keep in mind that there is a certain expectation from a senior journalist when you publish an opinion.
It will impact on PDS the govt will buy from private players for food distribution the lower class will be impacted and price of commodity will be manupliated
Indian PM Modi like deaf in farmers agitation issue
For apmc mandi point .... farmer will have many options to sell. Just like any other manufacturer of any goods. 
We provided free  corona vaccine to many countries but Global media giant don't have dare to show positive side of India, it's bitter but truth.
If the Laws are repealed,  Modi Govt will learn its lesson that the Indian Constitution and India's Federal structure cannot be kicked out of the window. We are NOT OPEN to fascism and anarchy and single party system and dictatorship ... not necessarily in that order.
Lastly..it is the govt failure of not able to assure or pursuade our farmer brothers and have been left to their fate in this chilling winter of Delhi..
Kisan andolan Zindabad. !! kudos. Very nicely made video which allows us to virtually participate in the March. No voice just moving images of the March with background music.
Thanks to UP , Punjab & Haryana elections.
Mam are farm bills passed in both houses?
Love from Everything wl slow down soon , peace wl be back in Delhi ,justice will be with farmers too ,prays from across bordor
Please make a video of property details of all the protesting farmer  leaders.
Farmer Corn piece: 5/-
Godi media in deep pain, we can feel ur pain, nd really this pain is good
All three laws are hold by Judiciary. Committee made by Judiciary for give all of them their views. Committee submitted reports, but verdict pending reasons God knows! Fundamental rights of Delhi people harassment by blocking roads and support by Judiciary to so called farmers!
Karan bhai Such a proud moment for me that your not With Godi Media .. Seriously Thanks For this Reality Shown To Us
A class apart. The Print is at par with any other international media house. I hope this gets into the heads of BJP supporters to get into political negotiations instead of this dangerous game of National Unity.
Relation between sikh flag and a farmer?
I talked to many farmers in locality. Many said Adani and Ambani will take there Land. No other points were valid arguments from them. Now I don't understand how will Adani and Ambani will take there land. Bill itself says Renting, purchasing or lease of farm land is strictly prohibited. It's better not to opt for contract farming if they really think adani -ambani will take there land.
Aakhir bjp bhi election ke liye cheeje karne par Utar aayi. Not happy with pm. 
Stop all these business for 2-3 years then strongly watch for funding from terrorism supporting countries like Pakistan n Iran n turkey
We need a law that has a specific requirement to be a prime minister .  dont think  modi ji will qualify 
The bill is to benifit the farmers.
biggest  hypocrites are these farmers, with their global sympathy act LoL
Did better than whole indian media .... .. keep going brother. 
Wonder who gave the police the  order to lathi charge the farmers
The farmers asking to repeal these laws completely isn't going to help the farming community in India. They should have asked for proper changes in areas of concern.
10:15 Kangana has been hounded and trolled.. And she deserves it for her comments.. But that "comedian" Veer Dass came close to her gutter level comments with his blanket generalization and gross misrepresentation.  One may support any party or ideology, but his comments were appalling and devoid of basic decorum.
You hate modi for bringing farm laws and CAA I hate modi ji because he didn't enforce those laws
Because when TAMIL NADU farmers protects no one supported...Now they asking others support
Credit of high income of Punjab and Haryana is not because of the efficiency of current structure. That is because of the concentration of centre aid to farmers in these two states and Bihar on the other hand hand has very small land holdings...small and marginal farmers are vulnerable in Punjab and Haryana also only middle man benefit from the existing system and they are acting as pressure group to stop the reforms.
I salute to brave heart farmers to stand against such dictator government. Very very egoistic Prime Minister india have right now. I hope people will understand and bring back the democracy
India is Currently #4 Agricultural Prooduts Supplier for  the World. If new Farm Reforms are implemented, Farmers will have Full Freedom to sell to Indian Big Companies, Producticity increases, Diversification increases. This means, America and China will see drop in Supply of their Agricultural Products, As these Indian Companies start selling abroad, Making India #1 Agricultural Exporter.
We are the ones who gonna buy food produced by farmers 
- Delhi's people are suffering? At least they get to go home and sleep in peace. Is Delhi facing more problems than farmers on road?
The PAFC is following a tripartite agreement between the farmer, the PAFC and the companies providing seeds,extension services and buy back guarantees to the farmers. 
Why police lathichare on farmer
Tractor rally:
They are not farmers,,they are only rioters,,government should be taking strong action  against this duffers. Put them behind the lock up
Farmer are there  for their meal.
Shame of Indian Media 
I would humbly request you to cover another angle that is being ignored. The services done by our Farmers brothers at the Delhi borders for the local people, ensuring they are not uncomforted by this activity. And they are giving back to society even though themselves going through such hard times.
Why Shri Modiji now keep quiet. He should take strong action. Jay hind
Finally a geniune report about the farmers protest! Thanks Vice news
I was happy to hear this. This is a big for farmers over government,  kangana and  godi media. All there mouth is shut. Farmers stand against like warriors.
Those who are speaking against the farmers protest in the comment section , i dare them to provide five benefits of three farm laws !
As a son of a farmer its very painful to see parties oppose this for political gains. I will never forget them and never ever support in my life
This situation of apprehensive created by  other political parties in the  innocent farmer's mind.
That is an abject surrender and shameful.  Didn't expect this from Modi, India is not just Punjab and Haryana. India has no future
Indian farmers created history.
So a Country with 1.3B population with majority of being agricultural background should go for building warehouses or invest money on industries which feed roughly 1000's of family...!! If farmers numbers gets down & food production gets decreased then middle class people itself will find daily food expenses costlier...then think of poor...!!! Happy living with shelter food and education is more important than being economically developed country..!!!
Wrong decision by the Indian Govt to repeal the laws. The laws were put in place for the farmers benefit. Farmers would have understood the value in future. The opposition to the laws almost died. Then why this decision? This will only strengthen the anti-national forces to fight against everything that benefits the country.
The economists argue that a farmer can sell his produce anywhere in India. But, is it possible for a farmer to ferry his produce from state to state in the hope of a better price? I think the economists are more obsessed with flip-kart and amazon like platforms, but that doesn't work for perishable goods.
1. There is no such  'safety net' decided by FCI during procurement of foodgrains. FCI purchases all the arrived stock in mandi from farmers through comission agents. And past two years, FCI strictly ensure every single payment of foodgrains to the concerned farmers by the bank statement of comission agents. This marketing season, FCI have developed mechanism of directly payment to the farmers which brings more transparency.
i have watched your old videos where u were appreciating modi for these farm laws and now u are cursing him
This is not a farmer protest this is politics. 
Eh sab govt ne khud krwaya hai daily to itne log pakdte hai kisan wha pe...ye to hona hi tha jo ek peacefully protest mai apne log bhej skte to wo kya ajj tractor march mai ni bhejenge...shame on govt
3 law: Small farmers are free of mandi tax reducing their debt. That is more important than state tax.
What an episode, wow !!. Stories made us speechless & tearful. Salute to Akash, the newspaper boy, Raj Singhji (adv 100th happy birthday), the girl Pavitar Kaur and many others. It is big victory for the farmers & general public if they take any lesson from farmers. On the other hand it is a slap/kick on arrogant politicians and godi anchors you failed with all your might & truth won - Satyamev Jayate.
What about the farmers who died,heshould pay compensation  to those families
Your farmers to vote congress.
Manipulate video.. Your supporting Bjp
In addition to this, 99 bigger irrigation projects completed under LTIF (> Rs.95000 crore) - Doubling of farmer income irrigation plays an important role, , PM Samman Nidhi (> Rs.75000 Crore), Agril Infra  Fund (Rs. 100000 crore), Dairy Infrastructure Development Fund for Cooperatives, Animal Husbandry Infrastructure Development Find, Fisheries & Aquaculture Fund, Linking of 525 Mandies through e-NAM, Formation of 10000 Farmers Producers Organisation (Per block for direct marketing by Farmers) and Per FPOs more than Rs.25 lakh for formation of FPOs is being given to CBBOs( Arthiyas or tRaders are trying to be a member of FPOs kindly never allow them), KCC interest subvention, PMFBY (Where Ist time Pre sowing expenditure was included in case of no sowing), who will be benefitted from these schemes. Kindly visit all these schemes and then analyse the Govt.
Do u guys even know how much money actual farmers get for their produce compared to actual market price...like onions, vegetables, even oilseeds, lentils, pulses and all ?? 
Every Punjab farmer is indeed a  scientist.  
I am from tamilnadu. I like this video quite useful. After celebrating 72 years republic day still farmers in my state are very poor and facing lots of troubles like cyclone , floods , insufficient water storage etc. State and central government will never provide enough money or cancel loans for affected farmers as so many years passed away. So my opinion is central government tried their best and let them do their work. Hope it may be successful for farmers in future. The whole problem is for small and poor farmers let their children's will help them in condition apply legal process after all they are working in IT field for foreign company.
In my opinion the bigger question that should be asked is why are farmers still poor even after 73 years of Independence . why are they not rich like American or European farmers ? .
I am with FARMERS 
Totally disastrous decision by the BJP and PM Modi. To hell with the country. Golden opportunity for farmers lost. The country has lost. BJP no better than other party. Very sad.
If one country's farmers are poor that mean country is poor country.
City people if do not know about farmer situation then please do put hate comment just watch it,it's better not comment on any topic base on half information.its almost two month they are on protest in winter it's show these three kanoon are against Farmer and government should roll back it.This comment are not for troller RSS and BJP people
Government kneel down Infront of farmer because of election har saal ESA  election Hona chahie tabhi desh mein acche din aaenge 
Supportingourfarmers
Protectors are not farmers ...they are opposition partys chatukarta.
Salute you sir and all farmers ,labourers who have been struggling for a long period, thanks and congratulations to all.
Zee news.. Head of BJP pachark
These are Khalistan supporters
Support to our food and farmer's
Just waiting for farmers to get rich as they were before 
#standingwithourfarmers
Where are the women?  My Grandparents were farmers, big home, and 9 screaming children.  She worked very hard.  Food and clothes all made by Grandmothers hand.  Grandpa and the screaming children always on the farm when not in school nor at studies.  Grandma passed at 95 and Grandpa 97.  I miss them.  Sad for me.  I love farmers and there is a special place in my heart for them.
I agree with Shrees perspective, Modis decision to repeal Farm Laws there must be many more reasons 
Less known fact -> US & some  developed countries are aggressively pressuring Indian Govt to stop giving subsidiaries to farmers/agriculture. This includes providing MSP to the farmers. India was forced to sign "peace clause" with developed countries particularly with US under "Agreement on Agriculture". They filed case in WTO. (They want to export their produce to India to capture market, I guess).
We should support kisan
What about small farmers who were benefiting from these laws... Very disappointed from the govt.
Just for 2 people and their families the whole of  India and 1.3 billion people is being sold.
Jago India Jago - fellow Indians, it's time to wake up and walk with the farmers - Jai Jawan Jai Kisan. If Mahatma Gandhi can shake up the Great British empire, we are all followers of our beloved About.
Be always  alert,keep eyes and ears open, bjp can any lowest possible thing to torpedo this movement ,kisaan mazdoor ekta zindabad BJP murdabad.
Bhai  ,amazing videos,,I watch same one and other every single day .please make more videos on farmer protect..big respect and love to and cameraman parth....
govt. is expecting farmers to become marketing genius and find the buyers for highest price for their produce.  but most of the farmers are simple people who just want to grow and sell simply
I support this bill 
UP should identify all Khalistanis who have entered their state and neutralise them one by one. UP Police should announce rewards for Violent Punjab people who are entering the state.
Very proud of these protesters standing up for their rights. Shame on the Modi BJP government  - not only are they anti minority, but also completely anti people when it comes to matters important to corporates.
These voilence r going by...unknown people which r earned by govt...to do voilence in peaceful farmers protests...this is fact....and some voilencers r placed by opposition parties... By which this peacuful protest named as attwadi protest...#fact
So wrong! Prices outside of APMCs will ALWAYS be lower. Why? Bcoz if corporates had to pay higher directly to farmers, they would just simply go to the APMCs and buy from there!
Power of Modiji
10) One specific political party which never even supported our Police forces by giving them good weapons & bullet proof jackets, was high on supporting these rowdy farmers! Remember how during 26/11, Karkare died because of the bullet proof jackets did not even work? How much was paid for these jackets?
Women were never even treated like a human in Afghanistan because of the Taliban when they weren't there many people mostly women have achieved great heights now that they are back we people all over the world must help save the Afghan woman by protesting online we can't let Taliban win this time they are the criminals in the eyes of humanity these people need to be taught a lesson they are literally taking all the human rights from people of Afghanistan
Great  PM, really he  saved the nation.  He kept nation above all other   things  has been proved  through his announcement  of tacking back 3 Agri Laws.   Pity  that  our own people are playing in the hands of enemies of our nation   like china and Pakistan who fund these agri agitation for  their own interet .  Shame   Shame     Shame on those  who are taking money from our enemies countries and  pumping into such agitation which are againsat the  farmers of India.
We farmers just want obligatory right from Govt.not compulsion if any
Farmer brothers should be happy and grateful to our Hon PM Modiji Whatever he has decided will be good for the country Security Opposition are ready to use farmers innocence OM SAI RAM
Bcoz tv media continuesly just praising this bill ..like dna 
regulations need to be brought at the right time. But for now , we need that ecosystem to build-up between the corporates and the farmers. After some time regulations could be brought to avoid exploitation.
2. Free legal protection should be given to farmers to safeguard them against big corporates.
Pakistan it cell or khalistani it cell active hain ye aap comments main dekh skte ho.
h)  Each farmer will have it's agrivalue based on quantity of land utilised and can be availed any time with help of banking system integrated with apex body and it's farming community. 
As days pass by we are beginning to see more and more the true face of a trrant in Modi. The farmers are the backbone of the nation and they have every right to protest. Now more and more students and teachers are going in the stir and it is now going to spread further and further in the country. Modi should have read the writing on the wall long back. Now it is too late. Most of the solderies  are from the from Sikh farmers community.It is not good to antagonise them. Otherwise there will be serious repurcissions to face for Modi. In short Modi is digging his own grave. Jai Hind !
All evil forces of the world including Indian forces washout by the Taliban fighters...
Every political party had these laws in their manifesto at one time or the other. And these are good laws for the farmers and the country. 
Congress knows NDTV and other pappu media dosen't hAve any article on BJP just few have...
Kisan indian hai aur tumlog deshdrohi ho.. shame on indian media rip to truth and reality...
2 - Legalizes contract-based farming (which was already legal before). Allows businesses to contract with farmers to exclusively grow crops to them, and agree on a price in advance (under QoS). But removes the ability of such farmers to pursue arbitration in court. Arbitration isnt even with local officials who know the situation, but a separate bueracratic official, who could easily be corrupted by big business.
I am also farmer
Reminds of pre independence India. This is what Indians want by voting for BJP
The whole thing stands on the mandi system dying i am sure contrary to this government and farmers together will stand to make mandi system sustain and healthy. But farmers cannot always say to take back the laws but can say to make them better by communicating +vely with the gov
So nice voice and power for kisan majdoor share kr riha sandhu ji
International leaders please save the life of farmers
Support & Save Indian Farmer's 
No woman fought alongside taliban. Why do u want to come and rule? Taliban fought for their thing let them alone. Wait for elections
What about making the selling price to consumer and Msp interlinked at the backend and monitored by government. And only digital payment allowed to pay farmers for  transparency in the transactions
They are not farmers . Why everyone talk about only 4 farmers. 4bjp workers and a driver also died but no one talk about this 
I was knowing that the farmers were protesting in kurukshetra but I was not knowing why, but now I got to know
Nothing is as successful as success.....And Modi ji is successful...
For more than one year the farmers protested under sun and rain.
Kari karge, why you had this farm law plan in Congress election manifesto? Do you have short time memory? Why you didnt tell rahul gandhi not to propose these laws?
Govt must stop giving free amount to farmers. Crores of rupees wasted by all government for appeasement politics. Govt must use MANREGA, FARMER subsidy for creating agricultural activity on WASTE, BARREN LAND under Govt. In India large lands are unable to use for farming- due to Natural calamities. Rain water wastage must be stopped. This land must be used for agri activity by using MANREGA & Kissan subsidy. Both these expenses are used by govt for cover up their economic manipulation. STOP tax payers money wasting. FREE FREE FREE ENOUGH. Every where free money is distributing. What is going on??   
Government k chakkar me log country ko bhool rhe. Lets not be so "woke" that the shrill difference costs our country. My heart goes out for the farmers that kept their and the country's integrity by not supporting the violent disorder. Those are the farmers I was and will always be proud of. it's sad that because of other nuisance makers, they will have to face further difficulties, if not already.
Everyone know actually he Modi want more votes in coming state election.
And it will great to know where in India does a farmer gets a higher price than the MSP as listed by the govt. ( not that govt procures all the 23 listed)
But actually there is a problem with the essential commodities act too that the big commercial giants will purchase the grains at very cheap rates from farmers and will sell it at very high rates. This will not only make the market unstable but also allow giants to gain huge collective profit which previously was gained by 2-3 small traders along with small share of farmers
farmers also lost half of their support after the flag incident too
This Chaiwala and India has paid the price for upsetting Punjab.
All poor farmers are raising flags  in support of movement in their SUV  Swift  scorpio Fortuner bolero gajab bhai
These Khalistanis have intentionally committed these crimes on Hindus.  They want to create riots in Punjab.  They first surrounded the Hindu cars.....  Please give justice to the poor Hindus!
Farmers are not jobless to sit and protest, the middlemen can not cheat the farmers if the Farm Laws are enacted so they stage these with the opposition. 
Ye sb ka Responsible government khud h apne to maze me baithi aur police aur Farmers k bich ladai ladwa rahi h aisa Farmers bill me Amendment nhi karni chahiye
No Farmer, No Food
Respect & Support for the Farmers, From Bangladesh.
Fool farmers will remain fool
what these farmers are doing in Uttar Pradesh? Case, Delhi Supreme court me Pending h, aur tum log UP me babal machane aagaye? Q bhai, UP me Election aagaya, to aagaye?
The borders of the National Capital have been witness to thousands of farmers from Haryana, Punjab and Uttar Pradesh since the 25th of October. Farmers have left their fields and decided to march to Delhi urging the Central government to repeal the controversial new farm laws.
Congratulations in indian prime minister Narendra Modi Good PM in Bharat  Good PM and ginius parime minister Narendra  tahnk you sir 
i am now realising that i was very insesisitive to the farmers, i have changed and i am happy about it.
Our pm apologize n those farmer lost their life in protests this law n what message sir  to do about those our friend die in protest as we know we born one time n die one time if we die because of natural disaster  like earthquake I accept it n this protest die by man
Ban on Exports and Imports from India by Taliban cannot pressurize our Government recognize them. It is Afghanistan people's loss.
Opposition parties some of them who exploited India in name of development are now agitating the innocent farmers to become violent . Shame on those people . Please get a life or leave politics forever . Shameless opposition. Won't do anything won't let other develop .
Great farmers and live in five star hotel because you are farmer. Great farmer ..
Stop saying about farmers India is not a democratic country it is full of dictatorship if India is democratic why government can't listen the farmers
One side Indian media is showing that Pakistan and China is funding in farmer protest . And second side showing that Pakistan is so poor that even a child cannot afford a sweet .so how they can invest in India's protest and China hmara mama lgta h ai? Joh protests mai invest kregi dimmag kholo andbhagaton.. use your brain.
I will not call it a good decision but surely he's planning something big to expose Rakesh takait, congress and other regional parties who supported these rogues. Now poor farmers will remain as poor farmers, they will understand the difference between regional parties and BJP now
In my opinion, you can't bring a law which will affect a large proportion of population without solid evidence that it will work, because the way farming is done in each state is different. Also india is a very very diverse country in terms of occupation, in some states very few people do farming whereas some are entirely dependent on it. A better way in my opinion is to implement these laws in states where people want for a few years and evaluate if it will be good for all, or let others evaluate themselves and you as government give them to ability to adopt new laws.
Every piece of fact shared in here is one sided! Think again, why would markets not receive any incoming farmers produce when it is not even shutdown by government? Because of two things, a) district mandis are being shut unofficially, and / or b) small farmers are fetching better price in open market (even if it has to be just a rupee more than what is earned through mandis).
.......BECAUSE THESE FARMERS ARE ALL RICH CHEATERS....AND OPPOSITION WILL BE ILLOGICAL AS USUAL AND READY TO FIGHT AGAINST GOOD....
If you ate today, Thank A Farmer.
India is a country of small land holding farmers. They cannot invest further to improve productivity with their meager incomes. Industry can train, provide capital and technology to these farmers to improve productivity. 
I am a CA by profession but from a farmer family. Always stand with farmer's. Shame on anti-national party #BJP
We have farmers equal to total population of US
Why did you passed the laws without any discussion in the Parliament and passed them during covid pandemic. Please stop copying from other party's manifestoes, be it GST or farm Laws which you're incapable to handle. Accept your failures and repeal the farm laws.
We support farmer's
Iski baato se saff hi congress party ke khilaf or bjp ke support
Modi air Modi Bhagat aur Godi Media toh abhee bhee kehtay hein kay jo Delhi borders per betthhay hein vo KISAN NAHIN hai .... ghor andhair issee ko kehtay hein!!!
This really feels like "fateh"...proud of the farmers. good to see them stand against fascism n win. Much love and respect for them.
He should have tried to educate the farmers at least.  This is not expected from him.
But history is that after coming in a strong position corporate will have it monopoly In market and some poor farmers having very handful Of land will be in a worst position.
3. Now food crops will not come under Essential Commodity Act,thus helping corporates to hike price as per their choice.
Rakesh Tikait is raising one of the most important questions of the Indian society. It is a solid defense of Indian constitution. He is defining secularism.
We support  farmers
Because farming and agriculture depends on variable factors like weather, lets not punish the farmer and held him take responsibility of weather , by setting the MSP as law, we all share this variable weather factor and support the farmers as CROP is such a BASIC need for all of us, regardless RICH POOR or middle class. 
Umm, maybe one or two line for the farmers who died would have been awesome too.
If farmers are opposing it then what's the problem of taking back the bill? They don't want this 'gift' please take it back.
But it reduces tax on  farmers
At current rates for about 90,000 tractors, the estimated cost for just ONE DAY is beyond 40-Cr...!!! Who is funding this ?? farmers seems poor.
Jab mangne se kuch na mile to usse pane k liye jid karni padti h  If you think you are right go tell our representative PM that meet farmers and make immediate peace in country
Appreciated!!! good work modi ji
We won  I'm farmer and I never ever give my vote to bjp till I die
Annaji, those 3 laws were enacted to stop farmers doing suicide..More professionalism & private industry involvement would have bettered the lives of farmers for centuries...Gigantic opportunity missed and Indias growth momentum is taken on reverse gear.
People like Tikait and whoever organises, funds and support such bands should be arrested and put into jail forever and also should not be allowed to fight any elections for lifetime.
I am not supporting any one decision or bill but for (APMC ORDINANCE) dispute approach to SDM and additional collector provision was there . It's different things how SDM and collector do their work. I am just saying such provision was there.
Seller want minimum support price
Other farmers must protest and demand these laws .
Powerful farmers
# westandwithfarmers
Brilliant research. Such a comprehensive description of the Farm bill that became hoopla without knowing it fully. Thank you for the video.
Farmers are right 
India should intervene. Taliban is like a pandemic. It will come one day whether India intervene today or not.
But i bow to modiji for his humbleness despite the strength that he possesses
Priyanka should conduct Radhyatra through out U.P demanding Justice for All victims of Yogi Government (farmers killed, Safia (Rabia) brutal rape and murders , Hathras victims, killing of innocent people by Sangis etc).
Dear with this Video u have done a great job to show they r real Farmers thx 
Why media giving un- nassery coverage  to rakesh tikait,why don't u keep him aside,till election,
I think government and farmers should really come to the table again and resolve through dialogue. Otherwise we are setting horrible standards for our democracy in future not just for this government but any government that will be in power.
Now, you are condemning India's farmers protesters as violent?  Modi has not listened or agreed to any demands.  Have you seen the barricades and violent tactics the police is using?
The main and important point is missing here.That is it will bring a very delicate and intrensic  planing in farming.Instrad of this traditional cultivation without any planing, the farmers can change with the market demand and with well planing ,that will change and modernise the.agriculture sector.There will be more money with the farmers like those in Kerala
8) See Pakistani fake news propaganda that Indian Govt is against Sikhs! Not one opposition politician or farmer leader refuted this! 
One of the best video to explain Farmers side. Only thing Gov is pro in is to pass laws without considering the social and ground level actualities.
Each and every time to "WIN" the state elections BJP is comprising on internal security of INDIA...... First shahen bhag..... Second Delhi riots...... Third Bengal riots....... Now farmer (so called farmers) protests...... I think BJP should now look towards YOGI OR HIMANTA for leadership rather than Modi..... He is getting failed on internal security issues again and again.....
Govt attitude is deceitful for farmers I salute those peoples who spot farmers
Indian Government has taken this decision for long term benefits of Indians. We must stay with & support our Govt. decision.
Sharm karo salo farmers ko ese comments karte ho shame on you 
1000% agreed abt mrp for farmers 
Dying from suicides because they are being exploited by middle men did not stand up! The people who keep crying farmers,farmers did not stand up! The middle men and rich farmers stood up in much stronger way than the sufferers and hence they won! Thats true democracy - theres no right/wrong - people who care and stand up with enough force will
Heartiest Congratulations to all the farmers. This is a big day for all of us. A little thanks to Ms Mamta Bannerjee too.. Had she not showed showed courage and won Bengal elections inspite of so much opposition and fake news etc, BJP would have stayed overconfident till today or even in future.  Hope to see some magic in UP too...
If these laws were so against famers, how come all farmers in this video speaking Punabi not Odia, bengali, marathi, tamil, telugu, malyali, gujrati or hindi in general.
The opening statement is false; "only punjab & haryana state farmers are protesting", 
I read about it..and it seems to be farmers favourable
Hon. PM Modiji did not make it a prestige issue, he displayed he has No Ego, and repealed farm laws. It is a lesson to All. 
Godi media is not following traffic rules, crossed red light 
Finally, The consequence of any decision can be seen only when it's implemented but once privatization is in place, Agricultural market is open for competition for fair price market is also a theory which can be given support by minimum purchase price.
THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT
5- farmers are not the price makers bit price takers as u said..will in the new system farmers be the price makers??
It is proved beyond doubt that Modi Shah system bowed before the spoken words of Sh Rahul Gandhi  "mark my words three black farmers have to be  repealed "
Respect to the farmers. Jai jawan jai kisaan 
Farming has high climatic risk... hence investment should be through farmer's partnership with government , non farming citizens and financial institutions...loss should be born by Government and Profit should be distributed among all
Every time after meeting with farmers government is blaming farmers saying they dont want resolution and farmers blames government saying government does not have real solutions . Why cant they do these meetings over camera .If they can broadcast loksabha proceedings on TV then why not these meetings .Not ideal but at least  common man will know what happens behind the doors
full support Indian Force
Only in open market there is no fix price where maximum farmers sell their produce so that should be fix and approx to MSP.
Farmer protest should be addressed duly
The congress is still speaking from HQ, how many issues you need to wake up from slumber, the idiotic leadership in states is fighting for power the central leadership is sleeping, it seems we have part time opposition which dies not like to go on roads and streets, they do politics through social media , if after what happened in Haryana today you cannot lead an agitation , protest for the resignation of Haryana Government, dismissal of home minister and filing cases against the DM, CM and HM of GOI than forget being an alternate, in Haryana you have 35 MLA, a leader in Hudda, surjewala, in Punjab you have government with Sidhu as PCC chief, on HP you are main opposition, In uttrakhand you are main opposition, in UP you can command support ...but you have to get on streets, learn from Gandhi, Nehru how they used every opportunity to start a mass agitation ...get out from your Homes, comfort zones ...organize,  publicize,  criticise and demand resignation and arrest...in UP CAG has given you an issue bigger than fodder scam..this is request please listen and seize your moment in history....
Mere Dil m apki aur bhi respect ho gyi...yeh video viral hgi abthanx for supporting us bro...we all love uKisan Ekta Zindabadh
Farmers must not block traffic n highways n disrupt normal lives ! 
Media is just a amplifier of modi tone .. pm ka power in media walo se dikhta hai
Great visualisation farmers are cheap labourers by ex RBI governor 
"Votes of farmers matter but voice of farmers doesn't"
RG who's party has lost 2 elections under his leadership is the one getting blamed to encourage the farmers and protest  if he was this much capable then he wouldn't have lost.
Taliban was openly supported by pakistan and was backed by china communists and Russia.
3. Dispute resolutions by Sub divisional officer - Govt. agreeing to amend to allow farmers to go to civil courts
i fully stand with the farmers
A single stick of matches of Indian  farmers goes to Modi Luxury car and his company
Please please all government help India Kisan Kisan problem lobour problem mothers problem girls problem women problem blinds problem Ambedkar cast problem help help help
The national media's role (with the exception of some journalists) will be written in BOLD letters along with BJP when the history of India's democratic downfall is written. It is sad to see that India turning into an autocratic state.
Farmers are in distress bcoz increased social exp and exp  on inputs ( weedicide, use of combined harvesters even in Soyben, Mung Or machineries in aril operations, etc.) 
May the kisans who lost their life watching this victory and they celebrate the victory.
God bless you and the farmers.
I feel the decision was the most appropriate with the present scenario, last week there was a meeting of 5 countries intelligence wing,the decision was for national security, what ever was the causes,I don't know,but when it was announced and mr modi ji takeing responsibilty, the truth will come out slowly by April/may, this is the most prudent decision at this hour, time will prove PM was not wrong
what a fast repeal the laws it is the first boomerang of BJP let's see next
All thoughts well taken. But sir can one give any class of farmers in india who are well off in general be it soybean farmers or cotton farmers or pulses farmers or sunflower farmers or even apple farmers despite not much mandi system?  Vegetables and fruits are thrown and feed to stray cattle by the farmers. Flowers growing farmers are equally not rich. In the absence of any concrete data even the open mandis will not be helpful unless some major incentives are given to farmers for growing specific crops. If the system is so convinced then give example in india where farmers growing some other crops as mentioned are reasonably well off?  Also pitching farmers completely against corporates giants is too much - not a level playing field.  Reforms can not be by merely passing the batton to corporates? Does anyone ask journalists or teachers or netas  to change their professions when  they are in mid 30s because india has surplus of them unemployed?
Modi its all because of u, if u will stick to government our India will break , step down
Sadly farmers are fooled into believing that they should oppose this laws while in reality these are the same laws which will benefit them in long run.
Are farmers celebrating republic day?
VIP Kisan neta like Rakesh Tikait who contested election two times and lost his deposits both time.
Govt can do anything if these uneducated khalistani so called  "farmers" want to stay poor by their own will ..... if they want to stay poor let them stay poor...no need to bring any reform to agriculture sector let's focus of manufacturing, service, defence and other sectors
55min. The busses were not vandalised , the busses that the police blocked the roads were moved by the farmers & can you move the busses without any dammage ?
Another things contract farming price option
Include this issue also in your protest and get answer from Godi whether police are for people or just for serving politicians? Farmers saying that they will wear masks and protest peaceful. Why is that a problem? Why government made laws during the covid time then? These farmers not only fighting with government, but also police, weather, covid, missing families, risking their life for no reason? Make govt responsible for these acts by police and get answers from Godi.
Ravish is an honest journalist...and godi media is bjp employee
Modi Beating farmers, who feeds the nation 
7. Finally sell the same rice to the same farmers and INDIANS for Rs.1000/kg. 
While the anslysis is loaded with the SG's prejudice against BJP, but Modi Govt is not the one to shy away from a challenge... This may well be a tactical retreat, time will tell ofcourse...
Current Modi blunder is nothing to do with how the Bill was passed.
Ajitji thank you very much for this fantastic interview with Rakeshji  and I salute the confidence of Mr Tikait he is clear in his thoughts and what he will do in the future also he knows that he has brought Modi on his knees and is confident that he will make Modi and the gang who were opposing the protest to lick the ground where these hard working farmers walk. I pray to the Almighty to give Mr Tikait and all who have stood against these farm laws strength to fight till the end
Mr. Shekar Gupta has been economical with the truth.  While he says its the right of the opposition to block reforms,  he conveniently overlooks the fact that its absolutely not acceptable to support anti-India lobbies and protests.  The right to protest can not supersede the right to life and livelihoods of many for the people who have been affected.  Hate for a PM and a party cannot be turned into hate for one's own nation!
Government should resolve this issue as soon as possible for the benefit of farmers who have been protesting for a long span of time. The farmers protest is getting politicised.
up election harne wali hi bjp 
India needs to be concerned about talibans and corrupt politicians tooo
Are farmers demands justified? What are your views?
How farm law's good for farmers! Please, make full episode for explain it! Not say only best good!
Is the objectionable three farm laws brought by Modi government worth their merit, with the continuing opposition by the Indian farmers? And the happenings?
Seriously Khan ji?  Non-violence ?  How blind you have to be. Does he know the harm MSP has brought to agriculture system in India?  What is the percentage of farmers who get MSP?  Kya admi hai ye.
How could you do this arnab? Even you know prime minister loose this match with farmers. , Better prime minister put 3 masks when he is going to election campaign.
Thanks for supporting Farmers, You say everything true,,Shame on media,,From now media is not free press it's bounded.
Is Punjab the only state which does farming apparently I think more than half of India population is doing farming .. I dont see protest happening anywhere else ...
Our country is with farmers. prosperous farmers will create prosperous India!!
Farmers are not supporting this they say the people who did this are not affiliated with them they condemn such violence.
I support farmers 
Please also translate it in Hindi so that it reaches to common farmer
We are proud of our Prime Minister Modiji. No one can  take his place. 
The new agricultural laws are for their benifit. They get money in advance for the crops they grow. Even if the crops fail they get the money. But all farmers have ties with politicians so they are protesting maybe
Repealing of the Three Kishan Kanoon is the ever wisest decision of Prime Minister. Leaders are elected by the people of the country, therefore, making Kanoons against the will of the public will be anti public law.
BJP ministers Car rally at roads will clear highway 
  Whatever the farmer does, the minister and his son will never be arrested because BJP is ruling both at the center and in the state---
Date rehna sahab, you are dealing with demon and his allies. God bless our farmers.
It's awful, the fact that hundreds of farmers had to die to protect their livelihoods. Just like during the covid-19, the government now has blood on its hands. Hopefully people realise that when they vote the next time.
#we stand with farmer
This is the half story. There are a lot of flaws like the interference of middlemen, etc in the previous system which will be lifted by these reforms. The way the older system is described does not work as smoothly in reality and the majority of the overseeing authority is corrupt which take supplies from farmers at exceedingly lower cost price. My uncle has been a victim of this. It's not 'devastating' as mentioned. There are some changes that are requested by the farmers which are being worked on by the government. There are peaceful protesters and then others a politically driven people driving a lot of this, people who are not even genuine farmers. It would have been great if both sides of the story would have been covered.
Modi g apne aacha nhi Kiya..these are not farmer these are criminals..trust me .. situation in punjan is not good
I am from West Bengal and I commend your channel for exposing the lies, cruelty and misgovernance of this current government but the problem is that in opposing Modi some of you end up supporting the likes of Mamata Banerjee who you must understand are just the opposite side of the same coin and are seeped in massive corruption, misgovernance and violence and atrocities against the poeple.
The bill is actually good for the farmers so why the protest??
I respect farmers and their work and how they feed us.
Thanks for supporting farmers 
With so much fertile land and farmers, neighbouring countries can be an market with marginal profits to encourage the local farming! Especially Bangladesh and Srilanka including Pakistan, China. Jai Jawan, Jai Kisan.
The nationalists are disappointed on the withdrawal of farms bills, still we are with PM Modi.
Very disappointing explanation..... Watch ravichandran C farmers bill..
The farmers are Bravehearts 
How many leaders can be as humble as Modiji to accept  and give in to  wishes of people...Modiji proved his great quality again and stood as REAL HERO.....He didn't want innocent  farmers to go into hands of terrorists who  were planning large scale of violence on occasion of meetings of members of Parliament  and thereby create terror atmosphere in  country with help of various opposition parties....See what a genius our Modiji is....he s not giving way to terrorists and make them use farmers for their selfish purposes  ND kill innocent people .....It is unfortunate that  opposition parties have  joined hands with terrorists and our enemy countries to create problems in the country....All this becoz Modiji has ABSOLUTE majority ND cannot be blackmailed as they used to blackmail previous  regimes and earn money....That's why these people played cheap tricks...
Kya ghinoni congress hai farmers ke aage karke farmers ke naam pe ghatiya politics khel rahi hai
"Jai Jawan Jai Kisan" is a slogan famous in India. Now will any True Indian and a True Kisan (farmer) create a chaos on the Red Fort in India that too on an important day for India which is it's Republic Day. These fake farmers on that day beated the police, destroyed the government things and harmed at the Red Fort. Why is this not highlighted. Why is it not highlighted that how come only Farmers from Punjab have issues with the new law introduced?????
Waheguru ji bless all farmers  
This kind of farmers are the curse for the country and defaming real farmers
Salute to Ajit anjum g for the welfare of farmers
We have forgotten small retailers? If giant corporates strike a deal with farmers directly then small retailers will not stand a chance ? Lakhs of jobs lost. Middle men too are needed (in a regulated way of course) but just cutting them off now will again lead to unemployment.
Sudhirji during demonitization u support it and blamed the opposition. Economy destroyed and never regains. U just support the govt policy. Same thing happens in gst also. Small traders and industry destroyed. How can anyone believe that farmers law benefits the farmer only.
The laws were diffective, otherwise why these are rejected by the farmers. Since a long it has been explained "good for small farmers ..." . Why again division of small and large farmer ? British India had done lots of division among us for "divide and conquer". No more division please. We all unite together to be Indian. Industrialists are gaining from this division. I do not understand why motor manufacturer goes for small industries like salt ? They should leave it for smaller.
Good explanation from the other side. But, why only Punjabi (so called) farmers have an issue ?
The farmers from the other states already living under poverty line and they dont even know what is MSP thats why they are not protesting. 
Wondering how Mainstream media would cover this tonight? After all, they were hailing Modi for these "Historic" Laws 
Congratulations to all the farmers for making history, the next generation will definitely get inspired from you all. 
I loved your Disclaimer : "if you have already made up your mind about the bills, this video is not for you. Also, very rightly said that everything depends on the implementation of the bills. The mandis were created for the benefit of farmers and they are actually benefitting the middleman.
A seperate new videos specially on repeal of farm laws 
Beautifully presented, ahimsa at it's best, post independence, as it taken time for the goverment to understand the flaws in a rule following many discussions and meetings , the farmers wait like their crops to reap the fruits of their dharmic peaceful resistance  through the harsh season and weather. Makes anyone philosophically moved,so I wrote this post.Jai kissan,jai Bharath.
After taliban takeover of Afghanistan india has suddenly starting take care of muslims....   
It is nowhere mentioned that farmers have to sign contract farming agreement with any corporate company and that they have to sell it only to Corporate companies.
Only khalistani supporter
Vox knows more about the farmers protest then the British prime minister 
This is not the way to beat themto blood atleast to old farmers
While MSP and competition are indeed very good ways to reign in the market giants from committing monopoly. We need more than that since they'll always find loopholes. But on a short-term basis it does solve alot of problems Farmers might have which is what they are aiming for. For example Reliance is giving people more and more warehouses to use, Contract farming is providing steady income, Middlemen are being cut off. 
1.SCALE: according to a report, almost 87% of farmers in India are small and marginalised farmers who work on less than 2 hectares of land. It means small farmers because of their scale have to buy the inputs like seeds, fertilisers, etc at retail prices, small scale leads to higher cost of transportation proportion to crops, these farmers mostly don't have the means to store them to themselves so they mostly have to sell them immediately in the market and considering the transportation, they mostly have to sell them at their village itself and also considering almost all other farmers in the village might be doing to same thing so it basically floods the market and well "demand and supply" comes into play making them receive less income and on top of that less bargaining power leads to easier exploitation of them by the middle man, now mandi system makes the last part of selling a bit more safe with government oversight to make sure at least they get somewhat of a fair price but again it doesn't solve the entire issue.
No farmers protests ..so 
There are too many people here who have forgotten that our enemies are Pakistan, China and Khalistanis. Whether the farm laws are good or not, is secondary what matters more is that we are well equipped to deal with the external threats we are faced with. Calling Sikh farmers carrying the Indian flags Khalistanis and driving cars on them is not just reprehensible but dangerous to the country. Think about how you are demoralizing The Sikh soldiers who have guarded our borders for centuries, your lack of respect and gratitude is bizarre and shameful. Please change your ways and stop fighting with fellow Indians. This is just not the time
Now poor farmer will be more poor.
If the company bribes the pradhan then what will happen of the farmers crops?
But, why protest against the three bills mentioned in the first place?? - as they are clearly mitigating some of the existing problems of farmers.
You should have added that the option of selling to FCI, directly to citizens at markets, and mandis at MSP remains open to the framer... So what farmers are demanding as legal MSP already exists and will continue to exist.... FCI has a very very important part to play. 
APMC yards are still functional according to these bills.... Farmers can choose Either APMC yards or Private Buyer......And farmers have also changed.... They might not get trapped by private parties, Farmers can select Short term agreements with private buyers like say - 1 crop /2 crops/ 3 crops....... Many governments tried removing APMC yards because there is HIGH CORRUPTION involved there..... Approx 1% of total turnover made by Food processing Units - like eg :  Rice miller's, Wheat miller's, Dal miller's Etc.... Are being paid to APMCs  as commission for trading products.........
Godi media wants Ghar ki baat ghar mein rahene do..Ghar mein bhi kahan baat karte hai yeh log..no prime time slot discussion on women safely, pollution,  government, etc, etc non important issues as per them..
Minority discontent, however, becomes a major concern and a great weakness of Modi. The bigger problem here is that noting the weakness of Modi, this concept of agitation is going to go all over India. Sad for India.
Rakesh Tikait.. You're great you are far far ahead of many National leaders... Keep it up...
Time to go Mr. Modi ab bass bahot hogaya country is done with you. From day 1 you came to power JANTA is on road, cylinder substitute or note bandi...... many more this was not enough for u now farmers n dead bodies are on road. O BHAI AB BASS 
Shame on Indian media who r working for modi government to label farmers terrorist
All 3 bills benificiary for small farmers
Farmer suicide Kar rahe hai purane law ke wajh se. Par change v nhi chahiye. Waise esme bhut sare ache important points iss law ke bare me ignore kar diya gya hai.
We r with the farmers.
SIKHS AND PUNJAB FARMERS WANT TO SEPARATE NOW FROM india .
Can't these laws be put State wise where majority of farmers wanted to work under the 3 laws. Like options for States to apply or not instead of taking it back completely?
Protestors want govt to buy unlimited quantities of food grains without any quality check at ever increasing prices and even if Indian food grain prices are higher than global prices.
Where is the full speech? Did he really support Taliban? In another video, he denied to support Taliban. Then how did this happen?
A very true movement by lndian HONEST KISHAAN NOT  BY BJPS PURCHASED SAMARTHAK
Sad to say that we had lost many of life's (farmers) mass suicide hence, three min silence for the ones who losses thier one's PM Narendra modi you can do this before... 
Jai  kisan jai kisan andolan.  I appreciate the ideology of congress. I shall continue to vote for and support congress.
The media will never cover the full story... Just the clash... Never the pains of the farmers, old, young, men, women, every farmer is there..... Who likes to be violently splashed with cold water in winters??? Not me !!not these farmers!! These are poor people who just realised their power and right in unity....!! May God help them  fulfilling their noble..... purpose!!
Farmers work close to God!
Sir i want to add one more point here...... On papers these bill are like a long pending reforms but the ground reality (mainly i am talking about small farmers)  is that farmers have mainly two time income in a year. Somewhere it is three too but mainly they got money twice a year. But expenditure is not limited to twice a year. There are school fees every month, they also have to buy ration, medical expenses, on festival times, marriage n many more. These farmers are dependent on middleman (aadhtis) for money throughout the year. For sure private companies will not lend money to farmers in advance if farmer has any unforeseen situation like if a farmer need money very urgently his or her family member is hospitalized ( god forbid), here aadhtis help them although they charge rates higher but atleast farmer got money at that specific time. This is how the life of small n marginal farmers actually is.
Farmers are our life line. They should be protected.
6.  The funding for protest is happening by charging 500 rupees per farmer .
Police didn't give them way to go.. govt is responsible for this.. Police killed one farmer and injured many !!
The ANA need a pair of secure airbases with effective close support combat aircraft to protect their ground their troops whenever the Taliban attack. Suggest two squadrons of A10s and another two of Apaches should do the trick.
Now it is actually against Modi government. It is not farmers protest it was ones. Anti BJP forces along with antinational parties have joined together.
Justice for farmers 
BBC as always at its worst. Before withdrawl of law was making videos on criticizing the law, and now " kisano ko nuksaan ho gaya". Why not media can play a role in informing the right thing.
I think whole india look like kashmir rss bjp hinduvata policy is on top
I stand with Indian Farmers. Right is right 
Unfortunately again the opposition is misguiding farmers
Full support farmers protect
Media seems just to support govt and criticise apposition and protesters.........
Lone from Tamil Nadu We stand with the farmers. And you should also know about the protest by Tamil farmers a few years back in Delhi.
Captain, akali & BJP have a chance to form a govt in Punjab now. 
Not just farmers , but middle class  will suffer a lot due to this bills. Essential Commodity Act says that there is no limitation for storage of food grains , when the prices will low big corporate houses will store it and sell it when the prices will skyrocket. 
Trevor-  Please do us a favor and research the topic more thoroughly.   The issues that the farmers are protesting are not as simple as they sound.   The new farm laws are meant as reform measures which many political groups and vested interests oppose.   These self-interest protesters who are actually threatening the security of the country will not succeed.  Please, please research more deeply before mouthing off your glib editorial comments Brother.   
Instead he could have had a conversation directly with farmers and sort it out,but alas..
Goonda like Rakesh Tikait is the reason. 
This one of the weaknesses of democracy. These laws were a step in the right direction, but they repealed them to gain votes, because people do not understand economics. If you want India to become competitive and develop you need free markets and free trade
The point which I really liked is that today farmers are "PRICE TAKERS" , but by this new reform they are going to be "PRICE MAKERS".
Because they have no idea about modern farming techniques and they took money from political rivals of BJP as congress kutti party and aap tuchhi party.
Don't worry .. this is a strategy to find out people in nvilved in Khalistan from inside India. Now they are tracked . Try to understand the depth
Nevertheless, farmers have a genuine fear about any government's attitude, irrespective of party affiliation, in respect of MSP. This is based on their past historical experience.
Farmers  have no time  to  protest
Whole of India living today because of farmer and army. Green revolution was done at punjab and Haryana land in 1960. Because that there was a famine in India.  We both states stand with whole India. Now everyone eat rice vegetables in food to live life. So now I want to ask a question from every citizens of India why you dont rising you voice in front of government.why you closing your mouth. Punjab or Haryana stand with India from Mughal, East India company period. We gave 92% sacrifices in Indian freedom,, why today be silent other states people or national media. 
Farmers forgot that roads are meant for vehicles and not for protest.
I don't know how to express my gratitude. Always with them... The great warriors.. FARMERS. Remembering all the heroes who sacrificed themselves... More than 100 lost their life. These leaders may not see all those but the God will definitely punish the culprits.
purchased at minimum support price (MSP) and rest was purchased at lower price. Till 2010
It's actually Captain Amarinder Singh's victory. The kind of discussion that he had with PM and HM, is in itself prove of how wide is his position within BJP. 
P.M. MODI JI. SIR. YE SOCIAL MEDIA 
Who gave right to block roads in the first place. Baap ka road nhi samje na goons..... Supreme court farm laws ko withheld kiya hai. Kaha ka protest bhai apni agenda push kar ne k liye kuch bhi karenge, bhikari media 1 side dikha rahi hai abhi.
If you call this a Farmers protest how many farmers are from other states other than Punjab ? 
Sat shri akal to rakesh tikat ji and ajit anjum sir. We are admirer of both of you. Moreover presentation shown by both of you brilliant.
Reforms are needed but you have to get it done gradually and create an infrastructure for other crops. You just cant throw a hammer on the head of the farmers. Farmers needs to be better educated and provided  with all the tools which can help them to be more productive and produce diverse foods.
Hope government learn from their mistakes and scrap useless anti farmer laws...otherwise Bengal up tn will b repeated and bjp will b sent to their native Gujarat
Another jumla of modi govt. , no doubling of farmers income.it will only double when swaminathan commission reports are implemented and msp is legalised.Today around 90 percent crop produces are sold in open markets to private players much less than msp.only corporates income is doubled.
I request India to drop your obsession with the Taliban. there are many other worst states in the world like israel,north korea, Myanmar who are as worst as the Taliban. but since the world has accepted it. Taliban too will be accepted. we could do nothing. all options failed.
farmers were concerned in future mandis will be removed, see our farmers can think of future how intelligent they r, but wait they cant think what will happen to the water level and soil in future, so remember these r not farmers
sir very good, but kindly brief that why this govt is in so hurry that these bills have to pass without any debate  and afraiding to face the questions from farmers.  secondly the word MSP is not being added in these bills. who will deal with contracting farming, means only specialist or big players in this industry want to control on whole farming sector as they know very well that this sector has wide scope to earn. please also advise that these bills should be openly debated in public and after finalise conclusion, these bill may be brought up.
Unnecessary Agitation by farmers when farm bill is already postponed for 2 years by court, and Bills are in favour of Farmers only
Taliban proved to be the strongest military group in the history, they defeated the whole united world powers. They have reminded us Fatah Makkah and the victory of Baitul Muqadas by Sultan Salahuddin.
Agricultural reforms are not necessary to the farmers.
very nice explained in same way can we map what farmers need change in the above ??
Not farmers, khalistan group funded by Congress
They are not protesting on Farmer issues 
We should never ever mess with Punjab or Bengal coz these are states which helped to gain independence and these are the states which helped remove Indira , so now Bjp has messed with one and if they mess with other then the govt will no longer be there .
Thank you Mrs priyanka for your support to farmers. God bless 
Congratulations to all the farmers. God bless you always 
The only con which I can see is - Farmers generally rotate the crops to keep the soil fertile. but if the price for a certain crop is lucrative then farmers may repeatedly go for the same crop which can damage the soil in long run.
1) Need to define the Regulated framework where Government will oversee & monitor the Contract farming deal presented by Private Entity to avoid any exploitation to farmers
What the farmers are doing is correct, the day bjp lost bypoll, immediately our PM Modiji announced fuel price less and farmers law back, this is not done for the welfare of people , for the sake of election to win in next year , modi announced like this, 130 crore people know about this , it is election game , 700 farmers died, modiji didnot tell about them, this media is supporter of modiji , please madam don't shout , you are speaking on behalf of modiji and you are saying farmers are from Khalistan and terrorist, in this debate this media person is blaming farmers , supporting bjp and modiji, where was this media people from last one year
     That means the other farmers are not aware/concerned about the price differential.
I am son of a farmer and i respect you brother for your courage to be true 
Modiji, will you compensate farmers loss?
Farmers 
We support our farmers we are with our farmers
U can kill farmers but u can't kill thier purpose
feel so guilty but cannot do anything for our farmers
after this video, i have come to a conclusion. Farmers are protesting for a problem that they "may" face later on(removing msp). As for the contract farming, no one is forcing farmers for that. You will always have an option to go to apmc or simply deal with the industries directly. Is my conclusion correct? Correct me if i am wrong.
Elections... power is the weak point of modi.. and to not lose it... he can do anything .... i mean anything for power...
99 percent of them are opposing BJP ... They even don't know farm bills ..... I pity them ...  They don't know ...  I hope one day farmers sons like us who are educated now would make them learn and stop them being puppet
In Bihar, this law is already removed. My uncle is farmer
Currently APMC's decide the market rate of goods produced and isnt it amazing that even in 2020 there is no free trade allowed in farming sector . Stop this bullshit of something might wrong happen... APMCs and MSP will be there if farmers dont want to sell their good to private sector.In current scenario , MSP means maximum support price because farmers are not allowed to sell it anywhere else but APMC , unless there are alternate buyers how can minimum supportive price be effective???? its like monopoly .APMC also charge around 10% tax to farmers ,keep 2% n 8% goes to govt . thats why these middle man are protesting not ACTUAL FARMERS . so please stop spewing shit .
If farmers don't want to improve their life then left them to stay poor.
I can assure you, 90% of our population has absolutely no idea about any of it (Including majority of the farmers). They are either supporting or opposing based on their political preferences lol.
If it is very important like pm says in this speech. Then I would like to ask why he repeal this law though he know this law good for farmer. Then what make him to repeal this law, you willingly take away goodness of the farmer law what force you to do that.
P. M is correct about farm bill , that it was many time discussed with their corporate friends and then brought in the Parliament for enactment.
I support farmers right or wrong
Why did you exclude the fact that msp is not a legal provision? Also, it was promised in an election manifesto that it would repeal the agricultural produce market committees act and make trade in agricultural produce - including export and Inter state trade - free from all restrictions. Why then are we raising barriers when in principle all of us agree it's good for the farmers? APMC is not going anywhere either, so everyone has an option to sell there.
Do you really think our real farmers do this.... Does everyone are fools... They are insulting our Indian farmers...
So how anyone can say removing APMC will give the better opportunities to farmers
              This too will become a jumla, farmers will be upset again, see.
Farmer too is father of a jawan
Is the price of commodity decided by the seller or buyer or supply and demand, so how can any corporate control the price . By this so called protection by the government our farmers are still in not so healthy state isn't it
Farmers are a pride Of india sharam ani chaiye apko kisan ke sath asa krtey hue
This is an good video explaining the details of the implications of the farm laws. Here are a few more explanations for the benefit of viewers point wise. 1. Is this threatening Coop Federalism? No: Farmers right to sell their produce to whomever, wherever, whenever, whatever quantity cannot be infringed upon. The Entry 26 enables States to regulate trade in agricultural commodities subject to entry 33 in the concurrent list, which deals with trade with food stuff, cereals. Doubling farm income can occur with such market reforms. Also, with Article 249, Centre can enact law in national interest of saving farmers from exploitation by middleman.
My dad was a farmer and has suffered so much loss due to crop failures and rain .. there use to be very bad situation sometimes
Why are you calling them local people...all independent media people have exposed them to be affiliated with BJP
Being a farmer child feeling proud........so nice song
Mr ravish saying there is no loud speaker on TRACTOR  NO protest will go on peacefully manner doesn't look whatever they said
Coward government ...replace the face of PM with Yogiji
How many of these kisans are crorepati ?  Why don't the journalists ask this question to farmers participating in mahapanchayat ?
India need to openly support all anti Canadian separatists moment.... Many French speaking state in canada want separate country... india need to give them support of all kind
MSP should be legalized so that across the nation , Farmers get equal advantage. Bihar farmers are poor just bcoz they don't get MSP for their production. 
Modi should not have repealed the farm laws. Disappointed 
India has only one Parliament and that is in New Delhi. Punjab only has a State legislative assembly.
Support to farmers,
If people can work in  bars as a government employee, then why can't farmers have a government job. In india government employees are well protected from harsh conditions.
Love from Pakistan to farmers
Yeh farmer's protest neahi yeh liberandu protest hai....
You don't know Modi ji now in coming days such will be circumstances that farmer will come to Modi ji and ask for form bill 
I watched dr vikasdivya kirti 3 hours video. Where he talks about profits earned by farmers through the bills.  
I feel the solution would be to modify the law according to each state by consulting the farmers and implementing it or to make it as a state advisory so each state can implement its own version of this law.
FARM LAWS WILL NOT BE REPEALED AS AGRI REFORMS ARE NEED OF THE HOUR FOR INDIAN AGRICULTURE SECTOR ... PROTESTORS ARE MISGUIDED BY THE OPPOSITION
In the comment section I see people who support BJP and even the non supporters of BJP. Please don't vote for a party as you like the party or if one of your family members belong to the party. just vote the deserving candidate in your area but not the brand name of the party. All I want to say is that Know your candidate before you vote for him.
In Punjab Free electricity should , also , be given to Physically Handicapped as is given to Farmers , Dalits and OBC S.
Great men ravish kumar saheb you are very honest generalist in india i salute your mother dad
I am happy for repealment. But MSP issue still remains to be solved amicably/beneficially to the Farmers.
Kisans shall not be fooled by this announcement. Its all because of the upcoming elections in Punjab and UP.  Rakesh Tikait must continue the opposition. If BJP wins elections; it will bring these laws back with vengeance, more vigorously...
Guarantee this farmers attacked the car first and when they tried to run these people cried victim
How dare you post the wrong map of my country! Also you didn't talk about how only big farmers from Punjab and Haryana are protesting and that accounts for only 1-2 million. Get your facts right and then start spreading the (mis) information. In the name of simplification and making your story sensational stop throwing extra million farmers into it.
 should resign and governor rule be imposed in Delhi for hitech, politically and overseas huge funded luxury protests with weapons in tambus and borders unrest to public due to sayeenbagh, chand bagh, now Kisan netas andolan under bipakshi, birodhi rajneeti. Why andolans on Delhi borders and not at ram lila maidan and stadiums notified if any by  minicipal administration minister. Aap sarkar failed, miserably to protect Delhi janata and their property from day one. Kejriwal, seesodiya should resign urgently as Aap wants only votes of Delhi public voters, cannot provide safety and prashashan.
Jai Jawan Jai Kisan ..we alyzz with our farmers 
The act was taken at hold for 1 year. And the central government also asked famers for a peaceful discussion but these people remove our Indian flag and put their own flag. Firstly i have respect to farmers but now according to me they are the real terrorist. 109 police works are injured, 70 are in trauma centre and 1 have lost his hand. What was their fault? They are just doing their job this is very shameful and I am to superised that the government even didn't have take any action now.
Congress for Farmers
Though I'm pro BJP supporter...but this channel always have an unbiased opinion on every topic.
 No corporates can store all the foodcrops in a state. So far i know there is a law for that. But now farmers are excluded.Before police will not allow farmers to stock, or even they cannot take their products to other states.
New agriculture law on farmers write  report
Farm laws are not created by bjp it is emplemented by them it is created by great scholars of India and a committee of great educationists. This farm laws is increasing income opportunities to our farmers and not restricting farmers in anyway. There is no way where corporate will snatch 
You guys are literally amazing!! Only today I understand the actual bill
Modiji has broken Ties with the Akhali Dal and favoring Anil Ambani, Mukesh Ambani and Gautham Adani above the Agricultural and Farming Community. 
dear #All , i consider people raging for farm bills as innocents in pain , please lets not hurt them any more ... iff #Tikait is right , he would have gone to supreme court to challenge the bills, he is running away because he is wrong ...
     The fear of these farmers may be real, but not substantiated by anything but speculation, despite reconfirmation that minimum price will be maintained.  In this battle the spirit of democracy need to win, which is not what most people think, it is the the freedom of choice of every one that needs to prevail, and not that of the mob(Wrong word to describe these peaceful worried farmers.. but to drive home a point). 
Well explained for the poor farmer.
Reforms were due for a long time as stated by many experts and even the opposition party and Farmers unions themselves in the past.! (They asked for similar reforms btw.)
#standwithfarmers 
An open letter's videos are very detailed about the farm bills. I recommend everyone to watch that too
Poor farmers protesting in cold and Modi celebrating Divali what a heartless PM !
On last Saturday yogi Adityanath and amit shah came to hyderabad and conducted huge rallies for GHMC elections. Where were the covid protocols then?
Posing as farmers and disrupting life and movement indefinitely is not acceptable nor tolerable
So far tiket is concern he has to concentrate to only Farmers problems and stop to playing politics from dias.
I hope farmers get the justice they deserve!
The Anandpur Da Matta is in writing and the Government of India would benefit from making it law and then wait for UN to arrive for the whole map of India and it's radical to change next year. There will be no Congress elections in Punjab as EVM will be own up to shreds permanently 
Thank you BBC for a better coverage as asking the dumb farmers spokesman the right questions as some of your coverage on issues regarding India have been biased.
EPS95 Minimum Pension 7500 + DA na pass karne se poore hindustan mein labour varg sarkar ke khilaf hey.  Election will reflect this
MSP for 21 crops is there,  Price Discovery other crops based on demand and supply concept. Please readers, subscribers first download the 3 farm bills in pdf format from approved govt sites, then read and decide for yourself. MSP is known as price assurance, price guaranteed in the farmers legal agreement.
Thanks for courageously supporting farmers. 
Has Modi finally met his match in Indias farmers?  [asks] the UKs Guardian.
This is not any victory, but big loos to future of India.
Reforms are required in Agriculture, Govt should bring again these laws after discussing them with the farmers all across India.
Need to implement Swaminathan committee report. No new bills needed by farmers.
same farmer community sending their children to  western countries to enjoy the fruits of capitalism.......but when it comes to our country to do the same reform they want old failed socialist laws......... tragedy of our nation
We are with farmer.
farmers are the second mother of every human being government should think twice on laticharge attacking farmers and senior citizens is not good
My father is a farmer , I am from a farmer's family...I know the real struggle . But also I proud for it.
Modi is a genius at winning elections, but shits the bed in governance.
700 farmers died what punishment for Aandaa Khanoon inventor
Im a farmer and I salute scoopwhoop for coming between us, talk to us, understanding the problems, try to find solutions and for supporting farmers
Nothing MSP- in Farmers bills? Outside APMC , its not necessary- its not (deliberately) mentioned.
Obaisi along with his allies be thrown into Afghanistan & let him/them to guide Talibans how to lead Afganistan in future because he claims to be well educated. Let him do their help & India be spared of such spoilers.
The person who is killed is lakhbeer Singh from punjab shocked to see how any Sikh can disrespect guru granth sahib ...Why Zee tv is showing unknown person ...he is lakhbeer Singh killed by nihangs ..not gd at all
And then yogi ji comes...
I was initially supporting this repeal but after hearing Abhijit Im not
God save India from BJP
Do you think the government is so dumb to anger the farmers? 
The Indian farmers have made their way of life for generations! They dont need government screwing it up! I stand with the farmers.
I pray to god that all farmers should immigrate to any other developed country because this country don't respect farmers
2l) Government & police is purposely detouring the traffic through local roads & trying to agitate the locals against all farmers.
The people who don't know let me tell you india and foreign countries have always manipulated and created terrorism in pakistan..can any one tell me why is kashmir on lockdown?
If farmers actually wants to develop then just stop  farming for 3yrs at any cost... No strike plzzzzzzzz...
Pakistan should help us just like india helped bengladeshies in 1971.
Moreover if the government feels that farmers are misguided they should have approached them way before rather than using water cannons and forces against them. Also, they have complete right to raise their concerns which should be appropriately  addressed. They should be paid extra for all the efforts they put.
And BTW there is a survey that shows that most of the farmers support the 3 new bills
Christianity is spreading like fire in Punjab and those converts are congress supporters. Again this whole protest is political tool......
This was a rich farmer's agitation. 
I support FARMERS from Italyyour Pakistani VEER 
Thank you for reporting on the very important farmers protest issue. Jai kasaan
We need to stand with Our farmers.
Simple.UP and Punjab elections
Thanks news 24 reporting for farmer
4) Illegal Hoardings: This isn't going away. You can include this in law but isn't  it happening by rich farmers or agents even now?
Chalo modi ji ne kch English le word to sikha diye! Thanks modi sir
(Just some constructive criticism) You guys joke about Newspaper Ads for Farmers and Migrant Labourers in English but never make these Explainer videos in Hindi. Atul Chaurasia is good, but he doesn't do a lot of detailed explaining.
Government or any farmer producer organisation or agricultural co-operative society may
Boycott 26 January by people of India. Stand for farmers
The government could stop this. But they didn't ,, because government knew that by this incident the public will be against the farmers.
While VOX covered on how bad the government and the corporates are it forgot to cover how middlemen and moneylenders exploit the farmers and how well these people have integrated into the mandis of Punjab and Haryana that they hv a monopoly.
#Farmers Protest...
May our farmers be blessed...
The way farm  laws were passed in Parliament definitely create dought in the minds of farmers
Shame on PM Modi. He needs to think about farmers of India, rather benefiting Ambani all the time.
But you did not consult farmers of Punjab. Such a mean person. You have surpassed Natwar Lal
Far better than the treatment of farmers protest...
Don't ever forget that you are fed by the farmers.. not by  your higher officials order..if you eat a meal thank a farmer
In the house no one had no thoughts for farmers neither our leaders nor the speaker
Pakistan will turn in Taliban within 10-15 years.....and the common people will suffer as Afghani people are suffering Today.........So don't support Taliban
They are not farmers they attacked our red fort..
We respect our farmers
Stop the Farm bills immediatly with out discussions
Demand of Farmers are pretty Simple as they want in written that-
I'm not asking you to stop shopping at supermarkets, just supplementing a share of your groceries from these local farmers.
But all we know now that's their in comments section 80% Pakistani it cell + khalistani it ce ll is working and if others comments in favour of bjp government then they will say it's bjp it cell or godi media .
What the agitating farmers could not achieve  by their prolonged agitation, could be done by Capt. Amarinder Singh. I think it is largely the efforts of the Captain coupled with election politics ,which led the Central Govt to reconsider the issue to pave the way for Captain's victory in Punjab election. No political party however can claim a role in this issue. Enough hints were already dropped by him in advance about the course, the Central govt needs to take.But how a small fraction of farmers have become a block to larger section.
Forgien media always glorifies Punjabis no one showed rakesh tikait ravi azad Mandeep Punia are we haryanvis, rajasthani and up jats stupid ??
Rakesh Ticket is your father,you both are trying to be smart .you have as wisdom as Mr.Tiket has in his toe.
This law would've beneficial for the farmers only.
I don't quite agree, but would like to see how things fold up. Hardly 0.5% of so-called farmers are involved in the rejection (won't even call them protestors).
I think farmers are protest peacefully but there are some external interfance who only saying that they are farmers but actually they are not .btw who knows
Good news for farmers
Well done bharat kisan unions for beating the evil money men who would have took the soul out of India.
You said about decrease in farming but the reason is using of more and more urea, pesticides and herbicides which is causing soil erosion and fertility problem, and other problem is distrubution end who are doing these protest and made farmer as there employer who are saying there system will be gone....the problem is this bill gonna impact the distributors not farmer, so as this distributor are creating hovac and those who are saying they don't need this farm bill but before these bill all farmer were protesting to amid this bill even when it was passed every political party appreciated but as you know people want to defame the image!
Ye backfire ho Gaya kam chor farmers ke upar...
Just one question. If existing bills are so beneficial to farmers, then why farmers situation is so poor in India. And if farmers situation is poor now then we should try something. This BJPs bill have some loop holes. But everyone is talking about negative points. No one has focussed on pros. Opposition should try to neglect that loop holes by giving some ideas to BJP govt. If they don't have any, then they should stop misleading farmers. No government is pure soul. But one point is, no any government will try to push farmers to let them suicide..... Think about it twice
I am so sad yaar Kya ho Raha hein....why gvmnt didn't good respond to farmers 
#istandwithfarmer
Very happy for farmers 
I am with the farmers "father of national".
Thanks to all the farmers, now all they will rich, they never make suicide.
Salute to you Rakesh Ji you are raising good points in Indian politics everyone need to know about your points you are focusing
Taliban is a phenomena. Taliban is humble innocent civilians. We should cooperate with them. But Again Modi and company RSS propaganda brains are on 7th floor.
2. How come your traffic rules on rally known to each farmers
The govt had pushed the farmers patience beyond bearable limits! They took them for granted and turned a blind eye for 60 days. The govt is casual in its approach to the problem!
Highway blockade didnot result anything good for farmers 
Everyone is talking about farmers death what about the other 3 to 4 people agar woh farmers nahi to kya unke murder ki jaanch nahi honi chahiye? Har ek murder ki jaanch honi chahiye.
The farmers are protesting in a peaceful manner.And more important they are protesting not just for themselves but for every common men because it will effect the common man the most.
What happened that day is an expression of dissent by the farmers who have been peacefully protesting for 2 months and losing their loved ones amid cold and covid. Almost 150+ farmers died in the protest. The government passed the laws amid covid and declared postponing it just days prior to Republic Day for their reputation. They care less for the farmers and more about their image. Police clearly fired unprovoked tear gases to the peaceful protestors and the whole mess began. Thats a ground report ! Protestors were seen distributing water bottles to police and protecting female police from the chaos. Yes they hoisted their Sikh faith flag but whats wrong with that? The National flag was way up higher and untouched and the Sikh faith flag is a reminder of the dissent of farmers who have heard zero response from their democratic prime minister about the farm law protests since day 1 as if pretending the country is well and stablilised. Guess what? The government stopped/slowed Internet services in the capital to prevent the authenticity of the day get out! 
Me from punjab sad to see  innocent farmers fighting for  artia mafia .....sooner or later farmer get to realise benifit  of bill made by Congress implemented by bjp.....
For the above reason farming is always a loss to 80%farmers.
See.. In U.P not all the people have voted for BJP some voted for other parties and so similar to that not all punjabi have voted for the same party and so seeing that the BJP government is playing politics over farmers lives.. Think once if you have brain farmers are protesting from last year it's been more than a year and right after the minister son killing four four farmers... In order to divert the situation from that the BJP have sent an assassin to kill a farmers to divert the situation from U.P to haryana even though haryana is a BJP government.. The reason behind is there's an election coming up in U.P and so U.P government alomg with BJP government will do anything to come into power
Only people farming wheat rice and sugar would have issues cos India grows excess and there no huge demand. Less demand less price but no they want their MSP from taxpayers money
What do u mean by withdrawing support from bill? Withdraw support to government.
Bjp the most undemocratic political party in the world. Now Khattar faater have started to sense that his seat is in danger and trying everything to save his own images and projecting as pro farmers.
I support farm laws
kisan majdoor ekta zindabad ..."Treat the people the way you should be treated" .....Stay Blessed always
Gote Bala haba only punjab election come
They are not farmers now government not listen to them
You are absolutely right... But if the farmers are educated they will not be farmers 
The modi government is assuring that the  existing MSP system will not get  affected . So in which aspect the farmers are claiming that the new reforms are threatening to msp?.. If they are protesting this hard there must some sensitive hole in the reform which threatens the msp WHAT IS IT?
Thanks to Adani Ambani for repealing the bills!
Why do you call those parasites farmers?
This speech turned govt's loss into farmer's loss
BJP/RSS  have the same Ideology of Taliban. 
PM should have taken back 3 farm law when many farmers were striking day and night.Many were killed  and many cases filed against innocent farmers. They faced many hardships who will wipe there tears This is too late and too little announcement. More Compensation should be given to all farmers in India. Jai kisan
I'm a Bangali, Kolkatan!!  Purely supporting farmers!!!!  May be this is the first time,  I'll get to see the real INDIAN power-parade this year...  Plz  do show us the parade. Mujhe pehele bolna para me Bangali hu to show my respect & love to my sikh community. Hum sab ek sath hain. "JO BOLE SO NIHAL
I don't understand what's wrong with VOX. They make quality content but it lacks lot of facts. First of all Mandis are already corrupted and farmers won't get fair pricing. Deregulating it encourages startups and new companies to give fair pricing and farmer can get a fair deal. These protests are mostly made by the middlemen and mandi influenced farmers. My uncle grows wheat it's been decades that he got fair pricing. He says farm laws benefits him a lot. I'm happy to these implemented cuz he benefits from it.
Yet, if there was a general election Modi and his ilk will be winners. Nonetheless, well done on your persistence Farmers,
this protest defines the art of protesting . huge respect to all the Farmers and the scoopwhoop team.
This is happening in India as one man (Bill Gates) in US is now wanting to be a farmer.
Sir as a son of a farmer I just want to thank you  For supporting us and mentioning about this protest Naujwaan Kisaan Mazdoor ekta Zindabaad 
Farmers plights not addressed. All that is required is subsedized seeds. And MSP as per price index.
Fake farmers, beat them as hell
Congratulations, after almost 1 years all 3 farm laws are repealed
UP elections are around the corner. Congratulations to all the farmers who participated and won this fight against corrupt politicians. Long live revolution. Down down Imperialism. Inquilab Zindabad
If something (Khalistan extremism) is going on in Punjab, then bowing down and giving them what they want is ridiculous. It needs to be dealt with toughness. The "farmers" protest will not end even after Modis announcement to repeal them, which will show the true intentions of these protests
Ye up elections ka dar h . Modi or media hi har h
Support for the Farmers 
They came to know after 365 days this is not benificial to farmers.
Bills must not only passed in lokha sabha and rajya sabha but must also give the Indian citizens to vote for it.
You should also cover if APMC is shut down then none of the small vegetables seller will be able to purchase the goods for trade which will eventually lead to unemployment and that unemployment will be huge if look into bigger picture and these big companies will create monopoly in this sector and sell the commodity at their own prices.
the flag was not of farmer union
How sad ! Surprised.... Indian bjp gov behaves brutally with kishans,
I request  all educators please support  farmer s protest
I am proud of our sardars. The farmers right cannot be snatched.
Indirectly gonna make farmers servants in their own farms.!!
Ravish ji Modi do not speak as you want. He will talk and give his master strokes when it is right time.
This is going to be very bad. Opposition only weapon of farm laws is non-existing now ,Now eletion will be simply fought on Hindu-muslim issue. Now nobody is going to incentivise farmers of Punjab to shift from paddy to different crops . Procurement will shift from punjab to different states .
Govt brought a good law.. farmers should not be used to make a political offensive. Farmers also should be made more aware on the issue.
only a farmer knows his farming potential .. I'm Pakistani  we ate with u sikh saab
As a son of farmer. I support farmer sitting in cold.god help u.
Firm action needed against all   who acted and broken fabric OF REQUIRED DISCIPLINE AND  decorum of house. They don,t deserve to be members of this AUGUST HOUSE. To safe guard farmers future this bill is boon .  MIDDLE  MEN,S ROLE FINISHED.
Free market ka best example MTNL and BSNL that's why farmer oppose this. I think so may be  I wrong
Farmers are the power  of Politics and farmer are powerful than Prime minister 
ALL INDIAN CITIZENS SHOULD SUPPORTE FARMERS.
Very well said Tikait Saheb. Anjana Om Modi only trying to divert topic to hindu-muslim
why India attack first to Taliban with Israil and usa and it's all suported country
The government doesn't care at all for the public opinion  they say this help will gain more profit for farmers and for us in the coming 5 years or 10years 
These are not farmers anymore.NDTV must call it what they are.Hooligans.
Around 70% of the rural India depends primarily on agriculture for their livelihood, of which 80 % of farmers being small and marginal. 
Really appreciate your way of presenting all the bills but I would like to point out that gradual weakening of APMCs can hurt the local economies. So, I would suggest the Govt to strengthen the APMCs and then look towards the private enterprises to deal with our farmers so that farmers can have the best of options  and let them decide that to whom do they want to sell their produce to. Apart from that ensuring a minimum support price even for the corporates will be a welcome step. 
The way Samdish's coverage works is that it makes you sympathise with the farmers. We know why farmers want full repeal of laws. But what Samdish is not covering is why the Govt is adamant on bringing these laws. Maybe no-one from the Govt is ready to explain him the need of these laws. Modi government did a pretty bad job the way it passed these laws with nearly no support from other political parties, farmers, their leaders and the farmer unions. Wish this issue resolves, with farmers going back home happy.
I hope your thoughts on why farmers were protesting is changed after looking what happened since you made this video. They were protesting to get this bills repel. The farmers those who were protesting are those 6% farmers who gets the benefits of msp. It would be great if you had also covered why only few sections of farmers were protesting.
It hurts makes me cry seeing our old people and everyone else too trying so hard to get their own rights this is the country which says jai jawaan jai kisaan and our kisaan is suffering so much just because of this one man narendra modi i don't know how he sleeps at night doesn't he gets nightmares.... god is seeing we are seeing someone's gonna punish this man so bad that he'll definitely remember everything everything bad he did.... karma man karma strikes back
Simply because there are a lot of farmers in Punjab and Harayana, also because the govt is slightly respectful of the constitution and doesn't violate it to the extent that center and U.P. do
Well...Mr sekhar, you accepted the fact that modi lost battle as far as farm laws concerned...
Why are you instigating the farmers?
Ese Employees Ko FARMER ka foods product use nahi karna chahie
All the development of India during BJP govt is in social media only. Only numbers you can find everytime from explanation of govt.
Indias economy is dependent on agriculture directly or indirectly and people from all states are dependent on farming. What surprises me is that why only Punjabi have problem with the bill. It clears my doubt that this is controlled by khalistani groups and nothing related to the bill or government. This is political and is clearly backed by Pakistani isi and khalistani groups by pushing funds in india.
I'm an Indian rightist sir , my respect for you and your journalism has increased exponentially from this eps , I wish right wing had such good media houses ( I'm not talking about right wing propoganda houses like Republic , aajTK , abp )
Samdish plaza make a new video on farmers protest plzzzz bhai this is my humble request plzzzzz bhaiiiii.....
Whats really going to happen is now the market will decide what should our farmers cultivate . Eventually that will be in the favour of middle class people out there. Hoarding will be carried out by the buyers of farmer produce due to the relaxation in ECA. The farmers will struggle to battle the legal issues with such buyers. After few years , farmers will be exploited by the farmer produce buyers .. and they will become new middle men in India. Also the price of the produce will rise due to unrestricted hoarding by the buyers. At last the farmers is going to struggle again . Individual farmers don't have bargaining power. If we are supporting cooperative farming, the same amendment may result in more benefits than this.
People should know if the opposition opposes any Bill, it means the BILL IS GOOD FOR THE COUNTRY AND FOR THE PEOPLE IT IS MEANT FOR THAT IS THE FARMERS.
Bhai all our channel say is this Dakayt is good for our country, is he clean and beneficial to actual farmers, is he not politically involved, is he not accumulated lots of money? Now question is why such notorious, anti national man given familiarity in channel?
Salute to farmers....shame on Indian government 
 pressure on easier language of contracts keeping farmers' right (monitoring protection of plant varieties and farmers' right act,2001) in mind.
Only poor, marginal and landless farmers to be given benefits like electricity ,irrigation and marketing facilities to needy farmers.
To whom he addressed..why these online classes..why can't he listens the hearts of the people..when INDEPENDENCE come to people of india..in past kings and Britishers..now in the hands of CORPOTATORS , POLITICIANS AND MEDIA..WHEN INDIA GET INDEPENDENCE?
If Mandie was involving Taxation which farmer was paying for maintaining them than why these taxation system is removed when farmers deals with their produce with private business houses who have to pay nothing while buying !   Note, always buyers have to pay tax everywhere in the world. Here big houses are left with tax free buying .
PRICE ASSURANCE AND FARM SERVICES ACT, 2020
BJP always licking feets of Sikhs but Sikhs didn't vote BJP in General election or Delhi election.
Nice video with so much information. Just for my clarity that if MSP plays a very crucial role then why currently only 6 % of farmers are taking benefit of this. Why long time back people didn't oppose bringing MSP not a guideline but a law? Can you guide me?
He got information that the Pakistan jihadis and Khalistan groups joined China to get involved in farmers issues with Punjab farmers
Total injustice to farmers, people of India by bjp who have suppressed people to ask for their rights by imposing unconstitutional laws and forces... people pay tax to government to take government facilities at nominal price but selling airports,rails, energy to corporates will put extra burden to public..no mercy of dying farmers... worst government ever seen
I'm from India , Haryana (another major state for crop production) nd I have seen myself farmers were protesting patently from the past 4-5 months but its the government who are being the impulsive one here
The farmers have proved that truth triumphstheir persistence, patience and integrity got them through.
Salute to the Farmer Warriors & thanks to the supporters. Peace for those who lost their lives in this cause. Next big MOVEMENT should be against Corruption, Communalism, and Scoundrel politicians. Lets work together to establish a Progressive Democratic society.
People of Bharat, see other news medias too to see what the rest of the world is telling about the farmers protests. See al jazeera news, BBC news etc. Refrain from Godi media.
Pehle confirm krlo wo kisaan the ya khalistani
If they were real farmers they don't come for protest, but what khalastani will do now they don't have home now 
Modi will become the President & pass on the mantle to either Amit Shah or Yogi ( tho he will be the second option )
From now,farmers should give answers to politician in the way they answered,
 Journalism at best. Telling every LIE of this Godi govt and media. 
This bill is could be implemented with covering loopholes & atleast a law which keep  earning profit % in +ve for farmers (may be MSP or some different way to establish the same)
To conclude the bill only enrich the farmers eliminating middlemen looters these are misleading people by extremists groups
Farmers in India first of all does not face one issue but several leading to this dire state of them, these are dozens in number and will be very hard to tackle at ones, some of the notable ones includes small scale, consistent exploitation, adverse market forces, issues with distribution and supply chains, lack of access to finances and capital, climatic vulnerability, access to markets, etc just to name a few. As said, difficulties are many but we can broadly categories them to 4-5 core problems as most others just branches out of these core issues
remember the first day of Punjab Farmers That told "JAB TAK KANOON RADH NHI HONGE , TAB TAK NHI JAAENGE". 
India has several languages, and many farmers didnot know what is farmers bill
Not yet wait for real truth one SYSTEM in all India one prices in all India not state by state  EQUAL rights equality will save all farmers
Allow import of grains, procure grains for farmers in parallel with state govt.,, improve rationing, this will solve Gundaraj in procurement. May be benami affairs from top to bottom. As said in this talk, it may save local  party workers  from wrong propaganda. How did Modi missed out Punjab brown revolution big money from ages, while taking on reforms. With such lose talks sipping tea/ coffee, don't give lectures. It will lose the value of video making. This is a very important issue, people should come out with facts than assumption, that infiltration like POK as reason.
The law was to protect farmers. Modiji gave enough time for them to understand and accept the laws but they refused to see the truth.  In the end,  instead of prolonging this agitations,  government thought of repealing these laws. But it is the farmers who are losers. They will realise this truth very soon.
I don't understand this,how is attack on police acceptable,r they not soldiers,r they not serving th nation as army men n v can clearly see they were carrying flags of khalsa,wht hell is tht,if u r protesting for farmers bill how th hell is tht flag with them,bloody terrorists,Sikh people showed their true nature,till they needed help,they were with India,now tht they based outside n feel self Sufficient,they r showing their true colours,shame on them
Mr. Modi sacrifice farmers welfare and surrendered in front of some Radical groups. We viewed Mr. Modi as a real patriot however he has become cheap and normal, dirty Indian politician. Shame!!!
6:11 if the arhtiya loses his job because mandis close who will help the farmer ? Are you serious? The companies that are procuring these from the farmers will also need people for these same jobs of "load, unload, clean, package and bill". Just not at the mandi. In fact when the private companies do it, they will streamline it even further. That is the definition of removing the middleman. Private companies employ people for these things. As if the arhtiya is a magical breed of people who can uniquely do these things nobody else can. What are you saying?  These same people ma find jobs with private companies with their very specific skill set
we are witj farmers.
750 formers loss their life Who is responsible so modi is selfish modi no up Punjab is very denger off bjp thets y I wash all people's modi no only one politics Hindu Muslim Christian we are living like brother and sister but the killers are devaiding as bjp rss down down down
BJP bhagao desh Pradesh bachawo chal rha hai public hisab pura kregi election aa rha hai
Hope farmers don't take it to Mumbai to block Bombay stock exchanges. If it happens result will be disastrous.
Why ndtv and india today are so much anti govt and anti modi
Farmer saved the injured policemen.
this kisan movement brought my India together but guys we need to be aware of those elements who r doing opposite!
I support farmers .
This should happen to us those who got blind during giving vote to bjp . They forget what happen to gujjrat modi has to leave the pm seat
I also come from an India where the same Farmers defeated  the most arrogant government of independent India.
What you call them i my opinion there not farmer
I am not against any side of any party... But I am feeling bad for farmers... 
I support these agri reforms which basically empower the farmer, while taking away monopolistic power of aarhtiyas/commission agents who run APMCs as per their whims & fancies.
   Taliban are enemy of India 
I completely agree with Abhijit. Modi seem to be faltering in Punjab as he did in Maharashtra. What confidence that Modi has in Arminder that he is not doing the same act as what Ajit pawar did for BJP in Maharashtra.  Modi for sure is losing his credibility by such passive act.
Harsimrat Kaur BADAL supported bill in press conference 4-5days before....
If we ask any big corporate to make a deal with another big corporate, they can handle that on their level. Because they are well experienced in that. But, our farmers are currently not at that level where they can make a great deal with Reliance or Adani or any big private organisations.  So, it's absolutely very easy for any big corporate to exploit them for their profit. So, we need a certain mechanism where we can protect our farmers. That's why whether it's MSP or something else we definitely need some mechanism to protect our farmers from these corporates as long as our farmers have not come into that level where they can handle this by their own.
..like land bill was repealed..but some amendments  were done later and now land acquisition is happening just the way modi wanted but in another way..I am sure he has something in mind regarding this also...farm laws will be implemented but in a different way
Public must support farmers
Farmer's Deserved Respect 
Now supreme court gives statement,,,,,  Farmers why protest  shameless government bjp and shameless modi 
These laws are taken back not because Government care for farmers....this is because upcoming elections in UP, Punjab, Uttarakhand
Bill wapis lo then all will be ok . Kisaan will happy. Its all about govt ego and Modi dictatorship . You guys are helping his Dictatorship policy. All normal people will have to pay for that INDIA is going to be China. If we didnt stop , Country is going in some rich powerful hands .
Rakesh tikait was hero to zee media , he was only topic  revenue was only bcoz of rakesh ji..
This is the right way to put the BJP n right movement see the oppesiton trying all the trick in the book to stop the BJP why will a BJP go n hit the farmers to spoil there name when they r in the center so simple its game played by the opposite party even a fool can understand u don't have to b MBA for this good work Congoro
Someone was saying, after the two vehicles was destroyed and burned, to escape they drove in a hurry and the accident happened. Anyone knows the exact truth. I have seen these people killing a man using stick, no humans or farmers can do that. It was shocking. After supporting farmers and if they turned culprits we will look like idiots. Like what happened during farmers protest and many other cases.
Salute to Indian Farmers for their brave action
I'm not a farmer. I don't pretend to understand agriculture. But I love these farmers. And their right to protest for their rights. Such peaceful, caring and forthright people. Love from South India.
And that's the reason I support these bills as most Indian farmers support them (including the ones from whom I buy vegetables and grains) except the ones at Delhi protesting..
I don't know why but this will prove to a boon for farmers!
No amount of spin is going to help bjp... They will lose Punjab and western up.... This repeal is a disaster
More than 1 lakh farmers are protesting.. not a single citizen shop, house or car is destroyed by them.. not a single ambulance stop or even a girl molested by them.. something is wrong but not farmers
in india only farmers of punjab grow crop ?
Now farmers will be represented by mandirs. Wow
Also the new farm laws allows farmers to form aggregates (basically multiple farmers or multiple villages can enter into a contract with one coporate/private contractor as one single, giant entity). This alone should nullify any scope of coporations dominating the farmers.
No limit to storage: you gave a time of 10-20 years, first there will not be same PM and changes can be done. 2nd thing, if you have faced 2020 the year of covid 19- you must know in time of need we can control the price and change the list of any commodities like we did with mask and sanitizers. so crops can be added later.
How on earth can anyone ever call the farmers terrorists? Is the PM eating something made by the chemists?
Hahahaha indian army nothing in front of taliban
India lost billions of dollar in afghanistan.  Love you ISI you won againt RAW ,NDS,CIA 
This Farmers Bill is purely unscientific. This type bills won't work in India.
Indian govt creating another mess like kashmir, Citizenship act and now farmers protest
He put the life if all farmers in country in risk for next 20 years
I support farmers!! Every sane Indian citizen must stand in solidarity with our farmers!!
Well Mr SG as a lawyer I will tell you,  this law will neither benefit the farmer or consumers,  farmers have no control over market so do the consumers.... The only beneficiaries will be reliance market and fresh and they will decide the production,  demand and supply and the price.... This will give them free hand and provide them power to create artificial shortages and raise price for the consumer and create artificial excess to crash procurement price from farmers... Learn from Mexico and Argentina where also the govt to favour big corps brought a similar law resulting in less than 3 years great agricultural distress....  Avocados are good example.... Don't make all that govt does , look sweet with euphemismistic journalism to be made to believe its good....  Let's see the truth of your statements in 4 years from now whom these acts benefitted.....
Dena solution chutiya chup kyu hogya,de 2 solution chutiya. Salute to you all farmers dil se respect hai aaplogo Ka.
Now farmers can't even protect . 
Congrats!!! Now farmers will be millionaires, farmer suicides are no more! Agriculture economy growth rate 10% next year
Minister & Yogi Ji to this police officer: Zor zor se bolkar sabko scheme Bata de
Consequences of modiji's this can be varied and vast. As a common public i can't say much about it. But one thing is very clear. It's time to search or create new alternative. It will take time but atleast process should be started,  can't rely solely on BJP or RSS.  Before it's too late.  without new alternative , bad people will fill up the space.
Govt is empty so sell bsnl, BPCL, now farmers toow
Farmers are becoming perfect patsy.
I always evaluate all laws by their merit whether Modi or UPA govt. I strongly feel law is highly beneficial to people of India and a must for India to become a superpower. It is extremely hypocritical on part of  people of Indian origin overseas who are against this bill.  So many farmers from India have migrated to different parts of world in last 50 years, ie: would they do it they had those opportunities back at home. The law wants people to move people to jobs of higher income, attain higher education & help India become a superpower.
Showing true colours. Are they really farmers . They are more brutal than terrorists
Please don't say sathaniya log, they were RSS BJP goons and police was supporting them and allowing them to beat the farmers and burn the tents
Did all these farmers not voted for the PM who is enjoying when all of them  are now on roads in rain & cold? How are they going to correct their mistake of their past?
we stand with farmers..................
Kamjeet gives media a bad name.She's a instigater throwing Masala on a situation that is calm. She wanted the police to attack the kisaans to create a better story but that didn't work.She made put words in Niangs mouth and made it seem like they were prepare for a war. If it was such a dangerous situation and all kisaans were mad then how was she able to walk around freely.The whole time she was just talking to herself,she tried to be over  dramatic about everything. Delhi police blocked the assigned route so the opened a straight path ,thats all. No violence,guns,swords ect like this reporter was claiming.  The wanted the farmers to react so the police could take full charge but what ppl forget is most of the police is connect to these farmers. They have relatives and have to show face in the villages where kisaans farm.
Farmers are on road for a peaceful march yet police stops them
Good one Shekhar.. very well explained ..I believe you should have this topic in Hindi too and also a translation in Punjabi so that the larger farmer community can be made aware of the big picture.. again fact based journalism and that too at its best..kudos
Respect to the some of these young and older Delhites for understanding farmers plight. To be honest I was not expecting such response as from this interview. You have given me some faith. God bless you.
If Modi Ji did all these for vote, I am sure BJP will never come to power in Punjab
Ye modi sarkar se to British achha tha
2. It's a fact that around 14% of farmers are able to sell produces at MSP. This means, 86% of farmers are not protected by MSP. Does the farmer protests make any difference? 
BJP will loose heavily in Punjab..
A few other multinational and indigenous companies are also directly procuring their raw material from the farmers .
3)total farmers getting benefit from MSP are around 15-20 million
We people of uttar Pradesh and Bihar are poor because of these Punjab and hariyana farmers they traveled in helicopters and live in A. C room but our farmers does sucides and our government want there profits income of some parts should given to all state farmers that's why they are protesting against government. 
Media apna kaam na krke bs corrupt system ka part ban gya.....media m bhi do party hai... Ek bjp supporter media dusri Congress supporter media.... Reality or facts, democracy ko padi ni... Janta ko bewkuf bnate h bs.... Media ka kaam ajkl youtuber kre hai.. Btw this video is so informative... Thanks... Make more video for such information 
I am from Bangalore people in.metro are mislead by mainstream media, please make videos in English and South Indian languages as well so whole country is United in the heavenly cause if there is god please bless our farmers
Now BJP is trying to divide Farmers also.
Ye sirf up me election aa rhe hai oske liye kiya hai!! Farmers bhatke nh!! Hmm log BJP ko ess bar nhi ane dege 
Many Congratulations to the farmers of the Country. 
Discussion must be took placed with farmers prior to passing bill if BJP acted behalf of farmer's welfare.this is ambani and adani tricks.It is right time for all Indian to united along with farmers to protest against privatsation.Pls look at the price rise for food and in fuel to all commodities.corpoate companies are become rich and hardworking people become poor under BJP leadership. Farmers has open the eyes of others.this is wake up call why petrol price in india always raising each and every seconds?not reducing while international market price drop.it is in Government hand or private hand??........
I am a middle class farmers son 
Laws will favour the farmers only if you let them come out of traditional ways of growing and selling crops
pehle yogi ji c.m. bante Sikh rhe thee
Everyone is afraid of change. Don't resist just Embrace it. Our country  is developing that's all. All of us should be happy. I can see why farmers are afraid, but it's for greater good. 
honourable sir im mba student , during study i have to give presentation and i get topic farm bill so I watch this video and this video help me to clear my concepts thank you for makeing this type of videos and please do upload this regularly my goal is not ias but im curious abut this topics so please upload this regularly
I just dont understand that if a person starts to protest then its his problem and choice i understand that they are farmers but its ur choice in life cant blame the govt for it if ita ur choice
Jay hind Yogi Ji
Unlike adopt heritage scheme where Dalmia has taken maintenance of Redfort worth 25 thousands crores, govt. should allow private company to adopt Indian army, police station etc. This will reduce government cost at the same time increase efficiency.How many of you agree privatisation of police and army? Hope to see private  efficient police and Indian army very soon. Every one is blaming Modiji for China encroachment and expansion of village in Indian territory. The only solution is efficient private Army
* Access to markets-the majority of farmers are lacking access to a functioning logistics network to sell their output. The roads, rail and canal transportation aren't there, along with safe / cold storage to preserve food till it can be processed or sold. Resulting in a 3050% spoilage rate, effectively halving Indias farm output
We support farmers.
Shame  4 kissan died . There are small children and women also in protest that was not way to treat them . Why govt so worried to listen if they are so correct. Why so much time to created 4th for msp if they say farmer will profit. msp was just minimum support proce of crop that is some what more than breakeven.
doubling the farmers income joke of the decade
UP, Punjab elections changed the stance! What else could be such a delayed response
Modi= agriculture has POSITIVE GDP, that why Modi brought ANTI farmers Bill to NEGATIVE GDP of agricultural setup
Its high time that millions of Indian unemployed youths(in groups of five) from urban, semi urban and rural india, join hands with village farmers and their families to process, collect, transport and deliver all village produce at city/town dwellers' door step. Give farmers their MSP instantly, get back your cost+profit from customers on delivery, this can be done from every corner of our country. Start parallel marketing of village products by weekly delivery at cheaper price than Reliance/Big basket /Big bazar /Spencer etc. Every city/town households go for shopping these vegetables+ fruits +groceries + non-veg items at minimum double the prices from open or super markets. Cut short of middle men and agencies and ultimately the business houses.
What deeply pains me is the fact that this decision to repel was made on heavy political encumbrance and not on the entirety of the farm law. BJP made the mistake of not carrying out due diligence with (farmer) stakeholders in the first place and was very haste with the farm law. A much wiser and inclusive decision should have been made on a sector like(Agriculture) that contributes over 15% of the country's GDP and employs over 50 % of the population directly and indirectly. Thou I totally agree with good number of the farmers grievances, but personally, I was in favor of the farm law and sad that it has to go away like this. I feel even sadder this law has to be scrapped under the political burden and not because of the law itself.
I think farm bills are good and they are revolutionary as well.
Why police are using lathis for these farmers ? They should either use ak47 or ak56 rifles .
Good work democracy still exist happy day for farmer
3. Why Indian minister now meet with Taliban in doha if they were fruad? 
1. Farmers are allowed to sell outside of the APMC, but who are these potential buyers? From here comes the importantfact about the FPOs: on the ground, you can see many of these FPOs are formed by a small group of farmers as per the regulations, which are not the same as you highlighted during the 2nd bill discussion as the farmers were creating artifical inflation. As a result, farmers can now participate as another stakeholder in the supply-demand chain. 
In 2014 god make me pm to help farmers comedy of the year
Finally Pakistan win the Game in Afghanistan  Pakistan zindabad 
Zee media boycott
Throwing tear gas on farmers  , such a *HUMANE* act by BJP govt .
No farmer no food 
Sir ground reality in punjab is there is so much unrest in punjab due to unemployment, poverty and political vaccum...all these kisaan leaders just wanted to become mla and fight elections nd they hv told lies that their lands will b stolen by Adani ambani.. because of already unrest people believed these leaders nd followed them blindly...bt this is going to pay worse for punjab in coming years
We know our farmers from Punjab are well off they are self sustaining. It is good to see all are having sufficient food for 6 months but I am just curious as well concerned to know where more than 1 million people are going for relieving themselves everyday. If they are going for open defecation then it is very sad and a health hazard to neighbouring regions. Those organisations who are supporting this movement and our brothers from foreign Nations should also built portable toilts and STPs for these farmers to keep this area clean.
The congress party is agitating these farmers from Punjab.  They are attacking the police .
So we can easily understand that they knew about fake farmers clearly but it's not so big cuz Many powerful decisions have been  taken by him without any public protest. 
These laws are in force in Punjab since 2013 and in Haryana since 2006
These farm laws were 1991 moment of Indian agriculture.
India has indirect 100 crore farmers but we need <10 lack farmers 
Hindu were patience with congress for 70 yrs so let support Modi atleast for 35 yrs 
Well, i see this as a message to all people who feel opprssed by this fascist regime. Say thanks yo farmers, get inspired from them as say hoorah to Gandhian methods of struggle. 
Amrinder sing has become a broker or Dalal for govt to break this agitation. the farmer leaders should be very careful and remain united.
MSP ak to security price for the farmer  but not the real price of commodity.  Understand the fact. Farmer should get real price of his goods in the beneficial  or profit price of his goods. (Labhkari  value)
The whole video is based on negative assumptions about farm laws. There is actually monopoly of establishied traders in Mandi, who are controlling the market , this bill will break it. Mandis are safe haven for handful of exploitative traders, the new bill bring in more buyers for farmers produce, automatically better price relisation. You just want to stick with old red tape system which halted India's progress since 1950 to 1990.
Punjab has to go for industrialisation and let the farming done by Haryana and mp.and who is funding this protest.
It would have been better if you had done little more research on farm bills and had explained government's point of view too.
Farmers will have right to sell  anywhere in India rather than local mandi where they cant get profit.
The farmers are so aware about their rights and the govt is calling them misguided. Even they speak English, better than Modi. Hatsoff to our farmers. 
BJPs crime against Indian farmers.
PUNJABI HAI HUM MODI G
I felt abhijeet was very reluctant on yogiji as PM.he is ready to accept modi in 24,but silent on yogiji.
Rahul gandhi should read the new farm bill first.
Now indians know the real truth of media
India's most Truthful,  honest , brave, Courageous Kisan leader..India Loves  Sir Rakesh Tikiat ...
We are with you MODIji in your thick n thin ! We are your family sirji  !
Elections are coming modi needs vote
You don't know anything about the bill India depends on farmers 70% do agriculture why only one state farmers getting trouble by this bill there some people who trying to divide India and will not understand unless and untill u are in India
Opposing this bill means those don't want Welfare of the farmers... APMC act was made for farmers but now it is against farmers
Produce of a farmer is eaten by people of all religion
Thank you modi ji, instead of spending money on poor india people, you wasting tax paying citizens money on taliban.
I support this bill is helpful for farmer
I think this is a fake BBC, it's actually praising farmer's law.
Modi BJP Government Biggest Failure in All Policies.
Is congress a patriotic party ???? Is it true that rakesh tikait is real son of late shree mahendersingh tikait  a down to earth man and true farmer????????????
Punjab farmers are among the richest in the country and they have the most fertile land.. and protest was going on only in 2 states and not rest of the country... farmers in other states like maharashtra, Andhra pradesh etc are way too poor.. if u want to critise please give a proper analysis of entire bill and its effect on whole of India.. Rihanna and greta posted becuz they got paid by khalistan supporters..
Full support from farmers.  So proud of our young people.
Farmers will pull down the government.
MSP law should be passed. Other issues related to this movement should also be resolved at the earliest so that the farmers could move towards their homes. Jai kisaan Mazdoor ekta.
We are with our farmers 
I think most of the farmer's  relatives  are in canada..even khalistani relatives are also there..so its natural canada p.m to support panjab farmer's protests..
When did India's flag changed??  And what about other states farmers?? Oops only  some states farmers are feeding us free of cost
If this is such an evil bill, then why aren't farmers from other parts of the country protesting. In fact many other farmers(more than the ones protesting on highways and causing civil unrest) support the bill.
Why this farmers protest not in Congress and Opposition ruling States. Only around Delhi for more than one years by disturbing the normal life in that area
Kya kisan hai india mein yaar 1 saal sey andolan karrey funded agents BJP kaisa tackle karti dhekna hai but very difficulty situation to BJP hopefully UP and Punjab elections save BJP why BJP not using phone tapping of anti Indians those who wants to destroy india in the name of kisan andolan
funny how congress had same bill in their manifesto in 2014 and also after passing it in september now suddenly they support the protest
Shame on you indian media
In this bill, farmers can not sue the corporates in court and they only have the right to go to SDM. Do you think SDM has more power than those rich corporates.
Thanks for showing the truth that Indian media is not showing
Awesome straight forward explanation like jalebi and u literally said that now farmers should have to educate enough to right terms and conditions.. wow & now straight to the point, it doesn't look like that u r against the bill just make this video to convince people that bill is actually good for farmers... and it shows   in the starting of the video when u said that who already sets  their perspective about this farming bill don't have to watch video. My English is not too good but i tried that who ever read this can understand in easily .
Digvijay's son even if inducted in BJP should never given a ticket immediately
Hamaare gav se bhi bahut log ja rahe h tractor troly k sath BJP vale bade jhoothe log h jo kah rahe h local log nahi ja rahe panchayat me.
Go go farmers.. !!!!
Save Farmers Save India
#WeSupportFarmers
Even the richest man in the world relies on a farmer to feed him.
Today BJP loses me as a  supporter  !
So hey, I was having a chat with dad wrt opposition claim on MSP. Has the price of MSP been specified in the 3 acts, with a rider of course that it will be reviewed every year by a select committee or some such body, not ONLY by bureaucrats? Apparently, just to say that MSP remains is not enough. To say that it is being restored to its original intent of being minimum support price and not, what it has become, maximum sale price will not do. Do throw some light on that.
Farmers are God. They are our Annadata.Long live democracy. Long live India.
Sadly not much can be done people won't let farmers sell their food their selves because it's for upper casts to do and people believe farmers should live in bad conditions because karma says they deserve it so people overlook it.
The ones who are protesting are not in majority. The majority of farmers support farm laws.
Is it possible that farm laws have been repealed because like last parliamentary session the opposition would try to create ruckus and there are some very important bills regarding cryptocurrency and probably IT related which needs to be passed. It is very difficult for me to digest the fact that PM Modi would tarnish his image and not think abt the actual farmers just for some elections.
APMC should organized the farmers and on behalf of the Farmers APMC should deal with the corporates.
Taliban are quick learners version 2.0 Learning from Israel,  China and India. How to control protestor?
It's not breakthrough for Farmers, but for Yogi Das and for bjp for their next Assembly elections in UP and other states.
Protect the farmers always! 
If you think modiji did not think of consequences of repealing the farm laws, then you did not understand him at all. Wait and watch what's up his sleeves next. It's much more than just UP and Punjab elections.
Dear farmers more support for youstay unitedlet us show farmers power is the  greatest power
Now there should be a new protest by real farmers :D
Failures are stepping stone for success. Keep talking. Do not counter attack. People are with farmers. Not with government. Give up your Herculean Ego and accept the demands of farmers. People will give you 3rd term.
First signs of victory of Farmers. Jai Kisan Jai Jawan.
Indian government is saying these poor farmers are anti nationals
Gold is always gold  but PM Narendra Modi is the diamond  of India
This video made my day. No words can explain my feelings. Lots of love and respect for you and your parents. May waheguru bless you guys with a bright future and healthy life. Humanity is the only religion . Kisan Mazdoor Ekta ZINDABAAD!!
Everyone pls understand if its really farmers protesting or the politicallly motivated rally
You all Farmers are PRIDE AND FATHER OF BHARAT nation and just because you work in Agriculture sector.. we all can eat Healthy..
You don't stand for farmers today tomorrow you won't stand a chance against the rich cooperations whom the government are trying to replace the farmer with them.
O God pls save my country and be with farmers.
Don't repeal farm laws . We love modi government.
It's good decision, this decision should have come before the death of 700+ farmers
In science theres a saying if your ideas are good but if you cant communicate them properly then your ideas are worthless. Government should seriously think about coming up with infographic presentations before an important bill. Im sure same miscommunication will happen with one nation one election.
This is all for the coming elections. Farmers still don't forget all those hardships, all those people who died due to this, all those people who are brutally murdered by running over vehicle on them. we have to vote that Fraud out and drag every Godi media  to court who tried to defame the farmers, mothers and country. Or else this will never end.
1:04 shaantipoorna?? bhutni ke jo 26th Jan ko hua wo shaanti poorn tha?? I agree these laws were not beneficial for farmers from the start, but saying that this whole protest has been peacefull is not correct, a lot of anti national elements were taking over this protest to fuel their personal agendas, Khalistan movement somehow got associated, I don't how and it should not have been. And blocking roads was never a good option, protests are meant for the better running of a democracy and not prove to be pain in the a*s for the common people.
People like Rakesh Tikat Ji is need of the hour .
Indian government ko northern alliance ko support karna chahiye
4. Government has to procure these commodity to sell to common people & we can include a private companies/state body to procure these products from farmers sell in mandies because,  in India even common people & poor lives apart from Big MC D or Amul Company.
The whole video revolved around party politics, how BJP and Modi are. The more important and most important aspect is what farmers could have gained or could have lost with law coming into the effect which was completely ignored. But who cares about that in journalism nowadays - what country needs and all, they're rather happy with siding with BJP or other party.
What you outsiders don't understand is that the farm bills were made with the intention of benefiting the farmers not to destroy peace. Yes, definitely the government hasn't listened to these farmers cries or given them Enough attention that's why they are behaving like this, the situation is unfortunate
In any system Mandi system or contract farming and cold storages , finally what will help the farmer is an HONEST system . People are always trying to cheat and steal wherever they can and this has nothing to do with the govts which traditionally have very weak and inefficient law enforcement.
Bihar farmers got lower prices probably because necessary reforms didn't take place in other states particularly the important markets in the western & northern metropolises where they would get better prices for the produce, & bypass their own APMCs. You didn't mention what happened to the maharashtra farmers, may be it was the other way round? 
Lot of love to farmer supporters 
One who have read the bills carefully and understood it would never oppose it for welfare of small and marginal farmers.....very bad decision for farmers future....people who r barking here don't even know how farmers are suffering and what agriculture actually is and how much essential thess bills are for them....mark my words ...you will see the consequences of this on farmers life..economist r not fool to support the bills but unfortunately we have whatsapp university professors ... I'm not bhakt just read the bills once
These are not Farmers these are goons
YE KISAN NAHI PUNJABI AATANK WADI HAI
For contract farming point... yes farmer should allow to go in court. Also better to have any gov body for price regulation.
I think, FSP is a great suggestion and should be added to the farm bill.
I'm on the farmers' side, greetings from China
If u dare show likes and dislikes......shame on u Godi media
Rakesh taikat in very bad and mad  sp in very Chor price .
Need to involve with selected areas of farmer's as Pilot project and convince them about the benefits. Then try to convince others
In an unprecedented non-political unification of diverse forces  farmers, landless labourers, Arhtiyas, ex-servicemen, artists, NGOs, religious bodies etc  from all over, the farm agitation has remained remarkably peaceful, despite barbaric use of state power by Haryana to block them and thereafter a concerted effort to cause cleavage among them and painting the movement as Khalistanis, tukde tukde gang, terrorists etc.
They r justified, we common man of India support them cos they r fighting our fight. Thx to farmers.
Vox should also make a video on how United States (there country) is pressuring India in WTO to remove support for farmers...
Farmers protest is MORE farmer's....
ALL the farmers from every part of India should come to Delhi and join in the protest. Then they will not be called terrorists, Khalistanis or tukde tukde gangs.
Great Tiket ji  very sensible interview election should be purely on development , lots of respect to you, Anjana ji ab bhi waqt hai for god sake plz do some introspection
Shameful behavior by bjp and its minister... The Delhi police needs to grow a spine and stop indulgence in inhumane behaviour .. These people don't even want the farmers to have access to drinking water, let alone coming up with positive legislation to help and protect the farmers. Proud of the AAP party, thanks for working for the people?
This is a double blow or 2 of the strongest slaps on the face of BJP. Firstly, Unity displayed by all the farmers from almost all the states of North India. It showed the real power of the farmers. 
Druv bhai 3 ordinance mein yeh hai ki farmers fruad wgera hoya to woh court tak mein nhi ja skte
I support farm law.
Is this last reform or last bill passed in history of india ?
I think that the farmers are more literate .
Not "10's of thousands" of farmers, there are 2 Million Farmers on the frontlines alone, and millions of millions supporting! What a big mistake!
There is no proof that he did blasphemy but still people are supporting these so called farmers
Rakesh tikat fake   , bicholi, broker of bipakshi birodhi ... May not have ploughed and hard worked ever in the fields to generate produce low cost yeild fasal for small tenant farmers.
Bad decision to repeal good farm laws.
This is all done to save Punjab from khalistan...Sadly No Reforms...
Farmers ghode aur sword leke aaye the....wah bhai wah
Minister is not going anywhere that's not the standard of Modiji led bjp govt.
Cntrl govt:farmers are  violent, police action required.
Praise to Almightyhappy for our farmers.. UP election affect
THERE WAS A REASON WHY PUNJAB IS THE FIRST STATE MENTIONED IN NATIONAL ANTHEM..AAJ DEKH LIYA KYUN...JAB SBKI KAMAR TOOT GYI..IN LOGON NE SARKAAR KI JADEIN HILAA DI...TAKE A BOW SARDAAR JI 
MODI JI is 2nd Best PM after Atal Bihari Vajpayee 
Govt, at least now, could move on and focus on other sectors for economic growth.. Probably, a watered down version of this farm laws could be enacted in BJP ruled states or center might enact laws to strengthen and bring transparency to existing setup.
By now removing the MSP they have now removed the ONLY safety net they had but refused to give them the option to refine crops back so effectively killing the farmers. 
1. Might lead to hoarding and black marketing. (Majority of the farmers are S&M, storing their own crops can be a tough task, on the other hand the revision of EC list can give Corporates an upper hand to Store & Manipulate the price to their benefit)
The points raised by Farmers towards police are exact to the points.
Modi ji fictional story bohot pdhte lgte h.....
Please don't this ...una nu jann do ...No farmers no food 
Correct yoir order of news.. first police started the water canon and then farmers pelted stones.. shame on thequint.
This z the way how Ruling Party deal wid farmers
We always support our farmers
If all the farmers continue protesting against the law, it would lead to food crisis in the country. Government should done amendments in the law. I personally support Punjabi farmers, love from Sargodha.
So finally modi heard the voice of only few farmers nd terrorists.  Modi media lost their battle. Shame on u govt
Inko thokna shuru karo ya sab political parties ka tools ha crackdown karo in chuyltiyo pa I am farmer for himachal pradesh .
Feeling soo sad for these poor and innocent farmers
The reason for this repealing is not the care for farmers. 
Godi media agar app Modi ke Chamche nhi hote ton Ajj India Golden india hota
Very briefly the farm laws whenever passed would give full reign to Adani abd Ambani . The farmer would be at their mercy . 
Ha, ye sahi hain. Jab farm laws hain to protest kiya ja raha hain hatane k liye. Ab hatane ka procedure shuru hua hain to protest kar rahe hain repeal k against. Arre bhai chahte kya ho ?
You purposely didnt control the situation. We also have videos of police taking selfie with the farmers at red fort. And sitting on the side instead of stopping.  There was no violence until that point. So what happened. Obviously it was preplanned. The way barricades are installed at Delhi borders, I wish you had installed at the borders where China built a village inside INDIA.
Heartfelt to see this I'm confidently believed that our visionary leader who are willing to do exceptional work and his services beyond his limits for this nation will find new way for farmers welfare because he has no grudges towards farmers. True leader
More power to the farmers, SW family, and Samdish and Parth.
Farmers are the feeders of a nation. Any nation. Theyre the ones whom people like us rely on for our food. If you dont keep your farmers happy, if you do not incentivise the agricultural sector, how do you expect to grow as a nation?
Farmer : This bill is not correct 
Had to come back here after finally winning our cause. Farmers can all go back to their families after months and months of hardships.
1. The GOI and many Intellectuals like SG made a wrong assumption that farmers are ANPADH-GAWAR. Most of the ANPADH-GAWAR farmers referred to by SG had full support of their highly educated children. The fact that people who have no knowledge of farming practices as well as the farming community are the die-hard supporters of the so-called farm reforms only lead to a delayed rollback of the not so reformist laws.
Hats off to all our farmers who protest for us from 8 months
After election modi 420 will say......
Is it a farmer laws or border issue ?
17:29 Most important point about election in India. 
The farmers are the backbone of this country ,not the politicians? The farmers need to stay United and teach this government what Governance is??
Please understand the situation in deep.. Govt is responsible for all about this.. Farmers were protesting from last 6months with very peaceful movement ..Farmers  not want any protest.. They want only their rights that govt want to taken from them through these 3 ordinance bills.. All land of farmers  is given to cooperate houses after which...the food which u buy from market in Rs. 10... That will become of Rs. 500....understand the situation in deep. 
"Several farmers had been protesting against these laws for a long time"
Sirf 2/3 state me he farming hoti he pure india me 
9. We need transformation of a farmer into a businessman in order to not only make him self-sufficient but also an investor in the future of our country's overall economic growth.
no flat checking and no understanding of the issue. Delhi police comes under centre and not under AAP. 2ndly there is a very visible involvement of Khalistan in these protests. very much visible from the funding, backed by Khalistan supported protests in the UK, USA. if you  still have any doubt then do your research.
Msp does not promote improvement in the production process. What it does is it creates a fake sense of security on the price which can be obtained. Farmers have to think like businessmen calculating their costs, potential revenue and then profits. So they should be provided information on the the market rates as per demand and supply and become more competitive i.e try and reduce the input costs, increase the yield using latest technologies such as drip irrigation . Farmers should do multi cropping, crop rotation to maintain the quality of the soil and increase the per acre yield and promote sustainable farms.
2022  up election  2024        modi                
they haven't removed the national flag .... godi media .  
Shame on you..you are trying to defame farmers only....You are trying to create fear among masses through your cheap anchoring
Note: dont reply me with kashmir India ka hai. Everyone knows kashmir is not India's and Pakistan's part
We support in farmer movement..!!
Congress in Punjab. Farmers of Punjab. What?
Good work Scoopwhoop! One suggestion though, add subtitles when you or the farmers speak in punjabi. Adding them will just spread the message further.
Modern India under Modi and shah ..the two gujarati..playing wid the life of rest of India..Sad moment for farmers and indians!!
i proud to be a farmer
These BILLs r long awaited in Farming community but some changes r needed. These bills r not going to bridge heaven and hell. AGRICULTURE needs a lot more refoms to address issues like low mechanisation,lack of formal credit, insurance facilities and so on. 3bills just provide enabling provisions for future.
You have missed so many points & it was evident when you said farmers have no problem in the 3rd law 
We stand with farmers 
Looks good on paper but we have to wait and see how much will it benefit farmers. Whether corporates transfer the benefit to farmers or will exploit them is test of the time. 
We  stand  with  farmers..
Farmers nahin unhe sirf wheat belt farmers boliye. Woh saare farmers ke representative bhi nahin hain. Asli farmers baaki states ke apne farms par kaam kar rahe hain. In time pass no work waalo ko publicity mat dijiye
Sir at one place you are saying that many farmer have insufficient resources to even transport their produce to mandi(s) and later in video u say they can sell it anywhere even in different states (ur example of farmer of Himachal selling in  Maharashtra ) 
Fatal law passed by Modi .ALLAH  help all these farmers. Indian Govt's conspiracy against poor farmers.
Rajasthan and Punjab state govt brought separate bills in assembly against this central govt farmer bills and not to implement Central govt law. Then why this protest from Punjab specially?
BILL 3: Hoarding will result in controlling of prices, suppose there's a bumper crop production, due to the high level supply the price of the crop will reduce so the corporates who have huge facilities of storing these foods will hoard it, now when the supply is less and prices go up these companies won't buy due to obvious reasons, as it is costly for them thus the farmer will be facing difficulty in both situations. If there's a rule for msp for all the players in the market then I think it will reduce the uncertainty.
Shame BJP Shame Modi
So that farmers shall always be able to sell in mandi at MSP prices.. we should work in this direction
We stand with farmers
Farmers: *Driving tractors like a boss
Farmers association should invest in big data analytics to predict the demand / prices to cultivate crop 
Just one thing.."if farmers are in danger..the country is in danger"
If farmers can develop coop society and own sales channels and consumers start buying from farmers....It can be helpful
I kinda support the farmers
from seller and buyer each 8.5% . These new 2020 farm laws allows farmers to sell 
Tomorrow all small farmers would do andolan for bringing this kanoon back
Punjab and Haryana want the monoply to continue so they can keep getting the money whilst the rest of the farmers die.
Farmer winning
farmers should consider amendments .... passing new farm laws will be a hectic process , re appealing  of laws will harm govt image ... surely agriculture sector need reforms let it start this way . Any problem in future will sharply affect the govt chances to win ....
Support your family and suport with your parents and support farmers and support soldiers and support teacher these must be done in your life before you die and also respect them and be a good one then you will get good place in heaven good luck everyone 
It's a peaceful protest, Mr. Justin Trudeau people of HK need your support & voice more than Indian Farmers.... Act mature.
From beginning Farmers demands to take back those laws. Because modi government pass those with ORDINANCE (to skip discussion). There are so many other reason.
Shame.  Its a protest by one without whom we cannot survive - Our great poor farmers
In Hyderabad, there are huge rallies of amit shah and yogi Aditya nath but corona here...but guidelines only for farmers. Worst govt ever in the history of India.
Any news about government withdrawing the criminal cases against farmer,secondly the rude behaviour of the Delhi police any action will be taken by the government
So many People lost their lives in this historic protest. Kindly keep their souls in your prayers.  Justice delayed is Justice Denied !. If this was done long back when our farmers braved police men, braved extreme weather conditions, and political pressures, this would have got some meaning. Not when elections are around the corner and project as nothing has happened at all
this is not defeat of Modi . long term farmers will realise their mistake.
Now atleast don't do Loan waivers because unlike us middle class of Cities these farmers have lands and we are paying for their loan waivers. And if they want they can come anytime in cities to do work but we can't do vice versa!
Pehle farmers  maro jab vote ayega bill bapas lelo.matlab up election 
I'm also a farmer of 6 hectare(15 acre).Agriculture icor is increasing day by day since 2012.  But price of crops increased  is less in comparision of  increase in cost of  urea,pesticides,diesal,labour.
Judiciary taking refrence of "it was all over (Godi)media" shows what a leash bitch of Goverment they have actually become. The Apex Court needs to be reminded that they exist for protecting rights of Citizens(including right to protest & detest laws) not Governments.
There are only 1500 farming villages in Punjab. 
Rip farmers
Unfortunately, Abhijit Iyer is highly delusional when he is saying one little pathetic state election. I would suggest Abhijit to choose his adjectives wisely. Uttar Pradesh has 80 seats in Lok Sabha as of now and if 73-76 seats are won by BJP in 2022 for next Lok Sabha election then BJP already has 25%-26% seats to come in majority. Uttar Pradesh is the game changer when it comes to election and not just any little pathetic state as you perceive Mr Intellectual Abhijit Iyer.
Have you been following Indias massive farmer movement and do you think it will be successful?
Now opposition playing the ego toolkit..shame on all these ..our beloved Nationalist PM Modi don't have anything than Nation Intrest..we support our savior PM Modi.
People must become alert. Let us make our PM strong because he thinks about the nation. These so called farmers are ungrateful people, even after giving farmers so many subsidy and getting compensate during natural disaster shows they are not thinking about the nation. Anytime such benefits are not given to business and common man who has taken any kind of loan
Any comments on peaceful demonstration on 26 th Jan by peaceful farmers @Dhruv Rathee? Or is it still a BJP government's conspiracy according to you?
Now it's proven that he is supporter of BJP modi ji no words about 700 hundred farmers died arnab gowswami please don't make butter to modi ji I love but now against you no sorry from government making so many murders in their arrogance
We Stand with farmer 
Election jeet na bhi hai issi liye repeal kiya.
Babuloooo priya  , today kee voice is less. Voice strong.  Victory for Indian  farmers . Helpless big post PM chair, delay of justice, highway cooking, riots, sleepless night. PM step back fear of  votes   graph, election results fear.  Like a school  kid annual  exam  fear
These protests are political banking. Because in few days there are elections in Punjab state. Polarizing Sikh voters.
Let us stand with our  farmer Brothers and sister
Literally crying at last lines. Feeling very sad for our peoples who are sitting so far from home in this situations. - Sorry farmers.
Mandi system alone panjab government get 5000 crore.....profit......and lakhs of farmer suicide because of it....... farmers have right to do what he want with there producer.....
#Ajit Anjum Sir hat's off to you and your team for your Tremendous dedication in journalism and for providing all real updates of farmer protest and ground report of elections. 
When India media ( modi media) is against farmers and supporting Prime minister modi 
Above terms were decided for tractor rally...All videos are proof that the violence was pre planned.
one can not go to court against anti farmers law....what a slap on face of policeman by this sikh
* Farmers should no longer solely rely on govts. Farming should be a proud #business.
Respectful communication from top (govt) to down (farmers)  is the solution as Gupta Ji rightly mentioned.. Also surprising that it took American administrations advise for Indira Gandhi govt to understand the value of MSP & Insentivising farmers. If not we would hv remained following same British Raj system.. SAD OUR GOVT. BODIES ARE SO DIVIDED FROM GROUND REALITY AND NEEDLESSLY ARROGANT AND DISRESPECTFUL TO THE WORKING CLASS.
Divide and rule are what modi has done to indians all are fighting with each other and baniyas are happily enjoying their castles 
The person who stopped that water canon as we saw that video was accused of attempt to murder and almost every farmer leader is threatened by  gov with income tax department is sending them notices
Farmers in bihar are worst hit.
We support unitiy of farmers
As a matter of fact , if majority of so called TRUE FARMERS are protesting for around 2 months , why aren't the food prices going up ? Well because they are not farmers but the middle man who rip off farmers... Shouldn't take much brain to understand this much...
Now poor farmers will become rich billionaire  because of these laws repealed.
This only happen in bjp ruled state , harrasment of kisan . We support kisan .
Salute Sundeep Chaudry on your news presentation on Newa 24 bring always bring up to date Kisan Mazdoor Aekta Zindabad
Such an excellent interview, NL team ! What a grounded, wise man is Rakesh Tikait!
The second Direct trade  - corporation are buying Barley for beer and vegetables and fruits for super markets directly from farmers based on anticipated demand they directly work with farmers to grow certain type of crop. help with seeds and technology. other countries have this model and farmers are better. Read about Global Parali @mayankgandhi04 has transformed Beend and shifted to fruits and vegetables directly being sold not through regular mandis. Real life example. Intentions can be doubted better make water right laws.
Delhi needs to be afraid of RSS BJP HINDUTVAstani Gundas like in Lakheem Pur and Haryanas Lhattar and NOT Kisan!!!!
This students don't know anything about the anti farmers facts in the farmers bills same like Rakesh Tikait and others don't know anything about the anti farmers facts in the farmers bills...
I fully support the reformative farm law. The biggest enemy of INDIA not china it's socialism and communism,  we need more free market,  look the  repealing of farm law was actually the failure of INDIAN youth, the future was ours, if we going in these same manner we will not have any improvements .
End of the day - Result is governments bills on farmers are useless and farmers are not getting benefit out of it. Thank you
this is not a farmers protest.Our farmers are not so rich ...these are political caders...
We need farmers to feed us...shame on indian government
Please support farmers 
Although I was not in favour of  imposing of income tax for farmers but  i think now time has come that becoz of  assured irrigation and MSP paricularly in Punjab, Haryana (excluding Southern Haryana) who owns more than 10 ha of land income tax slab of 10 % on farm income should be imposed and collection of that income should be used  for small farmers of these two States by giving special scheme of income generating activities.
Malicious efforts of the government. Shameless government, There is no pity in it. My heart is with the farmers now
Salute to farmers    .......atlas justice prevailed.....
Allah will help Afghanis to fight these paxtaani Talibani Terrorists ~
I'm feeling really sad for those innocent farmers who there since from 2months ..coz of few ppl whole protest will sufferpls help waheguru ji
Why do I see reports from foreign media instead of Indian media?
5 nd they are farmers not terrorist or khalistani
They are not farmers but rioters like the way Capitol Hill was targeted by some americans. Arrest them all and put behind the bar. Don't leave a single one.
Love from Pakistan Ravish Kumar
INDIA IS AND  ALWAYS WITH FARMERS.
It seems Present farmers protesters have no trust in Bhartiya Kisan Sangh.
Wow what a great explanation! I see how these bills are so so bad for our farmers. Thank You for opening my eyes.
I m stand with farmer
In my experience, farmers and villagers are widely influenced by politics and they are always interested to be a part of the political party. This is what I have seen throughout Maharashtra
These are much needed bills, but only on the pretext that enough infrastructure is created. Indian agriculture didn't improve any further after these MSP are introduced. Why didn't we join RCEP is because of inherent weakness in our markets where govt. is the primary force. But with this system it is not going to develop any further. Same was the issue when 1991 LPG reforms were taken up. But we have seen its impact. Though there are structural weaknesses in our economy these needs to be corrected to benefit fully. Only farmers from 2 states can't decide the future for rest of the country.
Modiji  affraid  of  UP  Election
First of all the administration should have taken some action before the republic day... Because they must know that something will come of course...On this day... Because The farmers were already given the warning...That they would  extract the  tractor march....
Farmer leaders failed coz they took the full responsibility and digested their own words that was excepted during the meeting with delhi commissioner. 
If farmers stop producing for just one year...... every one will understand.
Congratulations to farmers....
Wow good batting by police helmet also nice BUT remember police we are n u alive bcoz of Farmer producing Food, vegetables. From 2day u don't buy any food only have salary.
THEY ARE PAID COOLIES NOT FARMERS MAINTENNED BY OPPOSITION
I stand with farmers....The minister son should be arrested
So, in short it is good for farmers .
I think that this bill should be implemented but the loopholes of this bill should be resolved by government coz I think that these all problems were started because the farmers were not educated enough to handle these big things.
I wish BJP loses in the elections. I so do!
Best of luck all farmers for your future.. 
Ma'am you're so intelligent. I think you can convience the farmers .Im impressed
We strongly support our farmers 
It's saving punjab from drugs is more important than farm laws .repealed farm laws can be dealt with or compensated  indirectly to the poor farmers
Most highways around Delhi are blocked in some way or the other, yesterday while coming back from Jaipur we suffered unnecessarily due to farmer blockade of flyover, to be honest I cursed and cussed them. Causing others to suffer for ur rights is no way to protest against a law. If I had a lathi I wud have beaten them myself.
I also feel it is wrong on the protesting farmers part to ask the government to remove this law completely through out the nation.
This channel is of tukde tukde gang. Why call this duplicate farmer. If he gets 10 crores also he will say budget is bad. Don't call this anti india people. Only negative. How has earned his empire.
This government of course has a brute majority in parliament.  But on the whole quiet a lot of people genuinely think, many of the top governmental functionaries lack the much needed sophistication and grace. The people are also a lot frustrated with constitutional organs like the judiciary who are often perceived as siding with the ruling party rightly or wrongly.  What the government should understand is that the negative politics being bombarded on the Indian polity by the BJP today has a limit and there should be proper governance transcending the mediums of caste and creed. The rulers in a democracy must be humble and going roughshod over farmers who feed the country is not good politics.
I support the farmers. 200%.
I know it's very hard to farm like in this time but you are throwing india flag like this shame on you punjabi
Now the real farmers outside punjab should protest to bring the laws
A favlous beauty of 2020. It's new strain of farmers.Unity is straingth. 
Feku babA ab to Maan ja u kisan bill is for corporate not for farmers
Sir every  farmer should knowledge
Indian farmers' power
Super chenal only  ndtv India  100 % right  baki sab god lye hove he sarkar ke
These farmers are doing this protest not only for thier childrens future but also our childrens future i pray for them from the bottom of my heart that we get succeed!!!!!
It's taliban who is seeking india's help, taliban wanted to meet indian high commission in qatar and asked to continue trade and good relations with indiafor those who saying India meet taliban, its not that, Taliban meet india is the right fact
Just  for U.P election repealing 
I agree with everything in this video but they should think that different states has different rates for the crop and lets assume there are two states ( state 1 ) and ( state 2 ) and in state 1 the rate of everything is lowest from every other state and the farmers produced the crop in low price and in state2 the rate of everything is the highest and the framer produced the crop in high price what if the farmers from state1 go to state2 and sell they in high rates so what will the farmer of the state2 do because he has produced the crop but he can't sell because the crop has already been sold by other farmers does he will go to the lower state and sell there and will go in loss ( the answer is no )  if government really want to help farmers why don't they just the solve the problem state wise because every state is not same or the government want to give profit to the farmers of the one state and loss to the other (fact = Punjab and Haryana has the highest rate for the crops )
Proud of you..punjab haryana zindabad.. so emotional  vedio
This drama in the name of farmers protest needs to be stopped. It clearly seems propaganda driven protest.
Farmers very much benefitted by this bill ,New era is  to be seen in the field of agriculture sector.
All  citizens of all the fields should support Kisans
I am not sure about your mindset, as it seems to oppose the Govt for anything without constructive idea...I suggest rather sticking to MSP or to repeal all 3 laws, it would have been better to force the Govt to make the necessary changes in the existing laws for the welfare of farmers...yeh laws ko wapas karwane se political people ka & yeh you tube channels walon ka hi benefit hua hai...actual kisaan ka only loss hi ho raha...yeh 'Deshbhakt' wale bhi chutiya hi kaat rahe...better hota ki suggest karte to force the Govt to have the required laws for the welfare of farmers...aise to again 0 par hi aa gaye...koi improvement nahin...MSP is not a long term solution plus aise protest karke kisi bhi law ko wapas karwane ka tareeka will be dangerous in future...lekin ch*tiyon ko samajhta nahin...only politics chamkani aur paisa bana rahe apna, gareeb kisaan ke naam par...gareeb kisaan aaj bhi pareshan hai...
This time Godi media and Godi Sarkar going to abolish his own Laws 
Farmers are not asking for khalistan. They're trying to save the country from Adanistan and Ambanistan
I dont agree with the decision, but we have no other alternative. Modiji is only our hope!
I guarantee 10 years from now that is in 2030 this person shekar Gupta would say APMC was better than current system of  big  wholesalers like my company Reliance,  Walmart,Amazon  who are exploiting farmers thereby riching themself.
much strenght to every farmer in india, wishing safety and success to all of you 
Zee news ... Bjp news. We understand your problem... U guys doing wrong coverage because of the pressure of bjp
Modi Shah BJP government has been financed by Adani Ambani corporates hou
This scene really broke my heart...very shameful act done by bjp gundas...Never ever in history of India such brutality was done by any govt on farmers....total anarchy
Farmers to Police:Unoreverse Card
Lallantop is also the part of godi media . How can they told BJP goons as locals without investigation.
This was a tactical retreat after some of the intended changes have been realised. 1. Direct payments to farmers. 2. More Mandis. 3. Sell to whom you want to. 
I am more worried about Tikait.. career shuru hi hua tha.. why modi why.. 
Today nation Mourns for Millions and Millions of Farmers for other states that were waiting for implementation of these reforms.  It's Punjab and Haryana farmers terrorized others to Control whole mandi, Monopoly and Exploitation of other state farmers.
Ravish Kumar Ji a beautiful   human being!! Guarding India  through true journalism    I thank you from the kisaan Majdoor EKTA unions of India 
We support Sikh farmers
Thanks to news 24 for coverage Farmer protest
Its not a farmers protest
Corporate legal team -under farm bill there is one option of model contract agreement which govt may issue for farmers so that no one can manipulate farmers with their complex clauses in their contract and govt now considering this seriously
Watch khan sir video on farm bills . It shows the practical scenario
We the people of india pray to god that taliban takover all pakistan as soon as possible. Tod lo apni bhi janjire
de aa. I wish our Sikh brother/sisters and esp. the farmers remain safe in India, coz India himself cannot afford another Operation Blue Star otherwise the results will be totally diverse this time.
 Khalistanis in the disguise of farmers is not farmer agitation.
We are stand with farmer
Already farmers are doing suicide cause of no coming profite out from their land .. and this  new  farm bill is going to do more damage  and the suicide rate is also going to rise up... it definitely should be change
I am a farmer ,very well explained sir
Farmers with weapons they should be jailed
3. I do agree that there will be an increased intervention by private players in the farm produce sector however at every point the farmer is the decision making authority wether they wanna deal at APMC mandis or Direct to buyer and wether they wanna get into a finite contract with a private buyer or they wish to sell their produce as they have been doing all this while. 
We are farmers not terrorist
As a young citizen of india it's laws like these that scare me about where my country's gonna end up in a few years...And the fact that these have become "acts"...I really hope justice can be served i don't know  bout y'all but as an indian when i eat i can't help but have a sense of guilt to know that someone who worked hard and gave me this food is being mistreated...We know a country's not doing that good when their own farmers are being mistreated... Where are the basic morals and values we we're taught as kids to respect farmers and support them have gone? Remember no matter how huge you  are, No matter how much money or power you hold always be thankful and support farmers...!!!!! The fact that American celebrities and the media outside is speaking about this makes me happy because as an indian i have to shamefully agree that in my very own country there are people who support this act....AND TO THE PEOPLE WHO ARE AGAINST THIS JUST REMEMBER Y'ALL ARE COWARDS WITH POWER...Y'ALL HOLD POWER RIGHT NOW BUT AT THE END JUSTICE WILL BE SERVED ....Y'ALL ARE ABSOLUTELY SHAMELESS AND DON'T HOLD A  SENSE OF GUILT.....REMEMBER NO MATTER WHAT WE'LL PROTEST WITH PEACE AND WE WILL WIN.....THE TRUTH AIRWAYS WINS...
We the people of India never feel better towards EVM Scammer rulers  repeal of farmers law, it's like crazy crocodile tears and double faced Snakes playing role, suppose if research from ground survey speaks nearly 10 crores farmers signed Contract Farming papers, intellectual estimate, evaluate realize later FUTURE facts TRUE PREDICTION be recorded this comment, in other words Modi RSS won the match surgical strike dramatic footage,
Sir seeing you.. we can 100% say that tomorrow India is in the safe hands. Jai Hind Jai Bharat Jai Kisan.
I have done my LLB in Germany. You explained everything very well but there are farmers who keep protesting in Germany because there is no MSP. Farmers are being pressurized by private sector as there is no MSP. Farmers are getting the lowest rate. There should be a MSP on every product
This move will once again encourage minority  to go against feature NRC law, one nation one law for all community. This move will harm image of Modi in Upcoming UP election. After death of around 600 small farmers if u back step nothing will help u out.
How cruel this bjp modi ji party ..hurted sikhs allotted
Okay where are all the pro farmer protest after 26th jan violence. Heres your right to peaceful and non violent protest. The so called farmers and that too Indian farmers had removed national flag from Red Fort.
rather than farmers
no humanity , shame on bjp and their supporters .
Tikait .... a farmer ..... i wanna start a doctor agitation. 
Farmers always keep their sign as a l King of lions.
We love our farmers 
Cricket stadiums are being hired to contain farmers. 
Farmers sat in the colds for more than 70 days and government is still not ready to do the settlements and then what is the point of calling 'jai jawan jai kisan' in our slogans are they really important to us,indirectly government is also the reason for violence happened at the red fort,and yes violence in any form is unacceptable
Actually after watching this it seems Modi hi let it happen so they can destroy farmers protest....hope so
I think the only option left is bringing all political parties together atleast the one's who were in NDA and of course the opposition parties because that will clear out the doubt of a large section of the farmers on government intention. They need to start it again and go deep into the matter of laws and also please restrict these news channels...plzz
Good explanation law is good for farmer's and people of India except middleman .
Sir, you are absolutly right. BJP was acting as Congress and presently Modi is working as Neharu.
If the current system is so good ,why the farmers suiside in MH, UP, Bihar and we hear no to less cases in green revolutions area like punjab?? The laws could have been better for other farmers, but nothing can be reformed in this country...black friday for indian agriculture sector..
Poor farmers in fear of adjustment to new laws and rich dalals gundagardi 
Even I support farmers I belong to farmers family,but whole world is polarised and everyone shows what suits thr ideology. Truth is now just a version of individual.
Most of states does have majority of 'micro farming land' holding so they mostly produce for self consumption. Punjab and Haryana (originally which is part of Punjab) does have majority of 'small farming land' holdings so we grow a part for self consumption and major part for rest of the country.
Wish government would explain this to farmers !! Nicely articulated, summarised. Historic references and whole stitching together was truly cutting the clutter !!
While i have utmost respect for everyones perspective and also understand completely the fear that Farmers have of being absolutely buldozed by private sector if things do not work the way govt has anticipated. As a response  they do not wish to accept these changes and its their right not to.. however what i do not understand is oversimplification and having a myopic view. 
Isn't thei even a single educated farmer? Farmers will suffer asusual
Sir, you started with the farm laws and your discussion quickly degenerated towards CAA. We understand very clearly what's happening. All this "Aandolan" is not going to stop at the Farm Laws. Farmers in a far - far larger part of India was supportive of these laws. Let's see if our PM wants to keep on repealing good laws like this and still hope to win the next election.
The condition may not improve unless the Govt sets a limit of cost+ margin percentage bot he consumer and the farmer will be looted.
Violence was perpetrated by ruling bjp Moddis government and they conspired to blame it on protesting farmers. Fortunately enough they got caught in their conspiracy. I too fully support the Indian farmers
Election season can do wonders for Indians but seems with not honest intent.
The problems that the farmers are facing wont be limited to the farmers alone, they will next show up in the general society as well. The current government has succeeded in placing the future of the next generation of children of this country into deep slavery by promoting endless privatization, transferring wealth to the riches, performing changes in rules that were protecting the democracy so far. 
Govt should engage Shekhar Gupta, Dr. Gulati, and known farmer leaders like Sharad Pawar and Shivraj Singh Chauhan to negotiate with farmers. Modi Govt clearly needs help here and they should hesitate from asking for it.
In which world do these Right wing leaning economist live? About 85%  of Indian farmers are small and marginal. How can they even survive without state support in the form of MSP, subsidy, research and extension, marketing infrastructure, irrigation et al.
You support Farmer not bro..
Farmers win
Indian farmers should be always slaves for Mandi & Brokers.  You can go to any town market and see who owning and controlled the farm market. I think most of the people wont noticed.
You are just a fool....it is not compulsory....moreover farmers may opt for going and selling outside of Mandi...get good prices...
more options are good. please don't fool people . If farmers like to use APMC, let them use. Let them not stuck with APMC only.
SHREE YOGIJI IS BEST CM OF BHARAT. 
Actual headline for this video should be " FARMERS ATTACKED FOR PROTESTING BY POLICE AND GOVT"
i support farmer , Always kejriwal party right
Thank you farmers for everything
Just go all out against these fake farmers, who are supposed to work in their fields, not patrol highways!
Abhi and Niyu, I felt this video put up half facts which resulted one side weighing heavier than the other. Video started with some facts about how many police personnel were injured, how many barracks were destroyed. Then, video also shows how police is being attacked by farmers, it showed a sikh man with kirpan was attacking police. But where are the videos of of police attacking the protesters (which included the people who participated in the rally and also the ones who were watching it from the side), where are the videos of police not doing anything when they saw protestors reaching the red fort (it takes more than 30mins to get to the Red Fort from the designated route, which was enough time for the police to take action and stop them)? Where is the fact that there were barracks in the route which was agreed upon and no barracks blocking the way to the Red Fort? Why police didn't do laathi charge on the people when they were going go the Red Fort and instead they did it on those who were going on the route which was given by the Delhi police. Even if you'll say that it was mentioned or showed in the video, emphasis was not given on them as compared to the other side. More research and content was needed.
Not done for the love of farmer, but rather with UP elections in mind. Sad so many farmers had to pay with their lives.
Wait a minute the protest is for farmers and the bill is passed for every state of india but bro only farmers of 2 states are being infront and funny thing Mohit Sharma told iss baar up me inki sarkar nahi aane denge bro 75%seats aa gyi modi ki 
FARMERS WILL PRODUCE WHAT IS IN DEMAND NOT LIKE TRADITIONAL RICE OR WHEAT ONLY
Now government make a law all farmer sold his crops only adnai group or Ambani they cheat with farmer bucz they buy farmer crops on half rate and sale in market 5 time that is truth
Farmers unite religion for survival 
Congratulations! To All Farmers...
There are lots of informative videos wich gives you entire information about kishan protest why are you seeking for Indian news if you are all well known what is Indian news and media. like Unaccademy videos for burning topics
Farmers 
Major loss for small farmers and INDIA , disappointed 
StAnd with farmers
This bill removing the middle man who earn profit without working in a field. This bill help the farmers to earn more income through production
True farmers have been working on their fields. No impact on them. Paid protesters, perpetrators, foreign hands are confused. The entire opposition is in a fix as to what to politicise for future. So no wonder that Priyanka tries to rake up new issue.
I wish this gets more views than those pretend-to-know-it-all celebs who are pro/anti farmers bill on twitter/SM. Amazing video, can finally make sense of this situation. Still hard to say if this will prove beneficial/detrimental to our farmers.
Is desh ke kisan fir se 15-20 sal piche chale gye in bills ke implementation nahi hone se. Agriculture me reforms nhi hue isliy farmers ki income itni kam h or wo vulnerable h.
Farmers were like: "This works in The Netherlands." 
This officers orating hindi welll... Seems Manu wadi... Kids and par of godi sarkaar
If farmers dont want those bill then Modi have to listen. If these bills are for their benefit then absolutely it is their right to choose or refuse those bills and they refuse. Don't forget You are just because of public and I think you are fit on tea stall rather than the chair of PM.
Poor Farmers will be taken care of by Modi through a different vehicle. The key was to diffuse the real threat of unrest that was being manufactured through drugged Punjabi youth and Khalistan and Pakistan. This is a wise decision of Modi. Now opposition has no election agenda as well
We support this Bill if one state not get advantage from it doesn't means to let other poor farmers also suffer 
I am now doubting your knowledge on other issues. There is No market fees is applicable on farmers. Can u specify the section/law?
Beginning of the end of BJP. This is going to be the graveyard of BJP and Modi
First understand farmer  bill proposed by the government.
Farmers should file complaint
Stop calling them farmers
Good effort PM, you tried to help the small farmers but the ultra rich middle men hijacked the reforms.... India doesn't deserve change I guess.
whole world is watching farmers protest . Good work !! finally a new channel where we can see some real news updates
I stand with farmers
80 % of  farmers who were small and non-violent were defeated, and remaining 20% of rich and rogue farmers have won. VERY UNFORTUNATE  .
Hum odisha ki kisan we need this law to increase  our incomee  please dont opposee
What a beautiful story !! Is this the same india ? Our Nation is changing  God bless our kisan 
I used to support Modi Government. However in last few month the Modi government has not done a marvel of a job. I am sure people will hold them accountable for their failure in seeing the future. What seems to be a trend of Modi government is taking a decision to resolve issues on a short term basis. They lack long term view and the issue that may come up.
Shame on bjp govt. Modi think of the people, don't be stupid like
It is a shame for the US which is claiming to be a super power and most advanced army in the world, while even after 20 years of fighting against the tribal and non-professional terrorist group Taliban, the Taliban still remains and USA in the battlefield has been defeated.
Disrespect to Tricolor is disrespect to whole India. " Khalistan Murdabad "  No religious flag can't take place of . We will do everything for its respect and dignity.
IMHO farmers shouldn't forget what the BJP did, and they shouldn't give B*P a single vote at any cost. And the repeals of farmer bills isn't the grace of Mo*i, it's the result of the struggle of the honorable farmers.
#StandWithFarmers
The problem was with the farmers of Punjab, Haryana and a small part UP .. other states are looser. According to me more than 90% of the farmers are looser...It's merely a temporary victory for so called intellectuals, farmers and opposition also. In long run after six months or 90% farmers will demand for reintroduction of farm laws and at that time all this bunch will not be seen. Only 2.25 states big farmers,  brokers, politicians are  not India and they can not dictate terms for whole India. Certainly decision is anti farmers.
There are competition among students, sports people, small business people, big business people, rural to urban Etc. but why only north few states farmers staging protests. Central govt is majorly North Hindi party so Why soo Gaga about Reforms ? Farmers should welcome competition rather doing Politics
Support farmers they are fighting for every citizen.
This decision is taken by keeping in mind upcoming elections in Punjab and UP
Support farmers for our future food at fair price
By this draconian law , we lost life of 600 farmers....Modi is such a arrogant and sadist PM in Indias history
They are hooligans not farmers,  creating anarchy on the streets. DM has full right to force  law and order. 
Some one trying to play foul to put farmers in bad light. There were barricades all over the place, except on the way to Red Fort.  Deep Sidhu responsible for this. Farmers  and farmer leaders don't support this act. Majority of Sikhs saying this is wrong, Sikh flag has its own place and definitely this was not the right place and time. Strict action should be taken against miscreants
March: "UP farmers dont have anything to do with protests as we do not get msp".
Tikait ,who him self  hails from UP , has sacrifice/ totally ignored  the interests of poor and landless farm labourers of UP , Bihar etc who come to Punjab etc and take agricultural field on lease /Theka from absentee including NRI land owners   Details of these landless tillers are not mentioned in the Revenue records / Girdawars  . Patwaris are bribed to state the names of absentee land owners including NRI s  as Khud Kasht - i.e. Actual tillers The migrant landless tillers  remain faceless , nameless and .helpless. .
Well Said but why Indian media Weeping as Afghanistan is in its Neighborhood
No, govt took wrong decision to repeal Farm Laws, but this was very much req in current scanrio of Internal Security threat and they don't want to loose UP election, Bcz only Punjab is going to be backward in coming years if Our Punjabi's repeat same things again. Rolling back will hurt Farmers not immediately but in long run.. they must think about it.
4:06 godi media shows its true face. Even if Ajay mishra did not "send" anyone to crush farmers, the fact is either his son ashish mishra, or the son's friend ankit das have killed the farmers. If Ajay mishra sent these ppl to kill farmers, it will be more serious for him. Remember Ajay Mishra openly threatened farmers few days before this incident.
This farm bill is a disaster instead of asking for the farm bill other state farmers should ask for msp market like punjab and haryana. Implementing the farm bill is like digging ur own grave for the multi-billion dollar corporate companies..
Good. Hope all concerned parties drop their ego in favour of the bottom farmer and end user (consumer). 
When you talked about export of onions, have you checked what price were the onions procured for. Export or domestic sales does not matter when it comes to procurement price. Problem the farmers have is that the procurement prices (MSP) are not fixed for 100% of the produce, unlike every other product which have benchmark rates, say milk, egg, petrol, grocery tv, car, etc
Salute all indian farmers..Shame of police &Politicians.. Police not for people..they are for politicians
He is man of guts.. we are with u modi ji..Indians will never question ur honesty towards nation.. Still i request u .pls do something for improvement of farmers 
Stop blaming the officers first the politicians must change there VIEW on Farmers.. these officers act according to directions of the polticaial boss
Pure opportunism is evident, the BJP saw the writing on the wall, it is a great time to dump this BJP party in the scrap heap of history. Finally india has started course correction; the other controversial laws in last 7-8 years have to be reworked and brought in for common good and prosperity of Indians and India.
Har ek andheri raat ki ek sunhari subah bhi hai, we should stand with our beloved farmers.
#westandwithfarmers
My sympathy with the BJP innocent workers and ministers and his brother and  son who killed  kisaans and still alive,,,,, also my sympathy with those kisaans who got murdered by these people,,, it should not be done,,,, culprit should be punished hard,,, there is no space for violence in democracy,,,
He also says "...now if that same wheat or rice was bought by private traders, maybe at a higher price..."  Now, isn't that a very ideal situation. Which corporate works for benefits other than their own? How here is the farmer benefitted? It's not a rhetorical question, I am actually trying to understand this "good" law.
Farmers have been protesting in the cold for 30 to 40 days in the freezing climate. Obviously the agitation will increase when nothing is done by government to amend the Bill's. Have some empathy comon
May be TARIK FATEH is an isi agent.  I mean you never know hmari isi kahi bhi pohunch jati he Allhamdullillah or Indian media always bewaqoof hi bnta he like now 
Why you not talking about a provision in farmers bill providing contractor to take loan on farmers land
Anyone of them in this session do not have any proof or experience in their resume how to govern. Modi has it and it has shown in Gujarat. I am also not happy by Modi government for taking back kisan bill . What kind of options we have? Set congress back or what?
Very well research priya mam Why don't you be middleman to negotiate between govt and farmers
Now they withdrawal this, Plz anyone from farmer family tell does this bill good or bad for u?
Very good question raised by  Mr.Tikait ji about PM sir , during on election  time  strictly supereme court should  prevent to present   Prieminester  of India for his party election  rally for publicity  not allowed to him  ,Its law bill  should come  to the  parliament in future and should debate in  india also for public meeting through local news / national news TV as well as public media And newspaper and then  to be take  approval  from President of India  , it  law should be strongly   apply for everyone   political party of India in future   .i am agreed with Mr.Tikait ji question. And hindi 
Only modiji,Jay hind 
@Print.com why can't poor farmers of Bihar or UP grow the needed crops instead of farmers of Punjab or Haryana who are quite experienced in cultivation of wheat ?
             But end of the day its a big loss for small farmers and this whole thing was just a political game, bcoz the same bill was opposed by the BJP too, when the Cong tried to pass it in the parliament. So i think it was just a tit-for-tat thing from opposition and job saving technique from the rich and powerful middlemen's....
While I have great respect for the farmers, I have a few questions for them. Currently, farmers are a completely pampered lot, who pretty much get everything free of cost. Electricity - free. Water - free. Loans - at no interest and waivers in case of poor output. Income tax - waived. On top of all this, they want minimum price guarantee. So, my questions are as follows:
* there is a steady decline in agricultural production as depicted @3:45 during the times when the archaic farm bill existed
With the Technology and New ACTs Actually farmers can be Price makers with online Platform for Farmers to sell their products. 
I support the Farmers thank you BBC
Modi govt doesn't seem farmers friendly..After passing the farmer amendment bill
3:51 yeah he is telling right in indian army 75% of officers are from Punjab and Haryana they are asking fro there right and soo celled government selected pm modi he have to take these 3 bills return have to 
We support farmers from our hearts.
How can u kill farmers, they grow food for all. Without food u cant eat electricity man
the ultimate  it is because of election in up &Punjab. sir please  make at least  one video  in Mount. thanks for your convenience and support
BHARAT MATA KI JAI.. GOD SAVE INDIA.. INDIAN JANTA KA JAAN KA KIMAT OR AUKAAT YE HAI.. KISI BHI PARTY KO VOTE DO.. POWER TO UNHI KO MILEGA.. AND AFTER ELECTION.. TMHARA AUKAT ALU K PURANE BORE JAISA HOGA..KHALI*
I beg to differ. Thats your opinion. I am with Modiji. We are lucky to have him as a leader. The problem is that there are no farmers participating in this agitation. It is unfortunate that guys like you are taking such a stand or position.
Who did say modi government lost farm laws battle?
1. If FCI is carrying grain worth 1.8 lakh crores and not able to sell, how is the farmer expected to sell this to corporates?
Excellent  it's solutions of our farmers
I think this bills are correct... because when Congress party shows the thease hopes in there list..but present they are opposed..what is this opposite party is always opposed the Central party...they don't think thise bills are use full or not....they don't give chance to farmers to upgrade....
If farmer are getting more customers he will be able to sell and get appropriate price. Are oppositions parties   are working for or against the farmer?
Singh is King  love farmers
Bakwas drama, all for just your survival. Go support farm laws if you want upliftment of farmers.
Do you understand that the share of farming in GDP also decreased due to increased industrialization in India. Indian GDP grew a lot since 1990 but the farming income didnt grow at the same high rate, reducing the share of farming. It doesnt directly mean that the farming income reduced!!
Cannot understand that why DNA has in almost each and episode have tried its best to promote BJP. There is probably no episode aired where directly or indirectly Zee media tried its best to promote interest of single party. Let media be too an extent be neutral and cannot be extremely bias to single party.
AAM JANTA KE DILO ME RAKESH TIKAIT NE ASALI KISANO KE PRATI  NAFRAT   PAIDA KAR DI HAI.
Though we were far away from Delhi...we were watching Problems of Farmers everyday and worried about them who were struggling for their Rights... At last Farmers  got Victory....Now they are living example of Courage and patience....
Good video but does not explain everything. Abhi create one more follow up video with 3 parts with each part focusing on 3 issues on the bill. To understand the farm bill you need to understated the history of Indian agriculture for last 30 to 40 years. Most people putting comments were not even born then. P. Saianth  was invited by Supreme court  to be part of expert panel to resolve this issue. He declined the supreme court saying he would not want to be a "party to death" by any panel formed to resolve the crisis. He did that as he knows that the panel being formed wont do anything for farmers. It will be just like any other panels that have been formed before. If Supreme court invited him, he is qualified to speak on the issue. I suggest that you listen to him as he knows the history of Indian agriculture better than most of people.
This is a democracy and a welfare state. Govt. should consider the farmer's demands. No big farmers will sacrifice their life for agitations. The big industries are also taking subsidised electricity, water, land, tax exemptions etc. Why they are given incentives. People have seen the green revolutions happen in the past which was supported by farmers.
Why didn't the government of Haryana and Punjab abolished MSP decades back like all other states? Who is to be blamed? Congress is playing dirty politics.
Such a nice thought Surinder Ji: Thank you Modi Ji for bringing two brothers together again..
Everyday farmers committing suicide sad reality please Support our Farmers 
You are simply brilliant. Please carry on exposing Godi media.
I am surprised ki baki log kaha hay kew nahi aah rahe hay support kay liye baki states se bhi...support from darjeeling and respect for farmers and sandish... my heart and soul is there with farmers thou I could not be physically there....govt.had already made us handicapped still I paid my salute to all the farmers because of whom I fell I am alive...jai kisan
Farmers need to stop burning stubble.
This andolan will finished the day if Modi Govt. loose the majority in elections
More than 700 farmers dead, tarnished image of farmers, 
Police should join with farmers, to show unity to their brother,  thank you from USA.
What's about godi Media ? Please report BBC.
Farmers is farmer they give us food army police do not give us food
Govt. Should consider or atleast listen to the farmers, covid situation during election doesn't exist and the example is hyderabad election rally ....The ruling party busy in election campaign but please take out some time for our farmers ....they are the soul of our country
That is peaceful protest by farmers and opposition
I'm a Muslim in support of India's farmers!
I am totally disappointed with Modi ji
don'w think so... this is right decesion by the government they should expose these farmers... if they were asking of something make changes in law instead of repealing them...
3.last one if farmers are suffering from middle man then why they are protesting 
I can't believe that this has become the situation of farmers under modi
#standWithFarmers
This agricultural act is very favourable to the village farmer and also urban  consumer by removal of cartel of middlemen
Kisans did not have problems with farlaw.   they had problems with the injustice with the farm law as how they brought into.  .
I am Indian and I know that government is not going to cooperate with farmers . It's a complicated protest
Hats off to students,  lawyers , teachers etc .for the support for farmer's. Almighty God bless you all.
i used to love modi's speeches and thought he would be the one who will change india , but now his speech full of lies disgusts me , i voted bjp in 2014 but not in 2019 bcz then i knew what he is.
Jinka khaate ho uni logo per lathicharge.. #wesupportfarmers
Before sometime i think Talibans are stupid but now they prove me wrong really Taliban leaders visionary Taliban need to oppose Pakistan
Modiji hindustan k PM hai or janta ko bahrose me lena PM ka farz tha.. now PM should work in the direction of developing new framework of the bills and have proper discussions
Indian democracy  failed. Stand with farmers.
Good farmers thinks
Love your Content bro. Understood Farm Bills for the First time
The Agricultural Minister could not made his home work properly before bringing the Farm laws bill and without making wide consultation brought the 3 farm bills in urgent manner during 2020 which given the opportunist opposition parties a tool for provoking the farmers and its leaders for an agitation which later the external forces and anti-national elements took advantage for creating security threat and disturbance of peace. After realising the mistake made while passing the farm laws the PM declared for repeal the said laws without make as prestige issue to convince the farmer community for farm reforms in a better way despite the govt. is enjoying clear majority in both houses which is heart touching. The agitated farmer leaders and its sponsored opposition are are very unhappy and frustrated as they failed in capitalising the this issue for their own advantage to topple the govt. is completely failed. The opposition behaviour and RS scene while moving and debating on farm Laws repeal Bill is quite evident.
Shame on tehreek-e taliban.... What the hell are you doing... Come all rise and conquer Pakistan
the farmers protesting the farm bill are not only sikhs. In Punjab and Haryana  there are Hindu farmers , Sikh farmers Muslim farmers.  in Punjab and Haryana, the farmers are not only from from jatt caste or sikhs, there are also pundits, Brahmins , and dogar farmers in Punjab.  Farmers feed the nation, big companies like Tata, Birla, Reliance, Ebany,  Adnany  . These big companies are  controlling Modi. These bills are designed to   make  each farmer compete against each other so that big companies can buy crops at lowest rate, because farmer will have no option to sell to another buyer due to logistics and resources , and  the big companies have the logistics and they  will buy at lowest cost from Farmers and  export to other countries. This  will cause  food shortage in India,because big companies will  able to export the crops to more profitable buyers in other countries and the food prices will get more expensive in india. Modi is working for the  business tycoons, and big companies. The GTS is hurting the small shops, small factories, Modi needs to be removed from his throne.
Thanks for explaining it in detail. The Duo of this actor and gangster drama is trying to defame the farmers peaceful protest.
We are almost 7 millions haryanvi living in Pakistan Punjab andd sindh provinces
It's very important to have BJP if Pakistan wants to balkanize India
What was in Modi's mind when he promised "India Superpower 2025"? 
Rakesh Tikait is criminal he was involved in muzaffarnagar riots.
No farmers No food 
Farm bills are great. Labour laws are welcoming. 
We always support our God Farmer
Also that this bill are copy paste laws of europe and usa which didnt worked out in their country so govt need to think from all perspective so that no one is harmed morally and financially
Vo police man jisne ek old age farmer par laathi uthai sharam karo
Farm Laws are withdrawn in view of Elections in UP & Punjab. We r not illiterate as u & ur followers, First Resign & undergo trial & then Compensate for the loss incurred to Farmers & their Life's & Family & to the Indians.
No-one raised a voice when things were going rough with Muslims. No-one had thought this will happen with "FARMERS" in a country with a slogan "JAI JAVAN JAI KAISAN".
Greetings to all our valuable farmers*
Small farmers may be bullied by big farmers to follow old system. Government should think on this. Pls Collate people' feedback and send to government
Black law for farmers by modi government
My heart is with my farmer brothers because I am also a farmer and I am also a Punjabi of course I am from Pakistan. But I grew up on the same soil that belongs to PUNJAB.
I totally support farmers Bandh....we get to eat every day by the hardworking of the farmers...
Also every section has to give 25% of there profit  to farmers.
Selfish Khalistani.  farmer's and farmers eat much subsidy
Stupid channel is only commenting on news instead of supporting farmers on the issue and questioning government
i thought what happened in the US - police firing water cannons and tear gas and bullets at peaceful protestors wouldn't happen in India. the CAA protests and now the farmer protests have proven me wrong.
Clearly government need to take encouragement route rather than forcing the laws and farmers also need to understand the government.
Very well explained. It's just not farmers that this bill is affecting, it will affect us/civilians with high prices.
Firstly remove dalary system then we will see not only rich farmer but Rich India.
Friends India has only two religions now -- MODI BHAGATS & DESH BHAGATS. MODI is adamant to initiate another slavery period & that will also take many of our generations to fight back. They are eyeing for conquering India for another 5 - 6 centuries.
That's the sprit there are not farmers these goons playing under farmer face  I'm a  farmer son we know value of time
But in Europe Walmart direct buys a crop from farmer without middlemen in-spite of this govt had to pay huge subsidy to farmers So that farmer can make up for the loss. Apmc act needs a strong reforms so that monopoly and exploitation could eliminate.
Parties never thought that pm modi will open old file Subramanian of farmers,give them all benefits,now cannot even repent.
Conclusion :we have to educate our farmers regarding msp and there rights. Politician should stop fooling farmer's.
Indian farmers union win cg of India
Ha ha ha this anna hazare ..What he has to say on mengayi... Unemployment ...This follow is silent all this while why???? Why had he not openly supported the farmers ????
NDTV India is one of the most truthful & trustworthy News agency and salute to honest Ravish Ji.
Good luck farmers & NDTV
Hai BHAGWAN..Save India from these media houses..
Minister convoy crushed farmers to death that's the title.
*I support the new kisan bil , because I support our farmers*
Govt can only use article 248 when these subjects are not enumerated in state or center list but the subject related to farmer is already mentioned in state list
Without the Support of Local People, Afghan forces how Taliban became so strong.
No farmers no food  no future
While farmers are coming to Delhi, Modi flied away to Hyderabad today  shameless modi
We Pakistani are supporting farmers. Love from Pakistan 
Still now Modi was telling sabka sath, sabka Vikas and sabka biswas but it appears he is with arthias/middle man sath. It is a black day for small and marginal farmers.
I got goosebumps everytime when I see my brothers, sisters,uncles and aunts at Delhi border fighting for our future am so thankful to scoop whoop for these kind of videos.  #nofarmernofood #farmerisgod
The first mistake Modi govt made with the farm laws was to introduce them vua ordinance...sab laws bhassadh pe pass nai hote, kuch kuch laws dheere dheere tactically pass krna hota hai. So, lets see how this is tackled by the govt. now
I always doubted this abhijit iyer guy on his fake intelligence today he proved it ! Sure there is definitely  lot to learn from left wing how they never give up on their people no matter how wrong or foolish they are...but we give up so easily on a leader like modi..it's really sad ! Joke is that this guy pretends to be more informative on issues concerning  national security ! IThis is exactly why India is always stuck...f you want to take a big leap u need take couple  of steps back !
Can you plz highlight the contract farming clause in these bills. As there are fears of corporate over powering farmers. For eg- quality control is farmers responsibility but right to reject the produce is corporate right.
The farm bills are very much needed.. Point is.. The farmers who don't get good price in the local mandis can sell their farm products anywhere where they get a good price.. What's wrong in this??? 
What ..B.J.P.. has to do with.this ..Farmers protest ..
Stupid Congress were they  rejecting the bill earlier ? why are they questioning now ?
I also support our farmers
Congratulations to PM Modi for this great decision, in similar confrontation situation Late Mrs Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi took different decisions especially Longowal accord which was written.PM Modi struck to his decision despite immense criticism from core followers and followed it up with electric speed.We forget the past but personally i would still remember that PM Modi respects his decision of taking back three farm laws.
 ,      48  | Farmers Protest Documentary : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2tN68Gkg5w&ab_channel=TheLallantop
India also have to take security step against Taliban
In this video Trevor's like the spokesman of Indian "farmers"! I mean just don't be one sided we wanna know the truth and not ur propaganda ok?
Misleading Godi media lapdog. This one.
Well done Modi Government and Farmers reforms 3 bills for prosperity of poor Farmers.
Why sardars are crazy I'm also farmer I'm still happy
There's a lot of drawbacks in the current form market where the middlemen gets bulk of the profit. It's very essential to weed them out and create a market where farmers can directly bargain with the buyers.
Now it is BJP govt, if any one dares to attack and kills say FIVE people, our forces will wipe out more then 50 or more if found involved in terrorists activities. 
On the other hand, if JioMart or someone reduces purchase price after a point, with the new bill arent the farmers free to find a different buyer?
Basically a Farmers version of RCEP.
With references to (wrt): Pt 4. (4) and 7. (1) Chapter 2 , 16. And 22. (Power of centre govt to make rules) of chapter 4 of THE FARMERS (EMPOWERMENT AND PROTECTION) AGREEMENT ON PRICE ASSURANCE AND FARM SERVICES ACT, 2020
Yes it's funny but not what happened but due to the farmer leaders coz all the way our agencys have alerted  that this could happen but at that time no one wants to listen. 
He is actually misleading to the ordinary Indian farmers. Tradition of dumping and throwing of own party members into the dustbin, not a new thing from their groups. reach to the degree of Dictatorship system?
Let me ask something..what kind of system actually we have in kerala for Marketing farmers products?it will be really helpful if u give an answer..
What will u do now NDTV how do u feel when u see that this murder is not by BJP what will u do lodhi media
Who is that cowboy hat farmer 
High time farmers must kickout the dictator Modi out of India.
India all Farmer are good stap for black act
We are also farmer's but we are not Goongs or working behind of some one...True farmer's will understand what this strick ..
u need to do lots of study at ground level about real money made by arhatiyas and unorganised credit system which keep farmers indebted for life
Obviously because Punjab and Haryana hardest workers,they are grafters,rest of India don't have backbone or guts to stand up to government either.
Repealing these law is loss for india especially small farmers. This is regressive step.  Few farmers from one state doesn't mean every farmer don't want it. Don't do it Modi ji
Modi prepared for "Hindu - Muslim" while Our FARMER'S came out of the syllabus 
We have many videos made on why farmers are protesting but no one discuss about their demands
Now farmers around delhi for protest is 2.5 million
simple question - Why are farmers growing wheat when they know it is not consumed that much??
Hats off all the farmers..and the  politicians those are supported the protest...
Thank you, Dhruv Rathee. We face a lot of comments till this time, where people especially Hindus were abusing us and trying to break us by saying terrorists or khalistani but at the same time, we have some support from Real Hindus and Muslims who really wants to help us even doesn't care about their lives. I really admire your videos and the way you say truth and enlightenment the dark side of people's minds. And I also want to Thank you to other those who really support us il the time, I don't know whether we will get MSP or not but I really appreciate the time of that Hindus and Muslims who stand for us without hoping for anything in return.
6.More than 87% of indian farmers are very small - like less than 3 to 4 acres so all these farmers can't sell their produce other than local markets due to very high transportation charges
Crystal-clear well explained video on Farm Bills Dr. Ji! 
Save farmers save our food..save Bharat..from Corporate..oppose to contract farming
Media channels here in Kerala showed great support to the farmers and celebrated the victory...Newspapers like Hindu held actual facts too. "The farmers really deserved support".
And if koi natural disaster hou jese jada barish etc. To contract ka kyia then those  farmer will be in great loss.
support the farmers by bringing these laws. the previous laws is a direct reasons why 30 farmers suicide every day . I hope the police and government take strict action against the thugs endangering the peace by protesting.. we need privatization . enough of corrupt mandi system..
Every one in this nation is protesting be it doctors , nurses , teachers , students , farmers etc etc.... god bless this nation
There are some people in the comments dont understand who are farmers 
BJP remove farm bill due to fear of election in UP election. 
We don't need such irresponsible and selfish leaders.. Arrest her... We support Yogi ji.. Jai ho Yogi ji
How can the Government is at ease ... it's not the matter of esteemed honour to be tarnish ... confront the farmers urge ... put an end ...
The Govt should then go full steam to implement these farm bills in select BJP ruled States and try to demonstrate its success,  by doing everything possible to actually double the farmers income in the quickest possible time. 
Farming has become the lowest job in nation of india amid social status.
Jo bhi laws ke favour mie h uske paas yahi reason h .. government ne kiya h to kuch soch kr kiya hoga  ya fir supreme court ne kuch kiya to soch kr kiya hoga .. Areee bhai kya socha hai?? Hadd h andh bhakti ki bhi .  Pr jo log against h laws ke unke pass jao vo 10 reason de denge .  support farmers or else everyone will suffer.
THE FARMERS PRODUCE TRADE AND COMMERCE (PROMOTION AND FACILITATION) BILL, 2020
This is ridiculous just because they are farmers that doesn't mean that they have right to protest against anyone or anywhere... there is also laws for protest...so it's literally violence..... ISI and Khalistani also take advantage of this protest...and not even single farmer netta told us that what is objectionable clause in farm bill...so it's malign politics..
Dont call them farmers.
Even French, Chinese,British  Monarch bow before peasants & farmers revolution than who is modi
these laws were so great for farmers that when hundreds of farmers died protesting against them...still modi ji didn't repelled Them. But Why now?... Ohh elections are coming.
As a Muslim I fully support Modi for 2024. 
Jai Kisan ( many genuine ones are also a part of this rally but unaware that they are being played with )
But money is with the middlemen, and they are backed by Khalistani SEPARATISTS, and other political opponents of PM Modi, including the Pakistanis from across the border.
no we actually dont need the government to do this.... Bcoz for being a competitior.. It's fine if they oppose.....but there should be a regulatory body for agriculture just like an organization Jisme Bas kishano ka Faida ho.... And our given the rights to oppose the law of government on behalf of farmers... Toh Ab Jaise disputes ho rahe woh Bhi nahi hoge...amul Jaisa ek model... I wish entrepreneurs look upon on this as an social opportunity and not a business opportunity I wish I could have a business model... Oh sorry I mean social model know this
2. Due to lack of land amendment act these farmers are powerful and have a monopoly on mandis alongs with middleman , who exploits the smaller farmers, 
Delhi govt must take full responsibility for helping farmers' kin, as deaths in Delhi.
People who are protesting are misled farmers and the people who are beneficiaries of mandis. International media making it a propaganda to fit the narrative. Do not believe in this news channels. Google for more info.
Thirdly answering your question about ending this cycle is by providing msps on new crops and procuring them. This guarantees a farmer of some fixed income to run their households. 
I feel very sorry for Indian citizen when you have people in the government telling people do more crime and you will be in the government high position after you come out of jail very shame for BJP
If we see the first two farm bills together, the first allows the corporate to enter into the agriculture system without paying tax, and the second law allows them to store on large scale. So, it is all about the corporatization of agriculture in India.
Will this law abolish APMC? If yes it's wrong but if no then doesn't the farmer has a choice?
The scarecrow has made friends with crows and is now scaring the farmers 
Farmers: why don't you listen to us. Are you deaf?
Anti national elements  entry in farmers protests have ruined the negotiations with govt...poor farmers r always suffering n khangress again using their old stategy divide n rule
5) Besides not all crops have MSP even today. So what happens to those farmers? And also, that GOI would need to buy the crops to support the food security bill anyways, right? So isn't this in effect the insurance that farmers need?
i am  from Pakistan one important thing found in this protest that every person every woman have full awareness about the protest even every person want to talk with media express their views
Can you ask the farmers the ways in which the general public can help and support them? Or do share your own opinion on how we can do so, thanks!
This is about farmers not politics. 
Why us Doha/Qatar which hosts the Taliban still not declared a terrorist state? 
Hello! The video was great! I am actually doing a project on farm bills. It would be great if you could please tell me where can I find the original video clip from  2:29 .
Ore bloody fool ...you tell your party stand on taliban...India does not require your suggestion to ban or not to ban taliban ....?!!? It will have its own strategy ....who are you to suggest modi.....first what is your stand on taliban ...???
As an assurance to the farmer for his hard work. Minimum Support Prices were guaranteed. 
Its a blend of some sikh extremists....some extra energetic youth and many miss informed farmers.
Because day by day there are only increasing in price of compost, diesel, pestiside, seed as well as  there aren't implement in Crop price(MSP). So as the end of farmers growth are declining. It's so sad ...and not to be overlooked by India' farmers 
You are playing politics in the name of   farmers,  actual farmers are not there
Always support farmers 
Give her address of you colic journalist who died and other 4 BJP supporters too..there family not weeping..they are celebrating..such shame..
And why only Punjabi farmers from whole lot of Indian farmers protesting??
China is now supporting Taliban's but in their country,any terrorist religious organizations have no gut to say anything...Jai Hind Indian army 
Mockery of democracy, the 3 black farms laws were repeled without any  discussion or suggesrion from MPs just as these bills were made into law last year. God Bless our farmers and hope thay get MSP. Jay Jawan, Jay Kisan
Shame on you modi you should live India  shame on you
Implement FSP - Farmers Support Price
Only two state farmers
Why the police against the farmers they are  gods for us but bjp treating them as waste
Repeal the bills they go back to their homes
Great step by farmers.
Dragging India economically behind Pakistan, is a useless effort by some people. Even above 100 acres agro sector is free of tax, small shop keeper having small income contributes tax. In Punjab agro sector has free electricity, free water, subsidized loans but small shopkeepers, agro daily wagers have nothing,
God curse these so called kisan  who stopped India from reform
Farmers carry seeds and fertilizer . Farmers don't carry Swords, Iron rods, Stones . Only rioters and hooligans carry Swords, Iron rods, Stones .
More power to farmers- they are the real heroes of our Nation 
One more thing if you took money on behalf of land from aathies..than..there land right have to be discontinued.....it's a major fact...of that they are doing such darna... Farmer 
I like your videos ..you are biased on being opposite of pro bjp supporters or bjp.
First is the consequence of second one , if government reluctantly to take a ordinance such a pandemic time why farmer not protest !
Narendra Modi is A Super Prime Minister of India 
MSP should be mentioned legally in the bill and price should be regulated, else one day buying food grains and vegetables would become like today's expensive mobile recharges. Once, Jio used to offer 6 months of internet service free of cost, and now we are paying prices for all those. Price has increased manifold and at the same time, service has degraded...
India  will be fine after modis departure and the whole World  will be fine after the destination of Hindus
BJP Congress ki Secret Partnership hai... Jahan Bhi AAP Election ladti hai , BJP khud haar jaati aur Congress ko Apne Votes Transfer karke Congress ko Jita deti hai... Just because AAP Power me na ajaye .. Agar AAP Power me aagai toh Congress BJP walon ko Jail Ho Jaegi...Kewal AAP ko Rokne liye Cuz AAP wale bikenge nahi... Aur Congress K MLA toh Hamesha For Sale Rehte hai.... Fir BJP Congress k MLA khareedke Govt Form kar Leti hai...Half Duration Tum Luto Half Duration Ham Lootenge...  Har State me Yahi Ho raha hai last 5 years se... for Eg : Punjab , Haryana , Karnataka , Rajasthan , Chhattisgarh , Goa , Jharkhand , MP.  Kewal Public ko dikhane k liye Congress BJP ek dusre ko Ulta Sidha Bolte hai. Aur Fir Parde K Pichhe Ek Dusre Ka Sath Dete hai... BJP Congress Se Alag kese Jab Politicians He Same hai Kabhi isme Kabhi Usme.. And This Secret Hidden Partnership Is Being Exposed everyday. BJP Congress is Very dangerous for India....
First they,oppn also wanted to repeal,now they are repenting for small farmers benefits.
Khalistanis removed our national flag and we are supporting them?? You should have acted like Rajeev Gandhi
Also organic farming has been cited as one of the major reasons for the current emergency in Sri Lanka. Isnt that a warning sign for India as well?
The Farm Bills had no legitimate opposition (even from the opposition, considering their own manifestos). So they made it a matter of "farmers' dignity", etc., since day 1. And now (according to plan) they are spinning it around how "Modi govt was unable to communicate the benefits to the farmers" (after they did everything possible under the sun to disrupt & misinform).
Ex president of Afghanistan was America's slave and many more countries and the biggest right now is india not actual india we can just say president modi sarkar lol.
We stand with our farmers 
I pray may Allah guide n protect all these people fleeing n under threat from these Taliban terrorists.
summary -- educate farmers and reduce corruption.
I think with this new farm laws the farmers gets the protection from companies, its a double edge sword, even for the trading companies too, but I am not sure how smart the farmers are when they are into contracts, but I am sure there will be some clauses that these  companies could be able to exploit in favour to the companies rather than farmers. 
REPEALING - Highly unfortunate -  decision by BJP. You will see more of it now.  But we trust our PM.
People of Delhi are in full support of farmers. I am also a delhite and all my members belong to delhi. Not only us but whole delhi is with farmers in full support. People of Delhi have understood the ill intentions of BJP government and RSS members who have always tried to divide whole nation on the basis of religion. But now the cruel government and RSS members have been exposed naked. It would be their foolishness if BJP still tries to mislead the people of INdia.
If middle men were not looting the farmers then why did rahul gandhi want to take middle men out
Today congress is trying to be so aggressive on farm bill. 
Thanks for talking about farmer issue I was expecting such discussion from yourside but was unable to convey any message to u brother
*Historic Day and humiliating defeat for Indians, 36 runs all foxes inbox. Human Rights watch support brave angry farmers in Punjab, 2nd in Covid 19, frozen winters China's dragon at India's threshold + fascist Modi. Perfect storm for a nation looking for distraction*'
This Vikram singh. Bjp punjabi Is a killer of Punjabhi sentiment. How much bjp has
This explanation was the best one. More power to farmers 
Quite clever how SG avoided mentioning the fact that the protests have resoundingly flopped in all the other states of India. Even Western UP popped up after Tikait entered the scene; and Tikait is no match for the Yogi-Shah combine.
Farmers are protesting in a very decent manner without any hindrance to the public.
...... obviously, these so called reform bills will enhance the role by middlemen/private traders -which is prone to all exploitations of the poor Indian farmers, these so called reform Bills will not decrease this evil role/corruption by the wealthy middlemen/traders which is well known in India, .... therefore, this is  being falsely perpetuated by the Govt that these reform bills will give more profits to the farmers as they will now be able to sell/manage marketing of their produce across states/ even internationally at theor option of setting prices for the produce  - what a hoax and deception not realizing an absolute lack of the requisite threshhold of ability of Indian farmers to do so; ...... 
Very well explained sir! ...Send this video to @Elvishyadav who has very poor knowledge about the farm bills and still made video. This kind of people are very biased and narrow minded thinkers.
#FarmLawsRepealed
No politician is allowed on the stages . Naturally opposition will take advantage just like BJP did against congress 
These peaceful farmers reminded me of a 90's song of chamatkar movie.....
Worlds largest protest by worlds bravest community,  A huge respect to farmers and my people 
  There is not enough demand for farm produce.To increase demand we have to increase the exports in this sector.On the contrary in order to keep the onion prices down we have put a ban on their export.This has agitated the farmers.In addition any thing which even hints at doing away with Minimun Support Price of the  farm produce further aggravate it.
They are nt terorists okey wt the fucku people doing with farmers
The govt did not fail. The farmer fail to understand and will face regrets in the future.
....everyone know   ....writing need  help farmers first! 
Thanks Modi govt for organizing this tractor rally
The issue is not just related to MSP. It is something deeply rooted in what economists have been debating for more than 2 decades. Most of the Indian farmers own 2 acres or less agricultural land. There is no way you can improve the standard of living for these farmers if they work on farm alone. The MSP system coupled with the food subsidies help these farmers just survive nothing more. Economists want Indian government to push these low acreage farmers out of farms and work into manufacturing and services sectors be it as a labourer in the upcoming factories being moved from China. It hard to say who is being adamant here, these farmers with a very low farm holding who will never be able to improve their standard of living with farming or the government that thinks moving them out of the farm will somehow accelerate the pace of manufacturing in India. This is a problem where no one is wrong eventually and no one is right.
Agents and Agencies (Anti Modi Group) never allow farmers to earn. As a daughter of farmer, I feel sad.
Let me add something Sir msp is not on all crops only few general crops like wheat rice sugarcane etc. Govt says that if msp is for wheat is 1000per 100kg that means no one can buy less than that. Where are loopholes let me tell you not only one what is moisture in finished crop downgrade the price and who decide that govt authority that is first one what others loopholes who gonna fix the petroleum prices fertilizer prices , seed prices,pesticides prices,natural disasters  all these effects the cost of production and who bears it farmers
So basically the farmers want to remain how they are... They fear change since that will bring uncertainty.
still Republic showing second part not the first...shame less godi media
Channel not sure if he is farmer or now anyone hit or injured is farmer for channels. Verify 1st, check n recheck, don't b hasty.
Shame on India media and India government
I won't argue any further. Will just say only one thing. For once lets accept that these laws aren't friendly for the people of Punjab. Farmers there just don't want private players to enter in Punjab. Then there IS AN EASIER WAY TO DEAL WITH THIS.
I request all the farmers that don't do protest because the government is so cruel...
The Indian government is actually gifting the helicopter in a way that is helping the Afghan government and handing it over to the Taliban so that it cannot be used against them.
Shame on you  if these bill passed whole India will suffer. There is a shortage of food in the world. There corporation will export the food.   So open your eyes
After 9-10 months of the protest being started, I listened to several people on internet and this is by far the most amazing explaination to Farm bills I ever listened/watched. Also I came across this channel a week ago and I must admit the content here is superb. More power to you!
3. Modi solution. Contract farming for farmers where they will be told by corporates that what kind of crop 
Kuch Kisan ?  ... Pagle all Kisan opposed new farmers law .
This one of the fake protest for nothing.its helpful indeed farmers only..
Very good explanation of the new farmers act.
3. personal relationship with middlemen : so the poor farmers all over india should not be given an option to sell their crops to private companies directly, because middlemen of punjab can give personal loans to punjab farmers. and farmer all over india are dying due to their poverty. but there should be a protest to save a personal relationship between punjab farmers and middlemen.  
Rakish no farmers
Modi govt should pay all damages because they never consult farmers before imposing law
If current system does not need change then why we have so many farmer suicides?not sure what Tikait has done in this matter. Central Govt was indeed wrong in their approach but their intent wasnt.
3. as you said the farmers must keep good relations with the arthiya, he will lend him money with trust. you are indirectly saying that the farmers are at the mercy of the artiyas.. SO they must have a setting or Jugaad to secure their rights with the arthiya ..
Germany's farmers are protesting in there country against of new law . You can search in Google. Euronews is showing that.
Agar indian army ko freedom de di jaye to Taliban kya Pakistan ko bhi khali kar dege ..... Minorities feel blessed that u born in this great land...
A free voice of indian media
Respected Ravish sir, I know it's hard time for you as a real journalist but things will change soon God willingly and you also know that people are with you cause you are good man and Love our beautiful country India & it's democracy. 
sir make another video now... because now farmers  just want to scrap the 3 bills .... and also tell about the repercussions of MSP as a law in international trade ... how  foreign trade unions will react .. according to me countries like canada , usa are already protesting against this ...
Run away Mr Modi, run away, if not Kutch, Arunachal, then the Bolpur, these farmers are  to not relent, if you do not care about your infamous name, think of slander of the Republic if you have to resign after circumstances force you, therefore,recommending the national government, run away, you can return in 2024?
I asked comman indian to get behind the central government and asked the to take strict actions against tikait and this so called kissan andolan
Well, Punjabis loved kissing the BJP feet. You reap what you sow. Hopefully this will be a lesson to them in the next election.
Are they Farmers ?
Critically analyze the new farm bills?
BJP being quite... we need new hindu sangathan to prevent such misconducts in India
Ur saying mandi's r useful to farmers by looting their earned income..woww
Tikait ko jo fayeda ka business lagta hai wo kare, government  is bringing good reforms for small poor farmers. Rich farmers has many options. Tikait is himself crorepati
just a prank by modi killed so many farmers.
Violence by whom. Even NDTV news coverage is not clear. There is no violence by farmers. Minister s son drove over peacefully protesting farmers - should be the headline of the news.
I would suggest to read the article by Sainath titled 'knowing your onions in New York' which explains monopolies and how it affect the farmer and the consumer.
Because of some foolish soo called farmers, we all have to suffer...
I support farming laws
 Modi did it to gain vote from farmers in UP, coalition with Singh in Punjab, definitely Mod and BJPi will Enter the PM office for Next General Election....Know the Logic Behind  any decision
Repeal laws doest mean that the laws are abolished! The laws can be turned back into action post Punjab and UP elections; its all about "vote bank".
Vote for BJP and support for BJP
PM taken good design now don't think about farmers live on their own life and PM must think only about country security and there party growing up
Ravish claims for ground reporting. My advise to him to got to Kabul to have a first hand feel whether Taliban is terrorist or not. Need not to blame social media, and general public. He himself is contradicting - If Afghanistan is in crisis and Afghani are in deep trouble then how come Taliban are good. Killing the innocent people may be good for Ravish not for any sensitive human being. This is high time he should ask these questions himself.
Best analysis with best example and situation and confusion regarding Farmer protest
Government accepted the defeat before the  public !  They withdraw the farm bills since BJP sensed defeat in upcoming 5 assembly elections,  hence they withdrew. it is a victory for the common man.
People have no idea what has happened. Kisans think they won, but in reality they have given govt big opportunity. See how govt will use in upcoming elections.
Rahul Gandhi Zindabad Priyanka GANDHI JI, ZINDABAD Our beloved Gandhi family.. Save this country from RSS BJP God bless you.
Sabhi kisaano ko full support   we are with you
 BEFORE BILLS(CURRENT): PRICE WAS FIXED. COMPANIES SELL THEIR PRODUCTS BY INCLUDING LABOUR ON PRODUCTION. AND, EVERYONE BUY PRODUCTS IN DOUBLE PRICE.
No farmers, no food.... Dont ignore their peaceful protest since last so mny mnths
Farmer should sit at Jantar Mantar protest site instead of blocking the roads and highways 
Peoples paying attention towards the broken terrace not towards the broken bones of farmers
Thanq dhruv.. I m daughter of farmer... Atleast u showed concern     for us... And RIP indian media
U are saying farmers are taking their own lives, u know the existing system is flawed still u want to live like that. Don't fear change its the 1st step to progress.
India: Social diversity? Several hundred Billionaires. Millions in dire poverty! Best wishes to the Farmers!
India is very generous giving gifts like chopper worth couple of billion built dam maybe worth billion but with money spend on other country India could have spend it on its own citizens who are suffering
Police should have some shame getting paid by the tax payer and still beating Farmers who produce food.
Shame on BJP government which is anti farmers and anti democratic.
Remember how the Russians came to India's defence when the west supported Pakistan, remember how Israel assisted India with arms.
I think rather than talking about nuances of democracy we should focus more on to improve lives of farmers.Opposition is presenting no factual statement but only doing  ambani and adani.
Khalistani sponsored rally. Even if demand met do not stop protesting.
Ma'am ,  2015 Niti Aayog data shows that 81 percent farmers know about MSP . So, why only 6 percent of them are using it. Please give some insights.
Im standing with these farmers, they dont have any weapons and they are suppressed by the modi government. Water cannons and tear gas should not be used...
Farmers who lost their lives what you can do for their families now.  
Good Explanation of the farmer bills introduced in India with good examples. I have a question, in your research did you find any country implemented these kinds of rules successfully?
Okay.. you didnt talked about the tool kit from greta.. and how rihana was paid.. the khalistan protest and khalistani terreroists.. and you didnt even mention the benefits of the law.. as how this will increase their standard of living.. the PM of INDIA has already said that.. the farmers who want these laws to be followed can follow them and those who dont want they can not.. its not forcing all the farmers to follow it .. its compulsory ...
Why dont you get Farmer from Punjab to speak????
The Peaceful Farmers Protest Movement in India's Capital region near New Delhi has been peaceful. The farmer leaders from the very start preached and practiced peace in guiding the movement. They even practiced a Tractor Parade in preparation, earlier. The peaceful intent of the main body of the farmers movement was clear from the very begining.
BJP is scared of farmer protests. Denying water, food and electricity won't make them weak. This will get stronger.
Very sad for farmer ..... achhe din aa gye bjp k
God bless the Indian Farmers
OTHERWISE PLEASE DO NOT LET OUR NATION GROWN CROP FOOD AND FARMERS LIFE BE WASTED.
Lot of cases are pending in the courts. Eg. Lavlin case which started in 90s is still going on. Last week only , a final verdict came on a major case , after 28 years. So for the fast moving of the cases, and to reduce the overload of cases in the court, its better to gve authority to district collector or SDM ( District Magistrate)who is a decision maker in the administration level.Can you tell me how many years it will take for a final verdict, if anyone file a case in a supreme court.  Why you play wth poor farmers lives...
Third, contract farming is totally on farmers will
But apples from himachal and jammu are already transported accross india without any resistance...so what's new in this bill?
He Modi now need votes badly for coming state election.
I am most pleased it is withdrawn for suspicious to sellout to India to rogue most corrupt offshore investors who have shares in off shore vaccines, buying farms in USA, .
So bcoz farm laws are passed bjp mla can't go campaign in punjab bcoz they fear of getting killed. If that much of hatred is there in punjab looked with the fact of lot of arms and ammunition with drugs being sent via drones why would a PM like to set a sensitive state on fire to push the reform. What's Abhijit's rationale ? Should have Modi gone ahead pushing reform to set punjab to revolt? Just the way Tamilnadu had threatened to revolt against India if Hindi were imposed? The crux of the issue is we are paying huge costs for our diversity. We are just exhausting and giving up on everything just to put our country together. We are not leading anywhere and by the very structure of this issue we are destined to remain enslaved and subservient to global powers.
I sleep with....no... i mean i stand with farmers.
Haryana punjab unity..... mann sanu haryane wale bro te to sade nal khade... nd all farmers of india .. superb... we are farmers.. hame pta hai haq kaise lete hai
I am not getting why some ppl still defending the protesters. Instead defending, they should take over those violent ppl to police as soon as possible. It will help in investigation and the soft feelings for protesters(actual farmers only) will be alive. Jai Hind.
The ECM act was a different one against which modi ji stood.... It was slightly related to farm laws but was not completely same....so please don't mislead the people
We should support farmers.
The ordinance is very much in the favour of Farmers but not for the middlemen and Mandi Boards and the state loosing its 6% revenue which was being enjoyed at the cost of hard work of farmers. Farmers are being misguided by these state parties. MSP and Mandi Boards will still exist. Its just an option to sell agricultural produce to anyone anywhere and farmers will have the right whom they choose the mandi or the private players. Congress in Punjab is complete bullshit cause the same reforms were mentioned in the Congress Party Manifesto 2019 lok sabha elections. Smt. Harsimrat K Badal resigned cause If a member of the Cabinet wishes to openly object to a Cabinet decision then they are obliged to resign from their position in the Cabinet. Stop dirty politics.
The laws passed in corona time in hurry and unconstitutionally and now not at all caring of lakhs of farmers protesting
3 asthi vale msp rate nai fethe bori charge be kathe or kooli charge transport hamli charge farmer ke uper cut karthe or money credit 50lathe
Proud of farmers
if farmer leaders know they are some people joined the group to disturb the rally, why they dint stop or postpone the rally.  The pathetic in India is the left parties are not able to condemn this horrible act, left parties are least bothered about the police people.
I wasn't able to get the idea about why the farmers are protesting so much no matter how much I researched. Thanks it's really informative
Guidelines price assurance and farm services Act, 2020 .pdf
*The only thing we can do it is* just wait for next election without forgetting these events which is destroying our India.
Proud to be a farmer
K)  Tax factor must be considered to be imposed in order to maintain that farmers are not only feeders of the society but also tax contributors for development of nation. 
Farming has to be done by farmers.  Not to the government.  Therefore, the government should make some new rules only after talking to the farmers.
3) Involve Farmer Producer Org. in APMCs to fight the cartelization.
Just before elections this so called farmers moved to Haryana. Wow.
All the people who dnt even own a 1 inch of agriculture land in comment section telling what is right for farmers 
Modi ji ki beard kam hui wese hi petrol price or attitude bhi kam ho gya.. he is good pm but can be best if he takes care of indian economy and people more properly.. 
Our Farmers did not bother anyone in Delhi, they fed Delhi homeless. They showed once again that they are the one who grow the food to feed us. Thanks to Famers to feed the whole world.
Now the poor farmers will be under the control of land Lords...
India may grow in economy but under this Fascist government secularism will be lost.. so as citizens we must question ourselves are we ready to support bjp at cost of secularism ?
This is done deliberately to put fear in the farmers. But he has underestimated Jat Punjabi and Haryanvi farmers.
You dont what loss you made to farmers. Days will come when you will cry again for these laws.
Government should change this bill otherwise punjabi delhi nu hala dan ge GOD BLESS WHOLE WORLD  FARMERS  
You are the best. You are side of farmer and truth.
Irritating smell of bjp cow dung . Today we the farmers won. Just accept it and shut up.
750 poor meek farmers has brutally killed by fascist modi. Bjp has to be uprooted...
Now I don't support farmers protest
First u(bjp n rss,modi govt) targeted muslims now Singh's farmers ...Whole nation already in hell
no matter what india says about Taliban as India has already faced the consequences and lost billons of dollers in many projects . This is not local politics and Modi is used to treat global politics as local so as its media have to ..
Why farmers are get beaten who produce food for us. The same food who buy to eat in country everywhere. It is like beating mother who feeds food ro us. It's really sad to see ...
Tractor Rally ,  next a Tractor Convoy
We are with farmer..... Farmers are the backbone of our country 
No comments in this regard people of India has already given their comments for sponsered Govt everybody says all thease rules in favour of Corporate who sponsered this Govt if farmers says thease rule not in their favour why not withdrawal the same now every man is say primnister chor hai
Our great PM is polite but to withdraw Agriculture rules are not good for Democracy because few farmers were not happy or agree.
Farmers have already filed case in Supreme Court challenging legality of these laws.  A good multi pronged action.  They should also ask their BJP MPs and MLAs whether they stand with farmers or against.  They should boycott all of those who are favouring the farm laws and denigrating the farmers movement.  They should protest in front of BJP offices in each of the districts asking the party to take a stand against the bills
Please stop blaming Pakistan because Pakistan paid a big price for the fight of America but enough is enough we don't want to be a play grounds for American
No farmers No food
Again PUNJAB is saving INDIA, so everybody should understand that it's always politics trying to divide us by saying us khlistani, We need to get modi and his GODI media know that we have given them sky and now well hit them back to Ground
When the people dont get food thats when they'll value farmers
Thank u for supporting our farming brothers & sisters. Love & respect.
Thanks man. You change my mind towars farm bills. I hope  many people watch your video so that they can understand too. I SUPPORT FARMERS  now
Well done karan.. ! Really appreciated for supporting farmers..!
He is an opportunist,his wife will resign but he will continue to support bjp, nonsense
 When Modi was about 17 years old, the foundation of the Green Revolution was laid and farmers harvested the first crop of high-yielding wheat.
In Haryana its 1950, in UP its 2200-2300, but a consumer pays 4500-4800 per quintal (i.e. per 100kg), but the new laws do not promise MSP, please read all three laws. Its my request to all before commenting on anything, these laws are very easily downloadable from google. please read them and then everybody whose read will come to know that Farmers are right as just talking about 2 most important clauses, hoarding and black marketing of cereals, pulses, potato, onion are no longer unlawful(Acc. to ), and farmers cant file a case in court if their payment is not made [Acc. to ].
Farmers needs more help from us 
thanks for supporting to Farmers
Can you tell me what is wrong with the farm laws .. explain which out of 3 acts actually is against the farmers cause I can't find any?
Once I went to my local sabzi market and saw a famer selling vegetables, he was selling freshest and greenest vegetables, and at lowest prices, and that did tasted better when cooked. In future I would love to buy from farmers directly.
Govt trying to real farmers but It's not fair to the middle men as they loose their commission & their livelihood. Paid Hooligans create ruckus disrupting anything & everything.
We are with you our National pride holders i.e. our farmers
My beloved farmers your friends and family is looking forward to meet you 
Good step for Modi, Bad step for India.
Please all Indian people's are support  to farmers ..
No stand for hongkong, Bangkok pakistan but when comes to vote they support every one 
Take respect farmers,for your courageous stand to exact your rights, preserve livelihood.Hope the Government listens to your demands as you farmers the only growers defying cold-rain-heat for a country and the world alike to feed on.Without farmers,no choice but to starve.
So Farmer should get paid even which can covers there expenses in growing crops, so that farmers don't have to bear the losses.
Why MSP and Mandis not included. Please tell Honourable PM the facts. Before your party coming to power what was MSP percentage of increase year by year and you gave MSP in decreasing manner whereas you have promised double the rate of farm production. What was Petrol and diesel and cooking gas rate during Dr Manmohan Singh and honestly compare your period where  the money gone we farmer not improved at all. All improvement made to Ambani and Adani etc.
I have just one sentence for this farmers law incident
Why are y'all so negative in the comment sections? Can you at least show some respect towards our brothers & sisters standing up for us in Punjab. The whole country is collapsing meanwhile you all have time to talk about "oh who are they going to blame" or "they lost". Are you really that oblivious. You can't claim being a "Punjabi" or "Sikh" or even "Indian", if you're going to sit here and allow our rights being stollen from us. It's less then a 5% that most Farmers protesting even got the Corona Virus, it's most of y'all that are silent, not doing nothing for your people. Anyways etkta zindabad .
Terrorist are briefing in press conference but the prime minister of. India not.       JAI KISSAN
Does these farm laws benefit farmers from other states?
Being a common man lots of confusion regarding this controversy between Farmers and Govt. Thanks for educating us regarding the 'Bill' .
Govt pulling hands back from each and every sectors which may coz of loss on govt vault, I think this should not be with farmers.
To cross check honesty of political leaders ,  govt. should declare  year over year growth of properties of Mulayam Pariwar, Lalu Pariwar, Tiktet Pariwar, Mayawati Pariwar, Modi Pariwar, Yogi Pariwar, Sharad Pawar Pariwar, Gehlot Pariwar, Indira Gandhi Pariwar.
Check this reallity nailed it the fake modi media
Its not complicated to know why this decision is come out... But anyways.. It helps farmer and comman man. Never go against will of farmer.
Don't allowed to Rakesh tikait  to meet pm and union agriculture minister for farther  discussion Of kissan union and Govt of India.
We need system that give space for farmers to sell at their prices and take commission..(D-Mart)...
Bharatiya Kisan Union non political hi he bas kuch media channel political ho gye he..
However at present farmers are leading btr life ... Once after the Bill enters .. farmers will become slaves of Retail sectors
GREED! AMBANI AND ADANI WITH THE BLESSINGS OF P.M MODI YOU HAVE LOOTED INDIA MORE THAN MAHMUD OF GHAZNI, MUHAMMAD OF GORI, AHMED SHAH ABDALI AND THE BRITISH EMPIRE. ARE YOU NOT SATISFIED?? MODI INDIAN FARMERS ARE NOT FOR SALE.
No farmer no food...if we fought for others right than why we step back to our own right....
If MSP continues to remain in force and farmers get other option to sell to any body where they get better price for their product, then there is no reason to object the bill.
Farmers bill 2020 provisions are very good for  farmers, they should be implemented in all willing states  of India  ( on state level  ) ......in my opinion 
I support our farmers and stand with them
Congratulations to brave farmers
The farmers should not come under modi words he is a liar liar he want only vote .
Unsubscribing republic for using the heading huge relief.. were the laws against farmers?
Can you make this same topic again with the present updates because it is most important topic concerning democracy. India was lead by practical wisdom of common people..  So India was not affected badly by many international issues. I respect the wisdom of the farmers (housewives) and the people encounter realities regularly which academics will never understand.
This is the play of God against injustice of the apathy of a hostile gov.act in accordance with the will of god.victory will be the outcome...pray to God....
Shame on Indian  Media, Shame on Central Govt.
Shame on khalistani fake farmers
Well, a good explanation, but putting a mandatory msp is not a solution. For example, if people reduce their cereal intake in next 5 years, but the msp remains same, the buyer would be obligated to buy a commodity that is no longer in demand. This also kills innovation at farmer's end and disincentives them to move on to a crop in demand. Take punjab for example. All and all, instead of putting msp, govt must setup/strengthen a strong anti competitive body to watch over market manipulation and this it can protect farmers from unfair prices.
Goverment is only tring to find a way out of this farmer's protest thing and tring to suppress the protest.
Now GODI will say these Kisan are all Khalistani . This is what happens when people are angry with BJP and GODI media has no balls to question the government. Jai Hind.
It's glad that farmers issues have become automatic issue of elections, majority of citizens are farmers .
anything positive about Modi and BJP.
Reporter bhai aap ek ache reporter ho lekin dhire dhire godi media jeisa sawal puchre ho
Elections jo he Punjab aur UP me isliye to vapas liye teeno laws..
it is like a north indian Kerala mixture of religions and cultures. Hope our farmer brothers get there rights and hope peace will return 
So called Farmers who are involved in agitation, those states are getting MSP benefits for last many years and in these states more than 70% of their produce is procured through MSP. As these farmers dont diversify their cropping pattern and creating havoc for natural resources (depletion of ground water due to frequent irrigation bcoz of low electricity tariff, and increase in water logging areas, burning of paddy straw, poor soil health excess use of fertilisers, etc). and unnecesarily presurrising Central Govt by taking the name of small farmers. 
Congratulaions to Farmers protest. They showed the whole sub continent the true democratic ways to struggle. More power to Farmers.
Lol Delhi Police is so much coward itne darpok  they still darpok nihag singh ji ne talwar par cover laga rakha fir be dari ja rha hai lol  chak de bai no farmer no food full support  (jab hindustan ki bahu batyo ki boli lagane atay thay afgani tab be ye darpok thay Or aaj be darpok hai only one who is a brave who is a sikh 
There is defeat in the Election that's why all this drama is Modi's
Tikait is very good leaders.farmer
And then this policy was launched without first consulting the stake holders ( farmers and their leaders ) where while taking their fears or apprehensions in mind a better law could have been incorporated with a firm long term plan in place where crop diversification would be put in place and a subsidy provided by the centre for a fixed number of years while the transition is in place.
When is wion going to cover the farmer protest. We should care more about India then afghastian
You are lying. No flag was replaced! There was no flag on that pole. They hoisted their flag. Please don't create fake news to show farmers bad. If they don't like the law that's implemented on them den they have enough rights to protest against it.
Farmer laws are good ...Anna ji .please read it
I support farmers I stand with farmers
For Pakistan in the East with India: LOC means Line Of Control...but in the West with Afghanistan: LOC means Line Out of Control!!! 
Also speak on why did riots started and why did farm leaders condemned these riots..there is no mention of taking away MSP in farm laws...speak on contract farming in UK,USA, CANADA whether it helped or teared families there and why farmers not protesting there
Nearly 700 farmers lost their lives what will be the fate??
Farmers Degrading Indian flag??? Nah these are traitors
We are spot farmers.......
This guy Abhijit is smoking some next level weed. Really simplistic arguments on anything to do with Modi/BJP and really twisted arguments/conspiracies on everyone else. Im from UP and I can tell you BJP is sweeping the state, farm laws notwithstanding. If they wanted to be in government in Punjab, they could have made this compromise a long time ago. Modi wouldnt have held out for 18 months if that was the endgame. There have to be other factors. As they say, the absence of evidence is not the evidence of absence. 
Best Analysis on repealed Farm Laws.
To have a comparison about scale the avarage size of wheat farm in the wheat belt of western Australia  4 thousand acres whereas 85%of indian farmers are less than 2acres
These are not farmers they are rioters,a farmer knows his values.
Kerala people support Punjabis and farmers
govt will keep on shouting this is nector drink it..but the farmer feels it is venom..so forcefully onluy modiji can impose these lawas and make there friends happy and worlds richest.shame on modi ji
When Modi government did not bulge nor met Tamil Nadu farmers when they put their demands in Delhi,  she says she was trying to the very end for Modi would bulge. Bull shit...where this lady went when TN farmers agitated... now its for Punjab farmers she resigned...
Ideally farmers should be able to sell directly in mandi to anyone or government in a regulated environment...well that would be possible if farmers have easier access to mandi...either with the help of technology or physical infrastructure. Also, buying or procuring should be done equally from all over India...not just few states viz Haryana or punjab
I agree to disagree with Abhijit cos it is a no-go area for BJP in Punjab. When Capt met Amitji most political pundits said that farms law wud be scrapped.Now that is the case they give an alternative views. What Abhijit dont realise is that the punjabis seems to be politically isolated and Congress mukt Bharat wud not be realised. Worst case scenario what if AAP came to power
I have been watching your videos on farm laws for a while now. As a Punjabi, I can say that you dont have much idea about opinion in Punjab and making your judgements based on local Punjabi media. Initially you said Govt is wrong in saying that protest is not just about farm laws and there are Khalistani elements in the protest. Today Govt has been proved right and you are admitting that the protest is about politics. The Govt has actually handled this protest way better than expected. Wait for sometime and you will admit that protest is also about Khalistan.
permission was just a drama they had planning for farmers but this time they cant stop farmers
Third law simply allows private players to store farm produces, which was not allowed as india was deficient in food production and govt feared hoarding. Now India has so much food grain production that it can't consume what it produces.
This is the victory of the farmers and a shameful defeat of the government's ego, arrogance and pro-capitalist policies. If the government and its leader had shown the wisdom at the proper time, lives of hundreds of kisans could have been saved. Hope that a little more  thoughtfulness on the part of government would fulfill expectation of people on bringing law on MSP.
#ISupportFarmers #NoFarmerNoFood
2. you spoke about MSP . In the Mandi system only 6% of the farmers were benefited with MSP or only 6% of them sold their crops at MSP price or above. (stastics from Sharada committee  
You need a FARMER thrice a day to SURVIVE.
    + Already farmer is free to sell his produce anywhere and can store his produce in any quantity "near" his farm.
Farmer will remain poor as long as goons and urban Naxal will lead them
Please read this as well. what are assumptions made by economists. and how govt is trying to take gain from these farm bills. its made for corporates not for farmers.
Why cant Govt. go amongst  farmers and explain the benefits in the manner shown in this programme.
There is one incorrect statement in this presentation. Buyer pays tax (not farmers) which creates thousands of jobs and pays for roads and infrastructure of APMC. 
Basically Punjabis and Haryanvis are reaping most of the benefits leaving nothing to rest of india. And if these bills stay whole india will benefit and share of those farmers will be lesser hence they are protesting. Understood. Thank you sir 
Farmer should get their rights .authorities are treating like slaves .
Only 5-6% farmer sell grains at MSP price.
Yogi  ji plz send the force .... otherwise ye mauhaul kharab kar sakte hai
Main is bill ko support kadta hoon. Is bill se kissan kahi v apna products bech sakta hain.
This is national media of india . They know truth but they hidden ito
Very well explained madam. I think government should make a short film to explain these farm laws so all small farmers can understand practically.
A win for the farmers and defeat for those who called them 'Khalistani'..respect to ALL the martyrs who gave their lives during last year. Hats off to all of you brave men and women. You have defeated the biggest challenge to India's democracy - RSS and BJP
Haryana n punjab farmers r d richest farmers in India......... so not getting  emotional...... but msp should be there i guess govt. should be clear
Jeet of of Atankwadi forces. Ahankar hota to bill wapis nahi lete.
That time and even now not even Punjab or Delhi government raised any issue on this congregation . Even now most of the librandu's would even support this step!!
Another clip to watch in support our Kisaan Punjab Farmers protest in London https://youtu.be/ZFCyQMbFZBc
5) On 26th Jan, farmers deviated from agreed route of protest. No farmer leader has taken responsibility for violence incited by them on 26th Jan.
Those who understands bills are supporting farmers protest, rest will repent when food grains will be out of reach for the common citizens, eg  education, health, Jio, oil, telecom, aviation, railway....etc due high rise of prices
India Only true jurnalist ....brave guy ravish kumar
Never give up farmer..world farmer support you!
After this dont ask again government to Why farmers does not have right to sell their products any were in India??  This win for richer farmers and middle man
Rich farmers want 6% Msp and 94% poor farmers who have died because of previous system these leaders are not thinking about them hypocriate people using religion
The ruling government is completely out of touch with the  needs of the farmer. Please stop the persecution of the Indian farmer. This farmers bill is  sheer torture of the  farmers and their families whose lives are spent patiently toiling on their farms. This is the worst type of tyranny by the government.
The minister's son and even the so-called farmers who killed BJP workers should be charged with murder.
I sapport farmers, thanks sir for good information about farm Bill
Farmers : Let us show the world how powerful we can be
we were inclusive democracy but since Modi (2014) we have now religion-based ruler (like that in Taliban-Afghanistan, Saudi Arab)  of India and no more a democracy
New Farmers Bills not only ruins the Farmers but ultimately directly effect Common People of India on long terms. Not only Mandi will be shut down but small hand Carts Vendors will be out of market. All Vegetables, Food grains and  essentials Commodities will be Sold in Small Packets at High PRICE/ RATES like USA. Canada, Australia and other rich county people are buying. COMMON PEOPLE CAN NOT BE EFFORD TO BUY IN INDIA. If  Farmers Bills will be implicated Bad Days not be far in India for COMMON PEOPLE OF INDIA
Finally, a good , Farmer friendly and honest thoughts Farming sector Bills brought and passed by Visionary Modi Govt. One important step to rid India corruption that was nurtured by corrupt Congress. 
We are all Indians support farmer 
Long live unity of farmers, thank you Haryana brothers for your support
In the end it was a great attempt to help farmers by Modiji , though obviously farmers do not have advanced vision,  or blocked by corrupt interest groups, that all educated population fully understood it from day one . Hope some day farmers  wake up  with a new vision , like Modiji.
Its sad how a group of farmers from Punjab and UP decide what is good and what is bad for all the farmers in the entire country.
I'm sporting to farmers
Farmers are right!!!!!
Chor bjp, Godi Modia and Lundbhkats are Hramkhors....
 sorry farmers. Maaf karna hamko aap logo k sath normal people nhi join ho rhe hai sorry
Taliban 42 nato countries allience aor America jesi super power ko rgr ky rkh chuky hen India ky to chpy chpy py aag lgi h khalistan Kashmir nixl Naga land aasam
Once in your life you need a doctor, a lawyer, a policeman, and a preacher. But every day, three times a day, you need a farmer
They are also worried that in case of a dispute with a private purchaser (corporates), the poor farmers will be left powerless to defend themselves.
This is so upsetting, government should kick their ass out of Delhi for the vandalism and destruction of public property . They say theyre farmers but clearly they are nothing they claim to be .
Khalsithani in abroad are using this farmer laws to surt separtist ideology in Punjab youth modi did a good things by removing thses laws
Ye bjp wale or media dono ke dimag me 24/7 bus election ka perchar chelte rehata h
Tum news walo sbse Bade dalle ho india me BJP..
Now godi media will say these are terrorists or khalistanis lol
I support bjp in every aspect...but i want govt solve farmers problem..i m not farmer to understand the problem yet i want farmers get maximum benefit...
Happy to see this video..which national media can't show in this way.. mostly are Godi media
the minimum support price was increased higher than international price and no exporter is
History will remember our dear farmers were d one who saved democracy in India. It is a lesson learnt by our generation that a party who wins by a huge margin can go crazy in an autocratic manner, can pass bills in d parliament , can choose to ignore opposition, can take d very people who voted it to victory for a ride. Only persistence and unity of d people in a peaceful manner can make them bow down. Hail d farmers of India 
It was a combination of the Indian Congress , Indian Muslim's and the Pakistan ,,,,
India needs to take care of its farmers. They are dying because of psychopathy of the Modhi regime. Also India needs to respect women and girls because child rape is rife. Another problem is the caste system. India needs to abolish the caste system as it's discriminatory to the Dalit populations. Another problem India has is the open defecation cultural habit which causes virus like the Delta variant.
I'm on police side they are not farmers my uncle got to much injury they are not farmers they are terrisot 
But Now Some Kishan are trying to Politics with Tukde Tude Gank.  Just like shows Destroy Hindusthan. PM Modiji Jindabad
What a victory, kisan zindabad 
 As a software engineer I feel an existential threat by AI , but tech leaders tell me AI will convert all software engineers into leaders and increase my pay. Who is right ? I don't know . Same with these farming bills. 
We stand farmer
False information  APMC belong to centre. Govt so that why APMC price is same in all over punjab and haryana !!!! What MSP .....
Whole voilence was planned and executed on behalf of BJP, AMIT SHAW...Support and Respect Farmer who does hard work and provide food to everyone. Even though you buy wheat flour or other stuff from shops..but some farmer grew and harvested wheat..so understand...don't get fooled by BJP people
The news came first, the incident happened later. The flag on the glimpse of Punjab on the 26 January parade was the one which was hoisted on the Red Fort. This is not a flag, it is Nishan Sahib. Because of this Nishan Sahib, the Khalsa Army liberated the daughters and sisters of India from Ahmed Shah Abdali and kept the shame of India. This is the Nishan Sahib whose divine principle closed the North East borders forever to end 1000 years of slavery of Hindustan.
Also, Whether India likes it or not, Pakistan is sitting in a geographically important location, making it the strategic alley of China and others. Pakistan can connect China to the Gulf with just a road, imagine shipments going from gulf to Shanghai roaming the Indian ocean and south china sea? This tedious shipping expense will be drastically reduced when China cooperates with Pakistan. Why would china ever dump Pakistan and loose such a great opportunity for India ? No country will do that, even India for that matter if we have similar leverage...
Pm.modi is biggest fool pm I ever seen.  And remember modi pm Don mess with us this is punjab .baby
I am from farmer family, this man is liar, government was providing place, when this protest was start but the farmers organisation refuse to stay there and they block the roads.
What is the purpose of this rally? what are they trying to prove?  I just dont understand the intent. Gov has agreed to stall the laws given assurance of MSP. Farmers still want to suffer at the hands of middlemen and sell only at APMC's and pay commission agents, they want to grow only rice and wheat and expect gov to buy it at MSP. Something is just not right !!! Anybody in their right sense can understand these laws are going to benefit the farmers across india. Unfortunately political parties who have lost all credibility spreading misinformation and using gullible farmers for their own agenda. Hope common sense will prevail.
Punjab BJP government hota hee too aise nehi hota. Congress ka pura support.  Congress desh barbat kiya economically
#Respect big love for farmers #punjab 
I am completely  speechless  this is truly real form of journalism. Going Man to man tent to tent and to show the condition farmers. Hats off
3. With these laws, the mandi system will slowly die away because of farmers shifting to other ways like inter state selling and contract farming eventually leading to closing of mandis. Bihar did away with mandi system and look at the condition (lowest income in nation). Farmers are worried the same will happen to them.
very  nice of the flower  showers on farmers.......!!!!!!!  Thank you  brothers   Thank you
75 percentage of our parents are fully supportive to modi government specifically in hindu families what may b the reason behind it
No one should be allowed to protest on the name of farmers any where accross India.
We are farmers, with full confidence, which strong wills,and,will, struggle,unto, last breath.( Jammu and Kashmir, Kisan and fruit growers wellfare federation)
This are khalistanis and dalals, the more they will do drama even after the withdrawl of farm bills the more Bjp will gain power and popularity and will become stronger
Such a historic decision of market control ,  make petroleum price hike in India while price law in international market
Farmers should become more competitive
I support taliban..... Yogi teri himmat he...
Dhruv bhai, I was watching you and other news and wanted to share my family's experience. So, my family grows spices, turmeric and coconut and only seasonally mangoes. Our family shifted from paddy almost seven to eight years ago. Block development officer visit all farmers in the panchayat. He gives advice on which seeds to sow based on how much has been taken by other farmers as there may be a glut as everyone is growing same. But many of our neighbours do not listen to block development officers. We become dependent on MSP in case of paddy wheat some pulses etc.
I was supporting farmers for so long but not anymore . Nothing is more important than tringa . Jai hind bharat mata ki jai 
Where as history  shows Indira Gandhi Created Bhindranwale to counter Akalis  for her political gains and destabilised Punjab as well as India in Early 80s and retarded Indias economical growth, Modi is different he will not put Nations interest in jeopardy due to his political gains.
Yes he is supporting them that's why Modi is offering them sweets on borders... 
Save farmers Save India
This explanation is  theoretically correct.But But ....A farmers will never able to access online market they don't have that expertise. What will happen there will be some middle man who buy crop from farmers at low price and sell it to corporate at high price using this online platform.But in mandi farmers , they can alleast handle on their own with their limited knowledge.
It's not enough you understand both sides I guess yo should understand the route cause of farmers. It could be an attempt to bring in China investment
sorry to say but ....aapne kya step uthaya h...farmers k liye
The people who were talking against farmers were those anti-nationals who eat food which actually comes from the fields where these farmers work hard. Farmers shouldn't feed these anti-nationals and backstabbers. Jo ghar ka nahi raha woh kaisi aur ka kya rahega
Please do make a detailed video on how commission agents in mandis play with farmers
Farmers Rights must
Salute to our farmers of Punjab and all India
they are killing our farmers. last time such laws were implemented, it was the british. don't forget - the soldiers at Jallianwallah Bagh were also just following orders.
I am also farmer but plz can you explain why should I protest against this? I think it's gonna make our country more developing in the primary sector.
In sha allah farmers  will win sooooon
Why I don't think Modi repealed farm laws?
its realy bed for lower farmer
MODI, NITISH & Godi confident to win Bihar with 213 seats fixed in EVM. 
Thank you Rakesh tikait jee. You saved agriculture,saved india,saved poor. I love you. 
Salute for ur real news.... Support farmers #standfarmerprotest
if Gov make law that if anybody bought crops less than input cost he/she went to Jail . Gov give price of crops more than input cost by formula of Swaminathan. Farmers get money of crops in 15 days then We may think about to give vote to BJP in upcoming election.
BJP supporter ke sath aisa he hona chahiye
Farmers hmare desh ki lifeline h fir v log chup hai...kya wo roti nhi khate ??
They are protesting from last 6 months where were these media? Why u guys didn't show the tears, pain and death rates of farmers.
Common people support farmers, because we can't live on digital foods.
look they r farmers wow they have their own flags and they dumped indian flag today wow guys isn't it damn good
Farmers are doing democratic protest
Very very well explained. I made a comment about this in a previous episode, and I say it again.....for the sake of National Interest, I really feel that the Govt should include SG in the team that is negotiating with the farmers.
For Bramins, those who do agriculture/ farming are untouchables. With them holding the highest office, farmers and commoners will be treated very badly. :(
Against the farm bill
You have Heard the Phrase " "    " ". I think this is a one side of the story. I want to know the other side of the story. Why the Corporation are jumping into the farming? What are they going to gain by doing farming? Why is Government supporting the Corporations to do farming? This is a global economy. If India has surplus crop then why are we not exporting to the countries that need them? Shekhar Guptaji can you please explain other side of the coin in your next episode.
Catching and sending people to jail isn't any justice in this case. Culprits believe that dieing for this cause is going to heaven. Kishan needs to be given justice by making sure that culprits don't go to heaven. All assets of culprits' and their organizations need to go to Kishan. Assets from waqf board need to be given to Kishan. This will ensure no going to heaven. Assets need to be immediately frozen so court can take actions.
Very good decision by farmers
All bjp states have enacted the farm laws and farmers from non bjp states are rushing to them to sell their yields 
Yes farmer families will not be divided so Groverment should stop this division 
Dum hai to...let modi visit the venue and face farmers
The supposed beneficiaries of the bill are fighting it tooth and nail. And the government insist on forcing a bill on farmers which they won't accept at any cost. This government is enemy No.1 of the poor and middle class and farmers of India.
support the farmers
Where is our slogan : jai jawan jai kisaan. When kisan is injured how jawan become  strong to save our india. Really too bad incident happened due to politics. Both are two eyes of india..so  supreme court should take action on those culprits who lati charged on old people..Kisaan is back bone of our India.When The Kisaan is strong india will be safe and cool. Jai hind 
I am the son of a farmer and we have received payment till now till January 7...We have to sell our crop to the bajaj factory It is very bad situation, please make a video on this subject sir.
Since 2001, India has invested more than 3 billion in Afghanistan and helped in nation building. Whereas what did America do in 20 years??? The US not only failed to eliminate the Taliban, but also equipped Pakistan with military aids, while Pakistan has stabbed the US in the back since 2001 and has always provided training and monetary support to the Taliban and also a safe haven for Osama bin Laden be provided.
Farmers of India 
4) While Godi Media only showing Red Fort Things.... Why not other side.... You can't disagree that worst media is in India  that's why Govt is allowed to pass bills without voting in Rajya Sabha.... How can this happen....where is Constitution in India sleeping....Where are the rules and regulations...
What a beautiful capture of Spirit of Farmers... !!!! The real Spirit, Emotions, bhai-chara, eager to make Food for everyone, the courage, love, culture..!! 
These laws were not fully explained to farmers before implementing....may be if they had not let it be weapon for opposition then all should have been good ...still I'm not fully sure these laws benefited farmers on ground...they were awesome on paper but not on real life....because middle man didnt go anywhere except they now had something to fight for....greed and power were motives in this whole play in the end comman man lost
Actually it was really that much small amount of protesters who went to Laal Killa...not exact 0.1% but max only 1 %. it was only 500 to 1000 people who reached Laal Killa. and Farmers gathering was more than 20 lakhs..may be much more than 20 lakhs...you can get the accurate number of gathering from Internet... And one more thing, People listened to Deep Sidhu and Lakha Sidhana was thinking to go to Ring Road. They justified that few unknown people who were waiting at the turn point started fighting with police. then people got confused and follow the gathering. It seems unbelievable but they were literally mostly 1000 farmers who turned to Laal killa...
Opposition wants to destroy our farmers . Media should play a positive role in explaining correct position . Otherwise these anti nationals /opposition parties would destroy India .I  my India.
You really made it crystal clear! Need more people like you in this country where the young generation with a rational mind is afraid to have a political opinion because we don't know whom to trust! No one here in the mainstream media is willing to give such a simple compilation of all the necessary details honestly! I personally would hate to build an opinion and choose sides in politics without knowing all the facts beforehand and you sir have given me the facts today. Hope you thrive and find alot of success with this wonderful YouTube channel of yours, your contributions will be lauded by the genuine rational thinker of India!
Excellent, no words proud to be punjabi proud to be kisan majdoor Ekta always won truth congratulations never forget veera great song
why all the protestors are from punjab , if the law is for farmers of whole country
I agree with SG when he says that politically inspired protests are ok in democracy, however bigger concern here is that there are clearly foreign players like China and other anti india entities which are sponsoring and puppetiering these protest and then writing in Global times that india is unstable for business. They are using such protests to engineer riots and violence repeatedly. That is something every indian common or politician or farmer should think about carefully. They continue to go this path, they are not just harming themselves and BJp but also our country.
We support farmers ..
Stoop to conquer is what Modi is doing. He can and he can bring them all back after winning Punjab and PREPONING UP elections
I am not going to say whether it was beneficial or harmful for farmers but what exactly type of example is being set.
Vegetables in our town market are on average Rs.40 per half kg at the same time they are being purchased from farmers at Rs.15 per kg. Middle men/Vendors make huge profits compared to farmers but now corporates are here with better logistics and strategies to beat vendors.
The Indian army wont have the same handcuffs that Brit/USA had to wear! Im pretty sure they would show the Taliban how its done!
International media keeps their audience dumb on Indian issues by pointing to unpretty bits in an attempt to smear the whole picture, and granted India has alot of unpretty bits. But the truth is India needs Labour Reform, Land Reform, Farm Reform & Income Tax reform among other things, and it needs them to happen yesterday. All our political parties have these reforms in their election manifesto but they don't legislate them into law once they are in power. Those that do try to legislate are strong armed into submission by special interest groups and the opposition - this is bad politics, it wins and everyone plays it.
Farmers are always in lagging stage , yes this law might have dragged them to more lag, but it is also real, it's the victory of middle man anyways. This law must have helped big corporates, but now without law, it will be continuing helping to  traditional middle man(agitators of protest) 
This is Karnal motherfuckers we will remember this, Haryana will remember this, BJP won't return to Haryana for at least 2 more decades
Please don't call these people as farmers because they are hooligans from Congress party.
Punjab is our pride, our India`s pride, but you have taken the worst step that could have been taken.
Delhi me Case pending h, aur farmers to UP me hi protest karenge.. Q?? Yogi ko Election me harane ke liye sare farmers Delhi chor k UP me aagaye. Farmers h ya bhade ka log?
When it came to agriculture and farmers,One section of them did not accept the reforms. Great job.Remain poor now.Our country cannot just remain dependent on agriculture and a pm and his government cannot waste their time to make some farmers pleased.
i am unable to understand why the policymakers and the bureaucrats involved in these bills have still not thought about the impact on farmers it is going to create in long term. And forcing this law in favour of capitalists.
#FarmersProtest
they still pray for india ... who calls them khalistanis or naxals
Opposition leader think farmers are brainless
Also, have you bothered speaking to any farmer before coming to the conclusion? Maybe go to the protest site and speak to them and then share your perspective??? Itll be a little more responsible of you.
Farmers doing what they think is right and police is doing their duty to earn for their family..it's the one who is sitting in AC room eating amazing foods and just giving orders to stop them..instead of finding a way to calm this situation
The mafia apprehends the government  is trying to plug the drain hole. It has to be. The old system will go off as farmers start using more efficient avenues.
All Kisan is doing wrong, they must support government who is making corporate strong to fight against Pakistan and China.
The only reason why farmers are protesting is MSP. And i stand with farmers
Now goverment need to some talk with farmer 
.Tell me about the case of Gujarat when the companies broke the agreement when the price of the farmer's produce went up
In farm sector msp may be a problem for private ,but msp is guaranteed for farmers is because it's contribution for the food security of the society
We support farmers.. These 3 laws will affect each and every poor and middle class person. These laws are designed to make farmers slave and give the monopoly of food production, and control over supply and demand to few big capitalists.  This will create inflation rate skyrocketed and hunger, starvation will become the biggest problem in India since majority of the people would be unable to eat and fulfill their basic needs. Farmers will sell at the cheapest price and we consumers, urban people will buy their production at insanely inflated prices. It will generate more and more poverty and unequal wealth distribution which is already in a disastrous condition
True Freedom to Farmers ..
Kisan Majdoor Ekta Zindabad stand with Farmers 
You said that Bihar's farmers sold their produce for a lesser price than the other states after the abolition of APMC. That makes sense because the government of other states purchased the crops at MSP at the expense of tax payer, at a higher price than a private entity would pay without MSP.
Khalistan Khalistan and Khalistan alone is the only solution to protect Sikhism and Churhda Punjab.
Save farmers and support them.
You receive lots of love from farmers because you deserve it.
2- Stubble burning and subsequent surge in air pollution in and around the NCR region cannot be dealt lightly, neither in short run nor in long run. The approach should be accommodative, cooperative, judicious and participatory to tackle the issue involving Every stakeholders but these farmers have been reluctant or rather insensitive to this perpetual problem.
Keep it always with farmers
Next bill would be if anyone speak against BJP that would be no more.
No fixed income for farmers. Everyone gets fixed salary. Repealing 3 law doesn't make any sense.
Zee Tv means godhi media at one time Modi said Ab ke baar Trump sarkar now where is your Trump as well as your America. 
My Gosh! Never thought I would hear such an ill-informed, ill-advised and self-contradictory piece from SG which lacks in the overall understanding of things. BJP made this an issue of national unity? Nothing can be farther from truth. Who haven't seen videos giving calls in the name of Sikhhi as far back as October or November? I guess these protests have only shown that how fragile Punjab has been all along.
i kno wire would have got more ppl supported the bill but as usual wire show only those ppl who are against the gov
this distrust among them for themselves indicate that it is not really the farmers who are protesting. because those people who are protesting, believe that farmers will start selling crops to private companies.
Can someone who understands this bill completely tell me why only the farmers of Haryana and Punjab are protesting while farmers from Maharastra, Mp, Up, and many others don't have a problem with this bill. Is this bill in some way affecting farmers of only these two states?? Or this bill only applies to some type of harvest which is predominantly grown in these two states. Pls don't give any political answers. Reply only if you have some valuable insights. Thx
Bcoz once it's implemented 80% will start getting benefit and their life would have better at the cost of these 20% big farmers.
After all it's the government to decide about the laws it's our duty to support the farmers as of farmers are the backbone of a nation Stand for them and support until the results are out
I support Modiji and his decisions.
2. If the imports are more in regards to oilseeds etc, why can the govt increase the MSP levels to incentivise our local farmers to produce such stuff?
No vote for bjp in up uk punjab and goa
The Hero of Green Revolution and the guy who brought India out of Imported food crisis and made India Self Dependent raising Farmers level High was Rafi Ahmad Qidwai and later Chowdhry Charan Singh did a nice set up for Farmers welfare
In all developed countries (democratic or not), governments all provide huge subsidies to their own farmers. Farmers are a country's backbone and national treasure, only India treat them as burden and trouble.
8. LAST STRONG POINT : as you mentioned the mandi system and  farm bills passed are going to run paralelly, why are those so called "farmers" whining and crying and afraid that the mandi system will stop . if farmers love Mandi system , they will only sell through mandi system right ? and mandi system shall prevail. the people "so called farmers" are afraid that their syndicate of corrupt practices will stop in the mandi system..
Tried by all means to weaken agitation, also by bring split in farmers.
That one person holds lots of 100 dollar bills in his hand looks like thousands of dollars. If that was any other country or Afghanistan before the taliban he would have been robbed.
We are eating the farmers effects government should understand  I praised my farmers I love them let's God save them I think the government are eating----------f
Creating laws to protect farmers is not enough unit it is being followed strictly as India constitution has so many laws which are not implemented/followed at ground level. 
Jai kisan  this is what peaceful protest can do. Congrats to all the farmers u guys are real heroes.
Pakistan & Pakistani Nation are always stand with Indian Sikh Farmers ... !
This is aggression and expansion.,the Talibans should put their house in order.They fight the border war first with PAKISTAN as the Pashtun talibans are already in Pakistan as civilians.WHATEVER HISTORY HAS DRAWN ,AS THE DURANLINE ,IT IS A QUESTION OF SOVEREIGNITY AND INTEGRITY THAT PAKISTAN HAS TO WARD OFF ALL THE ATTACKS.OF ANCIENT CONQUEST REVIVED BY THE TALIBANS ,MUST BE CRUSHED BY THE PAK ARMED FORCES TO PRESERVE THE    PEACE SO THAT PEOPLE TO LIVE IN PEACE.,
Honestly government have to suspend this SDM and give him punishment with duty to serve victim farmers in hospital !
Jo Kiya wo kissano ke liye especially for small farmers ..
ways never force decision, it always gives an option. Those option could be farmers insurance instead  of the bill so 
Look Japan . Japan's back bone of development is farming, they grow Faster in any situation. Because they from a practice controled agriculture. They earn money and they ensure their food grains and veggies not loose to waste. All are they developed by cooperative societys , they support for farmers to credit, farm, and marketing. That's the reason japan as super power. But here in india all the farm less people thinks that he or she is the king or queen.
Im shocked Canada didnt have protest given the large Punjabi population. Since most Indians in the US are Gujarati
Make workers and farmers angry then you can imagine what will happen. If you don't want SOVIET India then support farmers and workers too don't make them hungry.
 THANKS AFTER A LONG TIME YOU SHOWING FARMERS NEWS, NORMALLY  AAJ TAK DON'T COVER OUR POOR FARMERS NEWS, BECAUSE YOU ARE BIG PEOPLE ISN'T IT.
These are not farmers
Why didn't the government of Haryana and Punjab abolished MSP decades back like all other states? Who is to be blamed?
Support Farmers. 
MODI ADANI AND AMBANI ARE BIRDS OF THE SAME FEATHER. MODI SHOULD BE MADE ACCOUNTABLE TO THE PEOPLE OF INDIA.
The only purpose of subsidized grain is lack of employment and purchasing power in rural area everyone watching this atleast 90% will be from city. So the problem is with the government they dont have the intention to subsidize the poor even education is being defunded. 1 ltr of milk is sold in wholesale market for 21/liter(average of all india) and now calculate the price that you pay everyday. Govt is getting taxes and hafta, middlemen are getting free commission and the hardworking farmer gets nothing only a loan on his head while modi malya roam freely. Watch punya parsun bajpais video when he proves how 2.5cr is spent every hour of spreading propaganda instead this could be spent on poor but the game is keep the poor hungry and uneducated. 
My eyes Got wet , Ajit ji  seeing respect towards u , and see how farmers are happy !! appreciate all who supported this historic cause !!
Best coverage video of farmers protest so far
'Sukhbir Agro' of Sukhbir Singh Badal had an income of at least 5000 crores annually. He was the commission agent between FCI and farmers. His company used to get 2.5% commission. All the warehouses belonged to him. No farmer could sell even a Kg of wheat to the FCI without the tag of Sukhbir Agro.
If the market works magically and without monopoly, why is there a preference for procurement? Deep down supporters of the laws give arguments that why only Punjab and Haryana get to enjoy procurement. In doing so even they concede that market prices arent as remunerative for farmers than procurement prices. If you yourselves know it then why do you support such ill thought reforms? Most industrialised nations implemented these reforms and the small landholders were wiped out in a few decades. Unlike wisdom of Shekhar and the Sanghi lot, in industrialised nations only the large landholders have eventually survived. What plan does the government have for the people from the villages who will eventually lose out their small holdings as privatisation and commercialisation makes their land holdings unviable? China had a plan, had skilled their population, what do we have? In fact during covid it were the villages that sustained most of the immigrant labour that came back as cities couldnt provide for them. 
Ppl protesting here non r farmers...
Unfortunate really it's unfortunate,taking back  the very helpful bill,so sad.....these farmers will never understand n they want to stay under dark only...so sad
I hope someday you can do some honest reporting. Today, sadly, I don't see that happening. The sheer unpopularity of these protests is what you don't show. The absolute need for farming reform is what you don't cover. Media loves drama and they are playing this up to fill airtime in India. Your echo chambers here transmit their agenda to suit your tastes so you play it up.
Only punjabs and parts of haryana are not the only farmers in India... These farm laws is going to help the poor class farmers... These people think every farmers is having same problem but nope if you come to bihar and odisha there situation are so worst... These so called farmers are only thinking about their profits... Not a single person protesting would have read the bill completely..
I guess it is the most peaceful, organised and genuine protest in the history of India, if not in the history of the whole world. I mean why do u want to pass the bills if the ppl being affected by them are not happy , r u out of your damn mind???
Power and support to the farmers. 
Patgetic khatara govt. Cannot even give compensation to farmer who died due to barbaric lathicharge injuries . What to expect.  Farmers will not remain enslaved and keep get hitting on their heads
BJP is now bigger than India. A BJP PM can say that Indians were ashamed of showing an Indian passport. But you can't criticize BJP
Give it back fair and square. India did not raise it with ambassador, INDIA SUMMOM AMBASSADOR. Mind your business ... you fool. Ask this irresponsible man how many bills and what he know about the bill(s). He needs NDP support. Power hungry. Canadians must stand up and put him in his place. Stick your nose one more time, you get it back...right term ... 'Canadian Pappu'
the reality was explained wonderfully Sir .educating farmers is first step to be taken..where our govt will never do....
Ravish is the real Iron man of New India!!
It's a loss for poor farmers.
Now other farmers will protest to get them back
Mr Khachhar never uttered a single world that deserved him to be chief minister.  He is most absurd person in politics When centre abolished article 370; his reaction was " now hariyanwi can go get a kashmiri women. it tell me he has no respect for women, whether  they are at home or elsewhere in country. To protesting farmers He said they are Khalistanis , and he is still CM.
2. Msp (or minimum support price) was *not* removed in the new bill. Anybody can cross check this.
istandwithfarmers
Only Punjab, Haryana and W. UP has opposed.
Our farmers sleeping on road in cold and rain, 20 farmers died. It's so sad we are suffering because of our own government.
Where was Anna Hazare  during the farmers struggle? He was not seen or heard around. Hiding, hibernation? Afraid of Modi?
God bless India farmer!
He is right just give one good alternative of Modi and BJP will loose election
Very unfortunate that the BJP Government had to reverse the Farmer's Laws. These laws were actually game changer for Indian farmers and agriculture produce.
Indians living all over the world want justice for farmers. What breaks my heart is that PM Modi has not once acknowledged the agitation of farmers!!! How can the PM show such a indifference? How can he ignore the agitation going on for months ??? Its just unbelievable and unfair. The central government instead of trying to understand farmers has activated NIA investigation on people who are providing resources to these farmer protesters such as feeding, sanitation and other resources. The government wants to deter these protestors by attacking their support.
Lol. Your father gave suggestions.  But yet 10000 farmers in Punjab committed suicide in Akali dals time ...
Indian don't have required numbers of Fighter Jets And Helicopters, But we gift others. Everytime in Indian development and Scientific progress there is a huge advertising by our media and vote bank. We do little but speaks more. We have economic crisis but we spend money for Parliament and Other Projects for Afghanistan. Why should we pay TAX for it?
Government of India has to provide food and Shelters to Farmers. Delhi Government is responsible for their safety and security. Farmers are Indian citizens and they came to Delhi to show their disagreement to the new  farming rules.
Plzzz stay with the farmers...
It would have made more sense if he had sat with the farmers from the beginning. We wouldn't have lost 700 (farmers) lives.
Rip real farmers not brokers.
I don't see any female farmer protesting. Feminism?
Only YOGI SARKAR  BJP BEST SARKAR
Totally spineless from Modi and Amit Shah. Politics over poor farmers in the end. All for what, a seats in Punjab?
Now again farmers will sell tamato for 4 rupees. Congrates india we have again proved that we can never develop amd continue to live with colonial mindset.
My heart goes out to the farmers. How brave they are..... fighting, brave n courageous....
Excellent  We are with our Farmers  full support from Delhi  Kisan ekta zindabad 
We marxist leninists always fight for the students, farmers and workers of the world.
Please let me know why landless farmers protesting? It's the middlemen who will be most affected  by the procurement of produce outside mandis.
No Farmers 
Shekharji.  You have overlooked the real lesson we have learnt from this unfortunate episode. It is that money raised by vested interests and shared with religious entities can be more powerful than the will  of the people expressed electorally. But for the nexus between the middlemen in Punjab and the Gurdwaras, the financial support could not have mobilized to oppose the laws through protests on the ground.This is a dangerous development and the country should be alerted to this by journalists like you.
5) lastly the good amount of money the farmer will get (even in the initial days)can be used by the farmer to build secondary income like cattle farming, poultry or a processing plant etc. Or educating their children which will then create a new breed of highly educated farmers. 
Good evening sir. if our crop production is reduced due to the shades of beside farmer planted taku trees along side his field, is there any crop loss assessment can we get from him and which is the act that resolves my problem?
this is only for Punjab and up elections
Also, it is clearly written in the new farm laws, that in case of conflict the farmer cannot go to court- that right there is taking away the constitutional rights of farmers! 
Actually Farmers come out from the apmc and they have the right to sell everywhere and they have to participate with outside
1. Mandi : how mandi works? They have middle men who buy from farmers at their own liked price (not at price fixed by gov). Why this happens?
These people are not farmers. They are traders.
Moving from certain crops to other depends on many factors. Saying that moving to other crops like dalhan and tilhan which are also covered under MSP will be beneficial for all parties is a very one sided point of view. What is being said is definitely right but in theory. Pulses and oil seeds need more taking care of especially from animals. In my region there is a serious problem there is a serious problem of overpopulation of neel gaay, it's from the antelope family. Fencing and guarding doesn't help much with them as they are huge and fast. A small herd can rampage and entire acre in a few hours. There are so many such issues which deter the farmer from planting certain crops. And a lack of government policy on such issues brings no solutions..
Hahahaha... He paid to Sarpanch of that Village and some people... Nd still couldn't go there...kuch apni jgh reh ke bhi support krn lag re h... Kr le tu rally...
2) In the case of Ola or uber the product used in the transaction is expensive to possess i.e. a car. But in the case of food items, it is difficult to do that as the products are cheap and it is relatively easy for the farmer to go and sell partial goods in Retail Market. Retailers will also adapt to new challenges.
Knowing Modi,he does not take decisions based on elections.
Just think, where the rice for your biryani come from, the wheat for your roti come from...if cow is like your mother who give milk to drink, then farmer is like your father who give rice and wheat to eat...
West Bengal Kishan with Modi 
India Should reconsider it's decisions....moditva should  abrogate from india so indo pak relationship begins in good faith
Congratulations to Farmers, country is with them
But this will do not cater the problem of exploitation by buyers which won't buy produce at MSP or above MSP, because new bills do not provide legal backing to MSP. Hence farmers are protesting.
Election hai or kishan ek mohara hai
We support PM, farm laws are good
We have done a very good job all over Haryana. May God bless Haryana farmer Bai Aa with good health forever. Vahiguru Ji Ka Khalsa Vahiguru Ji Ki Fateh.
g) The net value of the apex body is the combined value of all farmers of the nation. 
Punjab vich Aam admi party win b.j.p out 
Only because of the arrogance, govt is not amending the bills, farmers are still protesting.... news media is sold completely... they have stopped showing farmers.
JAI HIND JAI YOGIJI GUNDAGARDI THAGBANDHAN NAHI
Really the greatest democracy Hero Rakesh Tikait
Modi is showing the talibani taktiks against our farmers
Very good news for India ,that Taliban return
These are the people who misguided the simple farmers and now are celebrating because they won against a specific person
Salute to those who were present there in Mandi House.It high time we all should show solidarity with the farmers.
Shekhar sir could plz plz plz make a Hindi version of this episode so I can at least convince my father and my fellow farmers that these bills are for our good.
Laws were not good sir..govt not even care about small section..  every farmer were  going against day by day.. that's why this step is taken...
It's huge failure for BJP govt just because of vote bank politics,.not expected from shri modi ji   
Imagine if same is done in India... still you will support it?
Literally getting Goosebumps. This is my nation and this is our culture.What a spirit.I was biggest fan of sachin from childhood but I don't care now.You people are my real idol.We got independence from British due to selfless sacrifice of thousands and we would have got it earlier if boot licking celebrities didn't exist that time.Jai kishan
Support and salute for this brave work and journalism chaukidar chore hai evm hatao bjp rss godse ki aulad bhagao desh bachao bjp rss sold India modi maut ka saudagar amit shah tadipar aditya nath terrorist are spreading terror root out of the country and send to Pakistan bycott ambani Adani lala ramdev products bjp rss ke sc st obc ke piththu mps bidhayako ki kutai save constitution and democracy jai jawan jai Kishan jai mazadur jai sambidhan
Was watching this on the day Farm bill was taken back
Long live the Farmers Movement!
But that doesn't mean, Farmers should wage weapons..
What struggle  by farmers  is!..
Good job my brothers farmers
What is he supposed to do with the farmers protest?
coward modi  punjab save all india nd now u torture punjab nd sikhs shame on u
Kisan phle smjh gye they bill..        Govt Chunav k time bill smjh payi..
Let the government  STOP THIS JOKE THESE PEOPLE ARE NOT AND I SAY NOT THE ONLY FARMERS IN INDIA THEY CANNOT HOLD A GOVT WITH BACKBONE TO RANSOM
Shame on these people for lying so blatantly. He blatantly lied that there is no video of car running over the farmers .... BLATANT LIAR
GReat farmers awesome let them out this terrorist government
What if the maximum margin between the price   that the end users pay and the price that the farmer gets is fixed by the government? Wont that prevent the reason for exploitation of the farmers and/ or the retailers, because the middlemen/ artia/ wholesalers/ retailers will loose the incentive to exploit the farmers then?
#we stand with farmers protest
Under peacock baba 1000's of farmers hv ended their lives, the new law will ensure the rest of them also live in misery! Show some respect to those who put food on your table. You shouldn't treat them so badly!!
Please save farmers
Farmers should sell their own produce as a cooperative
Govt. wanted to stop the suicidals , and poor living conditions of farmers. Govt. will not stop any subsidies or procurement through FCI, nor ration system. And all 138 crore people cannot depend on ambanis mall for buying rice and foodgrains. 
I'm also farmer and feel proud
Modi let them win modi has enough power to win but after that not some farmer protester but a whole commuty is going to be degraded in global level and that respect toward community is turn down
Oh boy, the CIA really messed it up this time, hurry, declare them farmers terrorist and sent in the trops 
Pronam ,you are also a family of  farmers today. MAY God bless you  and your family.
That SDM is a highly paid official so it doesn't concern him what or how those farmers are struggling in real life....and most others amongst the non farming public.
we can not sell it in other states because many of the farmers dont even have their own tractor so how can we afford the cost of transportation.
My father in law is a farmer in karnataka. He sells wherever price is good. Apmc never pays msp because the wholesale buyers never pay the price.  Cartel is really true. We never got what money and effort we put in. Apmc also pays after 60 days.  If my father in law sells directly then he gets money in 15 days. Sometimes he gets in 3 days... getting money upfront saves his expense.  No one is protesting in karnataka as we already have system to sell outside apmc and in another district.
4.After the contract if prices are up then farmers still have to sell for least price and it leads to huge crruption and is useful for brokers , mediators and whoever have power
It is very simple lower MSP of wheat/paddy and raises it for oilseeds and other items which are being imported right now. And keep the balance in such a way that farmers automatically diversify there crops.
A big thanks to Rajat Sain and Roohani  this reel will glorify the Flowers of our India  and all other countries Punjabis and kissans
not farmers anymore
1) If all farmers are against this bill means they will not sell there produce to private mandis , then how can these private mandi can exploit them.
Govt repelled 3 farmers andolan just to prevent Sikh and Hindu riots in Punjab and other states due to this andolan.
Modi has nothing to do with Hindus .Everyone watched his response post bengal hindu genoccide .Never spoken on Hindus welfare .Support yogiji,the only one hindu openely supporter .
80% of Indians dont know what are these farm laws first they should know this
Please do more news about this farmers protests .the world want to know about indian politics.
We support Kisan Protests from Denmark
A small family Farmer in the USA
Jaiho Rakesh tikaitji  vry true old model car can't use again it's only dumped  percent hats off to you 
*Police should stand down. They are caught in the politician puppetry Let the PUBLIC face the Farmer protesters, leaders & politicians who are protesting, disrupting traffic, creating ruckus... violence etc. Let Public face the violence, only then will the public take action against these fools and support the police*
Farmers are also citizens of India. The govt. should have to understand the reason of protest and people who eat today should thank a farmer. Violence is not a way to solve problem and farmers well know it. But indian govt. is not ready to confess its mistake.
#Support_Farmer_if_you_eat_food
Congratulations to all farmer.Thanks to Our respected  prime minister Mr Narendra Modi sir.
As a common indian I was very disappointed and feel insecure. No faith in supreme court and even in Central government. If These kind of kisan then no difference in devile and these kissan sorry to say
Just about right time to make a video on what is MSP!!!! Lol, could have made a few more on farmer protest and how harsh govt is to them...
But at first, big players will pay farmers more than the licenced middle man and let apmc die and then they will pressurise farmers!
Wow this is just amazing and on point information  shoutout vice news !!!!! I support Farmers protest
Guys, Please read the bill before making your opinion. If you are making your opinion based upon what other political parties are saying then, I would just assume you are doing politics, not caring about farmers and all. I am a farmer and I know that we are limited to sell in our area's mandi. Why can't I sell my produce to anywhere in India where-ever I like.
Meanwhile the migrant workers from Uttar pradesh who are working in the fields of Punjab and Haryana return to there state,vote for BJP and support farm laws. 
You can explain to Farmers.
Hurting the farmers? How? Ask us one question we cant answer: Nirmala Sitharaman, Yes, but you also need to get answers right.
Shows how incompetent Modi is. BJP lacks balls .
Last and not the least, the farmers saying they sold potato for rs 8 / kg is sold to end user at 40 is wrong. It all depend on the demand and supply. There are season when rates are so low that farmers have to dump it at any rate, but also the end user get the benefit of paying less for the same product.
Thank God that this protest brought people from all walks of life together for the farmers.
What will poor farmer achive marching to delhi. Nonsense.?
That's why only Punjab and Haryana's farmers are protesting.....
If educated IAS aspirants support three farm laws, than god save india.
Winning elections and governing the country are two different things in a country like India, SG!!! 
Happy to see that at least  some media  supporting farmers where most of them are biased and against farmers.
2. Time 4:45 .. as per my understanding the prices, quantity and quality of the product in contract between the farmer and the buyer is pre-determined as per the law. Hence supply and demand doesnt effect it. As pointed out correctly the surplus produce may not be accepted by the buyer at the same rate however that is where the APMC platform comes into picture again where the MSP is still applicable. Please correct me if I misunderstood the law.
Congress looted farmer that why lots of farmer die (Jada looto kissan se phir todha dhikane ke liye karz maaf)
Msp should  be given a legal status if you want to help farmers
I loved this video.... I want that you continue saying things upfront like in this video ... Don't manipulate facts like Dhruv Rathee etc to support some political agendas .... We come to youtube to find facts that we don't get from news media
We support our farmers...they are food givers....we all should support them....
Very detailed and perfect explanation of Farm Bills,
It is sad the farmers got nothing out of this because of their leaders ego.
Very informative video and fairly neutral. Thanks. Suggest to update the video based on the present scenario, wherein government has given an assurance of MSP. Further, important points are missed out,like the farmer is free to NOT get into an agreement with private entities, who could trap them in legalese. This is a very key point that needs to be stressed, in my opinion. 
This is a victory of farmers' unity.
3. INDUSTRIALIZATION: it may not be agriculture itself but can surely improve the life of a lot of people who were in farming previously as it will create job opportunities for millions to come out of agriculture and shift into comparatively higher value manufacturing as service sector is legendary bad at providing enough job opportunities especially to a population as large as ours (I hope you can relate it to india) and agriculture though extremely important for "LIFE" is very bad as a source of "LIVELIHOOD" so we should focus at trying to improve productivity of a farmer so that less and less farmers can also feed the nation and shift the rest into comparatively higher value manufacturing industry.
Finally they succeed..A big salute and thanks to all farmers who struggled alot to repeal farmer laws..this protest end up after one year..largest nd longest protest in human historyRIP all those farmers who lost their lives while struggling against these laws....i wish indian government will understand people to make their life better instead of ruining their life
Farmers are going to stay here 
Today the consumer class is silent. Apart from Punjab and Haryana, big and small consumers in other states are also supporting Modi because they still have religion and nationalism in their mouths.
Its all about giving advantage to big pvt players and you know them. Shame mudi govt they didn't leave our farmers.
It's not just one state election...it's the election of Punjab. It is really really important to gain power in that state to stamp down the Khalistan movement.
Farmer should utilise law of self defence.
Best law.. Great achievement for every farmers... Jaihind...
Stop defining farmers as per your suitability.
These farmers are actually from Punjab and Haryana
Only one solution, No vote for bjp. Bjp will loose state governments. Bill bapsi nahi to ghar bapsi nahi and MSP on 23 fassals in law. Indian from UK.
Dalal media ye kissan hai not farmer union, you godi media trying to defame anndata, you are real deshdrohi
Shame Delhi Police, Republic Day K Din Jaha High Security Honi Chahiye, Uss Din Koi Lal Qile Ma Chadh Gya, Aur Aaplog Kuch Nhi Kr Paaye?? A Big Big Failure Of Delhi Police.... Agr Farmer Protest ka Ya Haal Ha To Agr Terrorist Attack Hota To Aap Kya Krte??
Thank you for new bill #narendramodi ji
shame shame, they called farmers anti national, shame on BJP
How can v be happy when our farmers are struggling in the capital!!Shame on usWe should stand with our brothersJai Hind
Because msp or apmc is beneficial for only Punjab and Haryana.
bro .. election are coming in UP jab bengal mai election the to suddenly petrol price 12 rs se gir gaye  LPG ke prices kam ho gaye kaise ? election khatam hone ke bad phir prices badha diye gaye . election jivi . modi jiwah  wah modi ji
we stand with you modi ji. we are proud of you. 
Peer pressure of Punjab and UP election.
Because of anna movement in India against corruption,,, Congress rejected their is saying
Very interesting,  humble request please invite fresh    to  your  show  for   discussion  on current national political  scenario and pre & post farmer protest changing  in nation. I think  he is more eligible  for answering  your serious questions. 
We support farmers... 
Question: why did Bihar farmers not switch to the pulses and other vegetables if APMC acts are not there in Bihar since 2006 and the paddy price is low?
So my congratulations to every single farmer and heartfelt condolences to the martyered ones. 
India is Rejecting BJP.   
The central government should listen to the farmer's
Why sometimes onion became more than 100 per kilo and other vegetables at more than 50 per kilo. Simply the logic of APMC does not stand. MSP is here to stay and violent agitation on some hypothetical assumption is not acceptable. Thitrd why other states are not forthcoming with agitation. Fourth Punjab and Haryana are in the grip of organized syndicates of big farmers and since they are adversely affected they resort to such violent agitation.
What type of people are you BJPians? When he made the laws "YOU AGREED" When he repealed the laws "YOU AGREED" don't you have your own stand as an individual? Be a man not chaatukaaar.
The Indian media doesn't show this either, I really hope yall make out through this real soon. Lots of love and blessings from the PAK 
At 4:00, I want to point out there's a fallacy in the comparison with Munawar. The farmers are saying that the end of MSP will be the logical conclusion of the laws. No logic suggests that Munawar, if left alone, would make the joke that the MP police arrested him for.
Going wrong with farmers.
I knew that this farm bill issue is not black or white but it's entirely grey, Thanks for covering it, I would like  to show this to my friends.
Your discussion was not only illuminating but also inspiring. The three farm laws as on today stand scrapped. You have endorsed my hunch that the the agitation is basically engineers by rich farmers and middlemen especially from Punjab and Haryana. You missed one point that Kerala essentially a socialist state never legislated APMC Act. Hence, the farmers didn't have to offer their produce at designated marketplaces to licensed middlemen. One reason could have been: Kerala was not into subsistence farming of paddy.The other reason was must have been political which is that the entire focus of supporting the farmers was the farmers of Punjab and Haryana, may be because the people who represented the farming interests at the Centre were basically from these two states. So, the economic and political focus of green revolution was centred on these two states. I would say a partisan approach to a national issue. If farmers from other states were similarly engaged, there was no reason  why they couldn't have risen to the occasion. Again,  there is no reason why 88% and 70% of national procurement of paddy and wheat should happen from Punjab and Haryana. Time, the Centre distributed its procurement more equitably among all Indian states. This will immensely benefit Punjab and Haryana as their farmers will shift focus to other crops, thereby reducing the ecological burden on these states of growing rice and wheat. 
*If govt withdraws the farm laws. What next? What are Takait & goons plans for the improvement of farmers?? Are the planning new storage facilities, new markets, new crops, new connectivity, new method of disbursing payment...? Are they going to give up subsidies (fertilizer, electricty....)?*
3. Why the new bill does not tax the private players - but only the APMC licensed buyers? Is this not a big problem of the bill to force the farmers to sell to private players and make APMC irrelevant in long run?
Not every farmer is happy with this decision shame on PN and Haryana farmers
Why only #Kisan #Male is showing up in your video thumbnail? In the world of equality can't we show both Male and Female farmer?
Beautiful dear nice job god bless you for teaching us new Kisan bill
This is my first time commenting. I'm a new subscriber and I just found your Channel. I have a few friends in India and I plan on coming to visit India when the pandemic has changed, or is over with. As an American, I found India television to be quite different, {read very strange and odd}. Thank you so much for explaining this farm bill. You did an excellent job. And I also love your humor. Especially when you cough and said Pakistan real fast. That was very funny. I look forward to seeing more of your videos. And please know that your audience isn't just an India. But worldwide. In fact, I think you have quite a few Americans who enjoy watching your channel too. Keep up the good work.
It was much needed!! Considering what is going on in Punjab no one is focusing on what is exactly happening in the bills clarity is much required!
Every people is gonna to effect from these bill I am also a farmer and I also own 15 acers of farm land And I also go to farmers_protest after 1 week #support_farmers
700 DIED?? HAHAHAHA thats 2 per day! Toady is 20th November 2012- PLEASE GIVE NAMES OF 40 FARMERS WHO DIED THIS MONTH! LOL
Rich Farmers of two states got to decide the fate of poor farmers across India. That's exactly how a democracy should work, right?
They wanted to make violence. Our farmers are sensible and responsible,but misled by anti national elements. Wishing for the farm law problem resolve soon.
First, Change is rule life. Indian Farmar should upgrade as today's market scenario. They at least think why most of the intellectual person supports this bill and some of them not even in BJP? In democracy, it is too difficult to take reforms. We can't compite the world by old method and old technology. Farming should be a respectful income source not a compulsion
The godi media might not report this, but this protest gives me hope that all is not lost in our country.
I respect the Chairman of Rajyasabha and Deputy Speaker, But he has allowed and facilitated  parliamentary democracy to be Murdered  at both instances passing and repealed of Farm Laws... Better to resign than to follow orders...
Farmers need to store their commodity for atleast two months
A bjp supporter in me turned into indian again
2. Farmers can sell nationwide.
Farmers should withdraw their protest on 3 farm laws because as per PM these laws are good for farmers. So let them try and live with these laws and if there is any problem after an year or so, they can start fresh agitation pointing the  real problem evidenced.  Then the Govt cannot turn a blind eye towards farmers.
But farmers won't go back till MSP is covered under Law, despite having repealed these Laws.-As said by BKU leader
Love you Singh Nation Khalistan Zindabad love from Lahore Pakistan
IN THE END I WANT TO THANKS BBC AND OTHER MEDIA FOR SUPPORTING I MEAN REPORTING FARMERS PROTEST RIGHT FROM BEGINNING. THIS SUCCESS BELONGS TO U ALSO.
Exceptional,this movement is unparallel in history,leaders and farmers and all the supporters will get there due respect.Your hardwork will never fail,however hard govt.tries to malign with,today's Mann ki baat of PM HAS PROVED THE COUNTRY ,HOW MANY AGREED WITH HIM.They have disabled their likes and dislike.Dear Farmers,country stands with you.Praying God every moment to give to courage to stand against these goons,strong.
Foolish farmers of india
I want to see the reaction of BJP supporters of facing these factual realities.. ADVICE: Beware of the people who are still supporting BJP because they don't know the difference between Right and Wrong..They are Selfish and Mean.. So its good time to know and filter people around u
He should be promoted. Farmers shud be in farms and not on the roads. Disturbing the life of common people.......
Farmers in India are fighting for their freedom, against modi dictatorship
Prime minister repealed three farms laws  while wearing Pashmina Shawl and Khaadi ......Come on Dude 
Lol, they said that farmer's income is going to double but now this is happening. Maybe the farmers are so happy that they came on the streets in joy.
Some farmers ka nahi balki India whole farmers ka revolution tha modi ji
Farmers can protest peacefully,
I am anguished by the way the govt has been treating our farmers. This incident has crossed all limits. The question for me as an ordinary citizen is, what can we do to help the farmers.. We cant just sit back and shake our heads anymore
These rules are very helpful for my family, bcs we are small farmer 
Modi is a very egoistic person. He must be having some other plans to screw unsuspecting farmers.
Very candid opinion on Modi and BJP.
There's nothing controversial about the farm laws brought by Modi govt. Ironically, these farm laws were in the election manifesto of the very political parties who are opposing them now. These farm laws are sacred & solely aimed at benefiting the real farmers, not the goons you watch on tv who are disguised as farmers & are murdering, raping, destroying law & order, wrecking havoc in the name of protest. This mayhem is only limited to the 3 northern states of Punjab, Haryana & western part of Uttar Pradesh. Farmers of the Rest of country have no problems about these laws because these laws will potentially eliminate middle men who are taking away major portion of the farmers income from agricultural produce. It's an elaborate propaganda run by the opposition parties in India aimed at defaming Modi & India because they couldn't defeat Modi in elections & they'll never defeat him in the future too. BBC is a star endorser of these types of fake agitations because they're paid a ton load of money. Anti India forces like china, pakistan, khalistanis are heavily invested in these types of fake agitations & opposition parties in India are fully cooperating with such forces. They want to destabilize the country & they're doing quite well so far. I'm shocked to see the comments here in support of this fake agitation. It makes me realize how effectively this malicious propaganda is being run & managed. No one knows the truth. They're peddling lies after lies. These same people ran the fake black lives matter campaign, which was a sham by the way.
Real farmers in field s  , Rakesh tikayat making election stunts in up  by planning  Prashant kisore
Come on farmer 
SIR TOTALLY INSPIRED WITH YOUR STUDY AND KNOWLWDGE. YOU ARE A GREAT PERSON. NOW I CAN SAY THAT I CAN UNDERSTAND THE FARM BILL. THANKS
Well explained. One of the major issues here is, that the corporates will compel the farmers to use certain types of seeds, seeds that Bill Gates has managed to get Patents for genetically enhancing the quality of the seeds. They are expensive. He was expelled from ensuring that farmers purchase those seeds by a lady Vandhana Shiva. He is going to get a backdoor entry.
It's sane decision of farmers gp. As govt has been proactive to to enhance the benefits, it's expected to continue its efforts unabated.
He is the one who is trying to create Talibanis in India 
Your heading is wrong. Modi hasn't repealed the laws yet,  he has just announced that he will repeal
Rakesh tiket making alot of money from these protests. And he is coming in a political party.
I just have one question... why isn't the government agreeing to farmers' demands? How is the government benefitting by not listening to the farmers?
Duty magistrate's might be having some real issue with the farmer 
Sorry do your further search , there are farmers from Rajasthan, Madeyeah Pradesh etc. Are also joining in .
Reason is very clear be it SC, ST or the farmers they're absolute power and vote bank.
Rakesh Has expose himself badly again. If he again goes for election, people will give him less than 1000 votes. Sad to see government has repealed the reformist laws aim for poor farmers. God bless India .
congratulations to all farmers and specially  tribute to those who lost their life in this battle of livelihood
unfortunately SG this lecture is in English, farmers in punjab , haryana wont be able to understand easily. Sir make it available in hindi. Ultimate.
I'll tell you the ground reality of the farmer protests
Punjab just kept fulfilling the requirements of wheat and rice for whole india but couldnt do enough for itself. . 
The repealing decision can be done in different way by using dummy politics. To safe image of India not to laid down infront of protestor's either it's right or wrong demand from them. There must be executive and judicial system as well to Balance this mistake. This gives CAA protestor's to protests and get whatever they wanted
Stand with farmers...
There are videos of these so called farmers beating people to death. Why  is it only Punjab & Haryana, rest of the farmers are on their fields.
Finally Modi ji showed his real face.
keep doing, last govt change his rubbish decision on farmer rights
You are right.     BJP modi Amit Shah Yogi.  Desh drohi
I am here after repealing of farm bill
From this i am getting a feeling that farmers r not the one who actually are protesting but it is the buyers of these farmers are making them to protest stating that the farm laws will lead them to bad conditions? May b!!
7:40 These informal credit systems based on trust developed over decades. yes. So please be patient and give formal systems half a decade to be implemented. The results will be there to see. The reason these farm laws have been  brought up so early in the 5 years of this govt. is that there are 4 years before the next general elections, these laws would start bearing fruit and the farmers( 6% only of total) who are protesting over MSP will have no reason to complain by then. I'm not a big fan of any party but these BJP people are politically smart and they actually do things they say they will do
Indian government might not be supporting the farmers but all true Indians are supporting our Indian farmer brothers. Jai Jawan Jai Kisaan Jai Hind.
Modi ki election hue tab where social distance and mask ?
Shame on bjp government since 60 days past they.cannot take.decission don't blame the farmers they are half brain with frustration  why such government wait.till.datr
Ravish kumar is a real indian he looks for his country...2nd man was also very nice ..blaming taliban without knowing them is foolishness,they r gd people they want shariya in their country and want to gv women their rights according to Islam..but in previous reign they were unable to do that coz they had to fight with other groups generated by USA and india
why would a farmer travel inter-state to sell his produce, he knows that if his produce is perishable then he needs to sell it nearby as quickly as possible, so then the middlemen or traders can sell it to retails and consumers. You think a farmer is like "Mr.Bill Gates" that if you give him freedom, he will become a billionaire, you really think traders will not exploit them outside a regulated market like APMC. And is a farmer a corporate body with many departments like marketing and sales that he can go anywhere and sell his produce at the best price. This will be helpful to big farmers, but it will affect small farmers. and that Onion thing is utter nonsense, how can you allow so many middlemen and traders to just exploit the prices of commodities the way they want. that needs to be regulated as well.
I just want to ask them, where were you when farm laws and government need your support....
I see clear path to victory for AAP in Punjab.
A minister making bombastic, threatening statements. His son providing the muscle to dispatch all opposition to smithereens. Police working hand in glove with the perpetrators. Godi media making wild accusations.
This is farmers awakeness . Big effect on consumers so we should support our farmers .
Congrats to farmers and their leaders.
It is such a big blow to farmers withdrawal of farm laws, again poor farmers are targeted. Now we are not sure how long these farmers  have to wait to come out of there issues  and lead  a good life . I was so happy that Government was firm on Farm laws till 19/11/2021. If it is for election then it is not  a good decision. If it is due to Khalistani elements they have already done lot of atrocities in that last 12 months. I am not sure what more they are going to do. But I was not convinced on the fact that it is removed for elections, but we will have to wait for few more days to get full information.
This is how monarchy works. Thanks BJP Thanks Yogi
PM Narendra Modi ji is the best PM of our country. We are lucky that we have a PM like Narendra Modi who always try to make our country developed and progressive  but today we are being deprived of that progress because of the loofahs of power like Congress,Tukde Tukde Gang, AAM aadmi party
Wt u guys r thinking with ur head who will be the price disider farmers or companies
how can give such a speack after killing all the farmers
Sir Gujarat ke farmer and PepsiCo wla case ko bhe smjhae
We lack terribly in holding fort ourselves, in protecting family, friends, neighborhood, state, nation and the worlds sanctity. Lack of inclusion of culture and ethics in our teachings, under the guise of secularism, this allows us to easily fall prey to any sort of lure and we in turn try to find appeasement in search of alternatives in looking for luxury and laze. Each child needs a healthy and strong mind, the lure of wealth need not move him/her. The best way a child learns, I hear is by aping. So the owness falls on the shoulders if the parents, which means that parents have to follow the path if righteousness. This is easy to say, i am aware. We have to stop fraudulent and easy lifestyle and stop falling prey to all sorts of appeasement. It's difficult but let's all pledge to begin. One Modi cannot bring about the much required change, we need to be good civilians, administrators, strong and upright armed forces, judiciary, all and sundry. Ready to lay our lives if required not only on our borders but also in our homes, neighborhoods, states and nations. With a target of a 'Vasudeva kutumbakam'. Don't you think that the little youtubers were already warning us of groups of people wanting to be and remain rich by controllingthe masses. We can already see our weak Indian structure easily falling down around us everyday. Not one desh bhakt was found ready to lay his life, without a thought of the consequences and not let any other flag be raized on the Lal Kila an Indian monument on Indian land. Shame on us Indians.
Modi pranked nation badly.  Nation lost and reapeal will damage punjab and haryana more than anyone.  If reforms can taken back by anarchy tjen nations progress is in danger.
Even Indian media is prejudice against farmers
Pls support to our farmers 
Now farmers have negotiating power in Mandis ?.  We have seen farmers throwing on roads when the price of tomato crashed to less than a rupee at Mandis.  They could not even recover transportation cost, where was negotiating power.  Now the mandi cartel decides what rate.  If existing system is so good or just good, why are farmers committing suicide.... Oppose for the sake of opposing or opposing is itself an opportunity to make money...
True God died 4 all our sins n arose on 3 rd day billions believe him n sure in heaven,yet some reject
Why the modi government is turning a deaf ear to the plight of the farmers
No food no life we support farmer
But currently our politicians are extreme corrupt. they increase their salaries at any time in parliament but don't want increase income of farmers. They got fund from corporate, then why govt or politician think about of farmers income growth.
Btw I also belong to a farmer family in neighbouring state
India is with the Farmers.
First of all, please tell me what were those 3 laws that was Introduced by Govt. of India (NDA), None of you know. If so, then you don't know what to do with it untill you saw them protesting. I have no proof that they were not farmers but do you have a proof that they were farmers. If so then who was growing those fruits, vegetables, food grains and more if all (in majority) of them were at protest. You guys know nothing neither those people who were protesting and Rakesh Tikkait seems to be a politician more than a farmer. This is being done all because of money and money which is paid to them by parties and international groups and these media's have no work instead of spreading poison. They have ruined the lives of people more than making it good. Both the oppostion and the government and involved in this mutually and it's alp there way to rule the country and making the people fool. As i can see, you all are getting too. It's neither a win  of  farmers( so called) nor a defeat of the rulling party (NDA). It's all politics.
If the kisans dont want to end the agitation let them continue . Kisans form part of country. Tikait awaits orders from congress to end andolan.
The first time in NDA era, the govt is being paid back in its own favourite coin - indifference to the cause of others. Irrespective of the nitty-gritties of the new farm laws, I whole-heartedly support the agitation. Narendra Modi deserves this slap on the face.
I support the farmers but this happened on Indias Independence Day thats what Wrong to do specially what happened at the red Fort kinda reminds me of Trump supporters trashing the capitol building
I am a farmer too, and I strongly supported the farm laws. But it's impossible to explain certain sector of farmers as they lack education. Now Taliban should take over India if CAA isn't taken back, right? Poor farmers in Audi and BMW were seen protesting.
We all stand with farmer
Did you even read the farm laws? Do you even know that the people who are protesting in India are rich middlemen who take commission from small farmers. Do you know that the laws actually prohibits large corporate companies from monopolising agriculture industry in India.  Farmers do not have to pay any tax but now the commission agents will have to pay. Hence this protest. By the way...only 2 states are protesting...all the farmers in other states of India are not.So I conclude....You know nothin' Jon Snow!!!
It's very disappointing that due to political interest farmers has been again pushed back to the trap of middle men and polical leaders having tie up with them. It's regressive
Dumi adhigrahan  law is failed in 2014 so modi has brought  new farm Bill's in 2020. Modi himself  asked central government  when Manmohan  singh sir is pm at that time law for msp according  to swaminathan commity. ( c2+50%) formula.  But now u turn.unlimited stock of food grain is equal raise price of food grain for command people. And huge profit to stockest.
We support farmers rightful agitation against draconian new farm bill
Sikhs of the world u are lions of india do not back down stand ur ground demand khalistan
#Supportfarmer #AgainstThisprotest
Probably Mr. Khattar  havent read the history well and do not know the fact that Haryana was a part of Punjab itself....Now that Haryana is a different state doesn't mean that the farmers will divide their outlook unlike BJP government wants..!
Farmer should call off protest now..
2)(empowerment and protection) agreement on price assistance and farm services act - 1. Enable contract farming - eg. E choupal 2. Price assurance even before sowing 3. If higher MP, entitled to it than one in contract 4. Transfer risk of market unpredictability - due to prior price determination 5. Access to modern technology, better seeds and inputs - due to Investment by private companies 6. Reduced cost of marketing - due to assured sale 7. Effective dispute resolution - with clear time of redressal 8. Impetus to R&D in agri sector 9. Clarification - - farmer will have full power in the contract to fix SP - empowering the farmers - FPOs will help - local DSR and no need to go to court Issues - 1. Farmers not empowered or educated to negotiate with corporate sector 2. Inputs like seeds, fertiliser etc might come under corporate hegemony 3. Corporarisation might bring uniformity - ruining the diversity of agro practices in different parts 4. Exploration of farmers 5. Economy of scale is required - but 85% farmers are S&M 
Hope others also understand this.  It looks that farmers will be really benefited and farming becomes a profitable business..... 
They all r  not Farmers
Free khalistan from india.
Thanks against the farmers U give great misleading information
Law 2 also not an issue as there are many companies are in contract with farmer, like PepsiCo,  nestle, ITC, HUL. The new farmer bill will provide more wide range and with abiding new law farmers can have contract with the private companies, with higher profits
Please i request to international media to take this protest as far as possible ....indian media has been bought by government and large corporates of india
Farmers won=India won=BJP lost
Farmers are doing protest peacefully , they did nothing and still welcomed with tear gas
Maine government, opposition, farmers union and media (BHAAND) sbse farm bill ke baare me  suna but hr trf propeganda, prejudice, misinformation hi sunne ko mila pr yaha pr factual information hindi me mili hai .. itni aasan bhasha me smjhane k liye aapka bahut bahut aabhar 
- Govt should acknowledge its mistake and the death of farmers. More than 700 martyred farmers' families should be compensated.
Godi media.... Levl decreasing every day
government should define the legal laws in simple way that farmers can understand which all private companies should understand
No food no farmers 
Was really hoping for Vice to cover these protests. It is winter season in north India and in the capital temperature regularly drops to 5 degrees. These farmers get shot at by tear gas and water cannons in this weather. There is a huge risk of Covid outbreak as well and yet the government just won't listen. All the moves these days are to benefit the big industrial families. The farmers did not ask for these reforms and the government is simply creating problems to provide solution. 
Sikhs no longer stand at borders for India as you though but now you all know they stand at borders to protect Punjab but if anyone gets past Delhi it's Indias own problem no Khalistan problem. The foreign investment for Khalistan shall be the n ira billions as we have taken over the block chain and creating cryptos that will keep all banks and invaders at bay. We are too smart for the world...just ask Britain government how very clever Sikhs. We build our wealth and now have the deepest pockets to take over economies and close them down 
nice for farmer use
Rakesh Tikait is great farmer leader like his honourable father
The police man who is beating old farmer is not son of his real father harram ka pila
farmers holded a good debate. they are answering all question nd are totaly well informed.
Government should not allow hoarding of crops/pulses as small farmers without quantity or storage would be vulnerable. Also make MSP legally binding in Contract Farming too.
Salute to all farmers.
We support Farm Law, and BJP Government
But farmers are not understanding this.
Farmers, Congress and AAP shocked 
Nothing but fooling the nation.    Everybody is only trying to prove to which gang or which party the criminals were, rather than immediately finding the truth and punishing the criminals.   Considering the anti-farmer attitude that the new urban and social media India has, these incidents happening is not surprising.    Not sure whether the Modi and Yogi brigade considers this as a great achievement of developing UP.
Repeal the laws of Kisan dont want it
Those farmers laws aren't draconian in nature. Actually, it's exactly the opposite. Those laws are boon to the farmers.
DOES IT REALLY TAKES A YEAR TO UNDERSTAND THE DEMANDS OF FARMERS .SUCH A PITY ON THIS GOVERNMENT
Hardliners will see Modi as weak and support for Yogi to be the next big Hindu leader will increase. Finally, Modi gave opposition something to celebrate.
Red salute to the comrades on farmers march...
Ye sub Mukesh ambani ko khush krny k leay is modi bhen chod ny kia ye farmer act I am standing with punjab farmers
Lies of dump of modiji please go out from the post of pm along with yourselves
we support farmers and yes it was good idea to show your strength and should have burnt down red fort--- 
  We have to industrialise the rural India. We have to reduce the area under crops to maintain the demand for the farm produce as Taiwan, South Corea and Israel have done.China also, which name these days we don't like at all.
Only discussed Selective issues which are in favour of so called farmers. The laws have many good provisions as well. I think issues should be discussed holistically free from bias to any stakeholder.
We are with our  farmers
Who's here after the farm laws are repealed
Farmers r working in fields...not protesting.....all foreign funding to unrest in india these things r happening...
As far as I am concerned I am disappointed that the laws were repealed. But then who am I to complaint I am not a farmer.
Tv media is dying...people are shifting to individual repoters of social media. Zee is nothing but a loyal pet of govt.
Beating farmer with stick What are you called security
Shame on the Indian police throwing stones and beating peacefully protesting farmera
Congratulations to farmers
Dock media should reach Modi on this message!
if agriculture subject is state ,how could central government make laws on it .Apart from that , without the gurrrenty minimum support price how it can double the income of farmers.
wrong message and wrong time. this only shows that no matter you win by huge majority, you still cannot pass any bills or laws if there are protests by negative forces with ulterior motives. huge loss of face and demonstration of weakness by Modi for bending down to Khalistanis calling themselves farmers....a very dangerous precedent........
My condolences to those 700+ farmers who lost thr life while protesting.
But when did you list out the benefits of the new farm bills..?? 
Guys, watch Faye Desouza's discussion with P. Sainath. He addressed all the three perils of this Bill- which Meghnad presented as pros here- 1. The destruction of APMCs, 2. What CONTRACT farming did to our farmers and our food crops across the country, 3. Essential Commodities act removal now also means black marketing and hoarding in addition to what's happening with the lack of MSP.  This is a total mess.
With this move BJP might not win the next loksabha election
Has Vox covered the role of middlemen in the previous laws and how they squeeze the farmers and how the new laws take them out of this squeeze. If not covered then it is sony propoganda. Both views should be given
this triseries is damn good , gonna recommend it to everybody who argue that farmers are wrong
The Farm Laws PM Modi had introduced have Minor Errors in them and they have to be corrected through a series of Amendments that will solve the Farmers' unrest ! Repealing the the Laws may or may not be the Appropriate Decision !
you shouldn't generalise farmers of whole country for some so called farmers who have done anything wrong.
But in the end of day it's farmers who decide which system they want to continue .. by selling their products to APMC they can keep apmc alive and kill the bill why protest for a parallel ecosystem where it boosts the economy for building up new food processing industries
But let's wait for his next innovative steps for the welfare of farmers...
time for Modi to repeal himself and move back to let Yogi, Amit Shah, Himanta, etc to step up and take up leadership to regain confidence and not be afraid to take tough decisions for the country.....
2. How easy will it be to deal with corporate, even for a group of farmers?
Farmers had lack of commercial education about agriculture, Investment and technology, then farms laws showed the farmers to leave the agriculture sector, but today farmers showed, they are becoming educated, this is very good. A big revolution as 21st Century demands for India is on the way.
We support Modiji. Let each state decide what they want. Some Gunda States andcfactions are trying to control. Label every states agricultural products and then the electorate will show how much the laws are required
First of all my sincere respect and support to farmers
OME FARMER DIED AND NO POLICE MEM WERE DIED.....BUT BOTH WERE INJURED....AND THAT MEN DIED TLDUE TO GUN SHOT GO AND SAW HIS PHOTO DUE TO WHICH HE LOST HIS BALANCE ON TRACTOR
This jahil ticket and his group will not stop untill they get focus and election ticket.... Thier sponsorers giving money for this expensive agitation do not want to stop this agitation.... Most the farmers are against this protest like us... If these rich jahil farmers do not leave the border court must intervine and kick these idiots out of our delhi border...
Frauds , Its not Broker pay the tax . Farmer pays the Tax. Brokers are buying it from farmers less price . If he sell outside , he will get good price . 10 Janpath Salve . Stop this nonsense
Plus green revolution happened because farmers income increased immediately but this time while shifting to some sort of organic farming farmers are reluctant cause the only thing they are seeing is drastic change without changing their earnings .
so in short the agriculture sector was in shit and the current govt reform pissed off the farmers even more
Kisan andolan matlab sajish ..this could be part of conspiracy to get political benifits against yogiji...
I support my farmers.
This is all just saddening.. congratulations to all the farmers and consumers 
Most of these protestors don't know the 3 farm laws. And most important these farmers are also citizens, they should do this protest peacefully. What they did in 26 Jan is a shameful act. If they are civilised then they should do the protest in a civilised manner. That's all
#Farmers protest
i see lot of people grieving here.. . I want to ask one thing. lets say a bunch of ignorant people(farmers), out of which majority does their work honestly and are actually contributing something good for their community. Now out of courtesy and kind of power you have you want to do something good for their future cause they have been denied of good returns for their work. You come up with a plan from people (policy makers, bureaucrats) with extensive knowledge about the agriculture and farmers. Would you just supress farmers to accept those reforms or just will advise your reformers to explain what those reforms are and how it can benefit in the long run. Cause you have power you wouldn't let opposition debate on this that's fine wo sab galat hi bolenge . But how about live debate with few leaders of these farmers and stream it  for all the people around country so that each person can see what is actually going on. 
Bjp wala smjh gya tha mere promoter and supporter follower km pdne laga to apna kanoon wapas lena pda
Big fan of AK but want a clarification as Raghav sir told on a TV debate that we did not pass 3  bills in Delhi,so Delhi farmers are not protesting
A well planned step by RSS...they are asking more than MSP....the govt will finally agree to pass the law and then the drums will roar saying RSS has helped the farmers
Subse pehle to tractor rally owl Gandhi ne nikali thi , all these people should be arrested they have provoked these people.
Interest of farmer,some food,not full list
Like Imran khan legalized TLP, Modi g should also legalise khalistan..
With budget people are not happy but godi media is very happy
I was touched to see farmers growing crops on the side of the road! Once a farmer always a farmer!! Salute to you sirji!!
Thanks modiji,these laws were to dangerous for all farmers...
         OMG ! Pardon me for voting BJP in the last elections on the behest of Badal Dal. 
Let me get this right, Govt doesnt have the political will and is unable to provide food and opportunities to the poor during a effen pandemic but they had time to blindside everyone and pass the ''farm bills''.
As farmers if we are still dependent on a company/govt to solve our problems it would never happen. Lets do it ourselves. Lets come together to create fpo with no entry for politics inside it to make sure it benefits the farmers with policies created by the farmers. The policy makers are never farmers and they never understand the ground reality, so let the farmers make it themselves and contain it locally.
I am continously watching Indian media crying, repenting, spreading hate against Pakistan Taliban's.like they become restless after this victory. Plz focus on your own issues then show involvement in other matters.
never forsake your farmers as they are the ones who care about your country the most, and they know how to force change when they want to unlike city folk
This is actually one type of politics.  Some countries are supporting ..like America rusia all ..they r playing actually and trying to destroy our india supporter
3rd Bill is very Dengerous for every Indian..
All farmers who are supporting this, and those who didn't support this,
After One Years of Farmers Protest
So media is there not to raise voice for farmers.. but for there damn TRP
Waste Modi farm Bills 2020...
Save Farmers Save Food Save Humanity
Modi did right. Modi needs Sikhs regiment for China front. There was a rebel goin on in Sikh regiment as well. Modi will bring back the bill in a diff form.
Godi media count down start kr lo apna
Election Ke Baad bill Fir Ayega
This win is not only of farmers but a tight slap to democracy villian like Kangana , godi medias. Today my respect for gandhian philosophy increased. Salute to our nation annadata. Jai jawan jai kisan jai vigyan.....
When you dont listen to your people or give them some kind of positive feedback,  people are bound to lose patience. However in this regard, I suspect some troublemaking hooligans were paid to incite the protesters by becoming violent. I wish our leaders behaved in a more responsible manner. Ofcourse they saw this coming. That's why most of the media channels have been broadcasting the farmers protests in a poor light. Why can't the Modi government repeal these laws? Are these laws above human lives and nations peace? Is modernisation and economy so important that you will disregard that its these farmers who are working hard day and night to bring out these crops. If the protesters were provided with proper channels to exhibit their protesters and not made to sit outside Delhi for months in the cold, then other political parties with vested interests wouldn't have used them as a way of creating trouble. This protest is meant to be the voice of only the farmers and is meant to peaceful. When the riots were breaking out where were our leaders hiding? If they had let them in and spoken to them would this have happened? Violence is not justified in form. But incitement to violence and pushing someone too far is a form of crime in itself. How can you progress in a country where the leaders are not sensitive and compassionate towards its farmers ?
Haryana, lots of love from Punjab
My great salutes to Incredible Indian farmers. Thanks q so much with my humble regards. I highly obliged to all of you.
Modi is uneducated and he has destructed the whole Country. My heart bleeds that Punjabi cannot go to their own CAPITAL. This is not democracy.
I have to translate many of your amazing video when I saw and discussed your content here in Germany and Europe with my friends and they showed great interest and also asked why no one here talked about all this about india and Indian support issues, I think international language like English can be great help ,
Very nice Dr. Manish babu and Tripti Ma'm for demystifying the darkness over kisan bill in quite peoples' friendly language.
All my village people are with Modi ji
My village farmers are really happy about this laws
Really nice explanation. Thank you for your efforts. Can you please also explain what the new bill is. What is the reason for protests? I am not able to understand how can this bill cause problem for farmers. Thank you.
Ek protest GODI media ke against bhi honi chahiye
One thing you forgot to mentioned,  according to the first law, in case of dispute in the contact, farmers can't go any if the Courts for a resolution. They can only bring the issue till DC. Imagine farmers taking a case against Reliance or Birla to DC for resolution. Who will win? Exploitation could be at mass level.
bjp must read history before messing with punjab
Tenant farmers unable to sale their corps at MSP ,coz they are landless,they cultivate land of others by borrowing money from private source.
The farmers are adamant...not ready to come to a compromise..especially the farmers from Punjab....they are arrogant..basically they more rich than farmers from other states..
It has given the opportunity where the farmers have the right to sell their produce in any market across India which also includes the APMC
I m proud of my prime minister...Jai hind jai modi ji
Farmers protested very peacefully for a long period but government didn't heed to their needs.  Many farmers died due to the cold weather conditions.
   c. Other than punjab and haryana no other state charge district fees and market cess and they charge only commision 
Farmers ,reduce their production volume. 1 better land owners cultivate only in quarter land. Reduce the availability of products and make the life a hell in urban living.Then the blind rulers open their eyes
Please also protest for farmer workers minimum wage up to 20000 per month all hard work done by employees not Rich kidd farmers
Farmers are of the view that the reforms were made only for the benefit of the few and they were going to suffer the most as a result of such reforms.
Why indian farmers are carrying Canadian flag????
More than 150 precious Indian farmers loss their life due to the peaceful protest.Poor BJP Goverment unable to find the solution to the suffering people in India.Modi has sold the India to Ambani&Adani? BJP is under collapse
There is a case to be made against the notion that farmers will increase prices when demand increases. In the current APMC situation, APMC has to buy the products. But there is no such binding on the private players. It has so happened in the past that private companies declined to buy from farmers causing their produce to perish.
Everyone is telling we support farmer bhai support Ghar baath krr Nahi Hoga Jo log Delhi mien Kam se Kam Woh toh protest mien help krro
Sir what is your stand on MSP ? You come on tv and just beat about Bush on farmer's protest .
And seriously, the farmer protest is a farce.
Modis time has come to resign and let Yogiji take over! We are fed up with his appeasement politics.
God bless India And farmers
Political parties like AAP and INC all promised to bring these farmers bill earlier but they never fullfiled those promises.. 
Why then are farmers in Punjab growing rice because of subsidized power and water. That system needs reform badly.
This is strictly defamation of Country's fame. I don't support it whoever it did farmers or somone else. Shame on them...
Stop demonizing farmers BIASED media. Modi-Yogi-BJP have to go. Farmers will be victorious.
Look at the headline ,talks about farmers ,how about journalists, and others ? This is the situation of this databari media and netas.aaa thuuu....
Why dont the farmers grow something else. 
All students in our country should support to our farmers. Our students only having power to change any one. All advocates also should join with our farmers. This is my humble request for every Indian citizens
No farmers no food 
Thank you for supporting farmers.indian stand with farmers.
"Farmers across the country" - No dude, it's a sect of farmers/middlemen
Your information totally wrong,you are government side, you are godi media,I see your news from last 3 years  ,your are 99.9% government supporter
This is what when our ancestors said that everyone gets what they deserve. No point of feeling sad about farmers hardships anymore.  
Very good review..most so-called protesters n farmers don't know any of these things.. teaching them should be a priority
Modi will find ways to distract Indians, he will need TO CREATE SOME MORE BORDER WARS.
What about the initial part of video where those Suv s were literally running over a group pf walking farmers from behind? ! Whats this kind of reporting? Are nt u guys even a lil ashamed?
Farm laws nhi repeal karo toh dikkat aur karo toh dikkat. Are bhai ab band bhi karo yeh chutiyaps waise bhi bhot imp issues hai country main agar yaad ho toh. Unenployment suddenly koi issue hi nhi rha opposition walon k liye 
*Today is black day of our democracy, They insulted our flag in name of farmers, They are sponsored terrorists, Jis jhande ko bachane ke liye hamare itne veer 100 saal ladai ki, Unko yeh giraye hai yeh log, They insulted the soul our freedom fighters and jo abhi bhi army log sahid ho rahe unka bhi, Shoot at sight hona chahiye ab*
Congratulations to the anchor of this video. One day you will get the award from MODI. You forget what they did to India and focusing on one side of the farm bill. The entry of yourself in the farmer protest was one-sided. You are forgetting the meaning of INDIA also. Take your channel ahead... BS PEHLI FURSAT ME NIKAL LO. Zee news ya Aajtak se offer hi jayega ya kisi Modi k chamche se funding. How this bill passed? WHY they pass this bill during Covid-19. Think logically not only for getting the subscribers of MODI fans.
Jab agriculture bill ham farmers ko accept hi nhi hai to aakhir kyu ham par thopa gaya??....ham farmer protest ke sath hai
Even the comments below are talking about CAA, NRC. So a farmers need is hijacked to CAA, NRC etc..
I m from India and i m farmer in Punjab state 
infact abhijit's analysis is hogwash because bjp was anyway on its way to win UP and in  Punjab they never stood a chance. This decision has zero electoral benefit.
First time in my lifetime you disappointed me Modi Ji 
who thinks this will help farmers.....u will regret...i m a framer and i read the bills......these will definately ruin us....will make us slaves
RAKESH  TIKAT  JINDABADD
It's the right thing to do, agricultural reforms can't be done by forcing a shock on the system and the people. These reforms are required but has to be done by supporting farmers to become efficient
                 .... The nation who abuses its farmers has a very bleak future
Capitalist: contract farming is capital accumulation and exploitation of the farming society. Contractors keep prices low to maximise profits. 1998 deregulated Indian sugar industry did not improve farmers' income. Pursuit of profit drives corporates more than notion of public interest or democracy. 
We the nation stand in support with the Farmers
Feeling too sad about today's Modi's decision of withdrawal (repeal) farm acts. 
30 of our farmer brothers died due to harsh winters on streets...one sant Baba Ram Singh sacrificed his life by seeing the pain of farmers.....I support my farmers and I m from UP( India)..
I tried to understand farm bills from many videous.
PM Modiji, is right in repealing the Farm Laws, there's a time to stick your neck out, there's also a time to behave in a more sober manner.
What about the farmers who died while protesting?
In the mean time also assure no anti social element tries to take advantage of our farmers.
This Reddy seems like spokesperson of BJP and Not Farmers
A fair deal to farmers can be by way of having shares in the stock/grains holding company so that both can take advantage of escalation of produced goods...alternatively farmer unions can build a store house using public private model....Important for any model to succeed is leadership should be of highest integrity....we lost true leaders that's why we are in mess....time we realize importance of leaders like Ram Rahim...Aasa Ram...and other prominent grass root leaders who have been silenced due to petty reasons...which are even not proven...."Do not destroy what you cannot create"
Modi actually showed that do anarchy and get whatever you want and  he has no bones. How he will fight china he cannot controle anarchy in his own country. Let it be Shahin Baugh or farmer uprise.
Farmers are dying because of this type of politics
Criminal Netaas ambition, it is not for long. Are they in power till their lost breath,not at all,but farmers community will be there to feed us.
1. Does the Bill / Act 1, if a farmer decides to sell his produce to some organization ( Not APMC ), will he be guaranteed minimum support price? 
Instead of farmers bills, long over due us Government should pass a law "Death for Corruption" as in China. Has  this government got  the courage to pass such a bill.?????
To be honest, I have been watching your channel since over a year.. cut the clutter & national interest specifically..think you were neutral & quite clear where you stood .. I was abroad then! Last few months, you are not taking a stand & becoming a wee bit like Godi media sort of.. then forget .. we have enough mainstream channels doing that!!
We support farmers
These police are the sons of farmer. So before firing to farmers they must think where do they belong
First Muslim then farmers are facing the same situation and next is the turn of andh bakht Insha Allah
Now farmers have well knowledge now they'll never batoo may nhi aye ga kabi bu
Why is nobody wearing masks? Edit:farmers have rights to protest. But, also consider Covid19 situation
My question here is the where the taliban terrorist group that are calling themselves as jihadist are getting such weapons ?
Please make a video about rising petrol ( fuel) prices  no media is noticing
police clash farmers 
I am a neutral person supporting what is right rather than spreading hatred. The concept of free trading is good.  Its good to keep things liberal.. but at the same time we need to look into the fact so that farmers are not pushed to poverty. The government can also definitely encourage private companies to provide agricultural consultancy based on mutual consent of buyer and seller, but with strong regulations supporting  farmers and their development.
Loved the lecture and the content related to the technicalities of farm laws. Also I am happy that vikas Sir's prediction about the farm laws ( that they will stay and modi won't repeal it) is failed. He is a very knowledgeable person but yes we all sometimes undermines the power of protests.
These are big farmers or called them zamindar who only protest against farm laws
Reform is the crying need of time with slight changes which govt is also trying to modify but rejecting the bill is going to push farmers in same gutterwhere we will say ki lays to 10 me 2 aloo deta hai aur bechare kisaan 1 kilo ke 5 ka benefit hota hai.  Peace 
and shopkeepers. Not to speak of small farmers.
Always win! Why should government fight for farmers when they wont fight for themselves? And In turn lose elections and then the whole country loses!
If MSP is made a law then traders will have to pay it and not the government. BJP is protecting the traders and not the farmers.
BHARAT KA AK HI PADOSI SAMARTHAK THA AFGANISTAN AB WO BHI GAYA CHARO TARAF JITNE PADOSI SAB DUSHMAN MODI YE TUNE KYA KIYA.        AB KYA TALIBAN KA DAR DIKHAYEGA HINDUO KO 
All farmers are not against it only some communities are
Unbiased news. Pros and cons of these bills explained without any kind of political inclination. That's what is expected from media. Superb.
Nice  from Punjab India doctor inderjit Singh
No protection for Farmers & GENERAL PUBLIC
Sir why you didn't mention the current 4.5% commission levied by Mandi agents in punjab and tax levied by state Govt in mandi that these bills sought to remove. That is the main reason for the agitations by mandi owners and middle man.
How about rest of the farmers? We certainty don't trust mandi system. We don't give a damn what Punjab & haryana thinks. We are also farmers and we won't let the mandis have their monopoly. We will protest again against the repeal.
Congrats to all farmers
Modi Ji kitne udas lag rhe h..  I M with u sir till my last breathe... Our pm our pride.
we support you modi
Kisan you all are will be successful soon all india are love you
Thank you , this is exactly what I was looking for last evening , to understand the farm bill better before passing any judgements/comments . This was helpful and its strange that no news channel or website has put effort into explaining it to us !
We stand with farmers protest 
Rioters and brokers won. Nation and poor farmers failed.
I support my dear farmers ..
This is Treason . These are not farmers they are terrorist and should be tried as such.
, It's because of uas government support them,else there might not be any name like taliban
Thanks sir for supporting farmers
At the same time the fact is that the people are all on the side of the farmers
The real problem is that in all cases where regulatory bodies are functional both parties are literate but in farmers case one is literate (corporate) & other is illetrate (farmers) that's why the govt is in no mood to accept his mistake
And hence I think it all depends on the farmer what they want to do. The bill is not detrimental to the farmers in any way. The middlemen(state govt) will lose their money. That's it.
Now...kissan leaders are misleading farmers....
It's not a easy stuff to defeat 3 lakhs soldiers people's of Afghanistan also supports taliban
WE ARE ASHEMED OF OUR DENIOR LEADER RAJYASAVHA MEMBER & THEY DONOT HAVE RESPECT OF PARLAMENT.AS THEM WHY I CAN NOT SELL MY PRODUCT OPENLY INMARKET WHEN CAN BUY ANYWHRW BY MY CHOICE??.ONLY FARMER CAN NOT SELL!!!!!
Abp stopped showing farmers news after godi call biki media
China should support india farmers forever.
Damn that means about 1 out of 12 humans is an Indian farmer.
1. Because of private sectors, farmers will get better prices and farmers' income will double.
Pm Narendra Modi has been  repealed three farmer's law on the occasion of Guru Nanak jayanti.
I support the bill
This show is hysterical- how dare you comment about National security when the sons of kisans protect the border of India.
5. who is at loss due to this farm bills of 2020 are 
Thank your farmers or you'll see why.
Is it happened in India ? Where is Ramrajya?..RSS Bhaktas are very dangerous to humanity...once upon i am proud of India which is peaceful than Many countries..but in BJP rule this trust has destroyed... People of India need to learn from this..we must throw BJP and congress ...Must support regional parties from every states...they only atleast think about us some how.. 
I am with Indian Farmers
As long as Central govt does not collude with Private companies i think these reforms are good for Farmers freedom.
Withdrawal of the 3 farmers amendment act is not lose to the Bhagawan Shri Modi Ji and his Government. But it is that all most all loses to the  small or big farmers of India.  Dark souls given disturbance to the Government of India by the name of true saints farmers market.
Also many people are commenting on how this bill will take away there right to go to court in case of dispute but the truth is this bill provides a proper legal framework that is being created to protect the farmers of India and not the big private companies....
Informative video, but why did you not mention the issue of the Minimum Support Price? If commodities are removed from the Essential Commodities list, will companies not be at liberty to push down the buying price of these commodities to the breaking point, to purchase them from farmers at the lowest price possible? The companies may then sell these commodities at increasing prices in the market, but that does not necessarily mean that farmers will earn more.
Almost everyone says opening up the market is good. It looks like farmers also are not concerned about it..but they are more worried abt msp , the chances of dealing with big corporates, the possible disruption of existing systems to sell their produces and hence the temporary difficulties they might face..logically opening up is the best way to get everyone involved a fair deal...but just opening without a proper support system is only going to favor the big corporates, bcs they are well informed and always prepared. There should be support systems for guiding the farmers from switching from wheat to others , or helping them in dealing with big corporates..also government should facilitate start ups with innovative ideas to revolutionize the farming like using technology, and the focus should be in those areas while opening up, rather than helping corporates with money and muscle power to find a new blue ocean...the government's stubbornness and rush is probably making farmers suspicious ... Reliance is acquiring big bazar  , tata is buying big basket and its hard to believe these are just coincidences..so if someone has doubts on these reforms they are not unfounded ..
Govt should arrest Tiket on Tada Act, he is a main culprit who wants to burn India , lets all Indians come forward and give one way ticket to Rakesh Tiket, Jai Hind 
I come from an India where a politician starts its journey on a bicycle  from a very small village with a few rupees in his pocket but becomes a billionaire in few months or years by looting and schaming the common man and the country....
My dear punjabi farmers we  all sikhs supports you all,teach Delhi  agood lesson and get your demands  we sikhs are strong people ,afraid  of nothing....
Some farmer leader and opposition for his selfish interest block road which hurt eco and daily life of people if they want to protest go jantar mantar or ramlila maidan etc places not highway or road
Bassi , Zakir Khan are legends in stand up comedy... And these Indian medias are legends in Sir Down Comedy
I don't understand this. Some are saying it is a good decision and many farmers agreed to it whereas some says it affects the farmers too much. 
I was looking for the exact issues that farmers actually have..and you explained it so well..thanks for explaining everything in a layman's language!!
Rakesh Tikait jee is a great people's leader of the Country .  Kisan - Mazdoor Ekta Zindabad ! 
Modi talks brave in India specially in his election rallies, but doesnt have the spine or is at loss of words with the Taliban situation.
All Farmers Support to Congress Party 
Fell bad for those poor farmers beaten up only because they got trapped by their fake leader Dakait!! who has some poltical agenda!!
India should have supported the USA a lot more, now if the taliban annex Pakistan guess whos on the Indian border
Farmers, Modi's repeals are no use as your status quo is not changed better. Learn from Naxalite to guard your rights.
PS:  To those who think that law was disastrous for farmers, ask ur self why no one appealed against the law in supreme court???
I am very sure ajj tak is not happy , because ajj tak consider farmers as a terrorist
eagerly waiting for your newsance on the repealing of farm laws...
All comment section is with rich farmer and poor farmer.. but reality is that most of produce goes out from farmer below MSP... Farmers protesting because even little that goes for MSP will go below MSP with new farm bills.. I AM FROM TELANGANA HERE PADDY MSP 1890 A GRADE . BUT ITS GOING FOR 1550 TO 1600.. PROTESTING FARMERS HAVE VALID REASON IF MSP IS THERE MAKE IT MANDATORY FOR PURCHASING CROPS ANYWHERE
Please make one more video on farm bill. ..
Congratulations to all farmers 
I m myself from a family of farmers...
Historical victory for farmers
Mark PM's words carefully. He has called farm laws as good for farmers, mentioned govt's inability to convince a section of farmers about the same, apologized to all countrymen not to agitating farmers & said laws were brought in the interest of farmers but were being repealed in the interest of nation. It's a multi-factorial decision. Only PM can be aware of all the relevant factors for the decision. It will not be appropriate for anybody else to pass a judgement. Opinions can vary.
If bjp looses elections then the soul of the farmers who died will rest in peace Farmers are back bone of our country
3) Farmers can be easily exploited by the companies because there is no mechanism of fixation of prices in price assurance bill.
What happened was a clear case of communication gap and misunderstanding, the protest was going on peacefully but then there came a third party that tried to fuel up the moment , they tried to agitate the farmers , due to which the attack started . The police also reciprocated and the result was a total chaos . What happened was very inhuman and disrespectful , this could have been done with more patient and wisdom by both the sides. Very saddening.
The farmers demands are genuine.Appreciate your efforts to show the real things happening out there.
This again, is what a true grassroots movement of the people, by the people, for the people looks like. These farmers are true heroes.
Samdish.. Love the way you gave respect to the farmer @1:10..Respect for you 
SG on the front foot!! The farm laws were good and most of India had no problem with it. That's evident from the lack of protests in most of the country. Could not the govt have changed the nature of the laws allowing the states to implement as they wish?? They should have. CAA and NRC rules have yet to be framed and even the labour laws which the country badly needs is yet to see the light of implementation. Its up to the PM to show some spine and get these two good laws going. 
Herein Bangalore Karnataka BJP is desided not to allow farmers to city NDTV kindly cover
Drishti IAS is a youtube channel which went through detailed analysis of the farm bill it's a 3 hr vedio and the bill suggest that farmers can cell there produce to the   mandi and also decide the cost of the produce
Great video! Thx. So the consensus I can arrive at based on this information is this farm bill is not comprehensive and lacks application of thought. My thought is simply this- if today with all the tech and knowledge and experience we have gained, we cannot take care of us farmers and bring down the prices on essential and non essential items,  it is depressing and really sad. I have great expectations from this govt, I sincerely hope we as a nation work towards solving all the gaps and redraft this to make it more comprehensive to ensure the corporates dont play with the 50%and 100% which I guarantee that any company will do. Further I dont see how this will stop hoarding. In our country where our judicial system take forever to resolve cases, how much peace will it bring to the farmers most of who have not been able to get even the basic education- (busy feeding our country) to have a legal contract. I dont see this, a solution to the problems faced today- if anything it seems only making a bigger mess.
farmers income should rise imo pls explain abt pros and cons in layman language (some one literate and knowledgeable pls) apmcs ,storage ,ration,msps  did help but will they be required in the future ( most of the farmers are poor) ?? explain frm environmen,t conservative(social,societal) and modern  points of view
This is when godi media shows you false image of farmer protest SOLD MEDIA BJP IT CELL 
For us farmers ,i would say dont create chaos in city let govt function.when govt remove msp then we will do protest.
YEH SABKO PTA HAI THESE CHANEL( GODI media), REPUBLIC TV, AAJTAK, ABP, INDIA tODAY, ZEE, NEWS 18, Tv9 etc
It's totally Acceptable if farmers do protest for something if they don't like about government...
I believe this is a wise move by the BJP and PM Modi. I would encourage the government to go further one step and repeal all subsidies that in actual fact benefit the middle man and unscrupulous landlords. Let each individual states to sort their own subsidies for their farmers in the absence of reforms. Let's see how long these farmers want to continue with their stupidity and opposition when their pocket books start to really hurts. Furthermore, it is unfair for the rest of the country to foot the subsidy bills for states that opposed the farm reform bills who think they know better how to run their farming industry. All states that supported the farm reform bills should be encouraged to enact law for their states to formalise the new laws and look towards creating common market unions among these states for the benefit of their farmers.
We stand with you. We won't forget what happened at the Golden Temple in 1984. Khalistan is the answer. Freedom from India oppression.
Thanks thanks a lot @vox media for representing farmers worldwide. Please cover all footage of farmer protest 
Glad u were not biased on your take.. we just need unbiased news in these times. If there is proper regulation of this with farmers not being taken advantage of then I tnk the farmers will be hugely benefitted by this bill.
One big problem with BJP is that they expect too much sacrifice from masses (demonetization, Motor Vehicle Amendment Act- raising the fines, compulsory Fastags, fuel prices etc etc). I would be comfortable if there is equal sacrifice by ruling elites.... but their perks keep increasing, 6th-7th pay commission kept increasing sarkari salaries without any substantial increase in productivity.  
Farming is a lose making business for farmer...if they will not get a proper selling price then all farmer will quit doing farming...then what will you eat ..
Now Farmers Are Terrorists  ? Wah Modi Wah
2. The new design will eventually replace arhtiyas(middleman) with corporations. Farmers, esp. small farmers have some say in negotiations with middleman because of social and local political factors.(they can work with local sarpanch, MLAs etc. who have a benefit in helping local farmers). In case of corporations - do you think a small farmer can fight a court case when a corporation promises 50 Rs/kg for onions before sowing but gives you only 5 Rs/kg after cultivation citing factors like its too much moisture, not good quality etc. etc.
I support Farmer's Protests. I also supported CAA protests. They all work as Star-Pracharak events for Modi and BJP because these protests create a strong feelings of nationalism among common people (which normally remain dormant) of India and make BJP stronger. These protests also work as filter that clearly separate out who is for the country and who is against it.
Well explained.  The reform looks good in paper, but opening up the market to private players doesn't guarantee and a smooth transaction. The issues of APMC price management can also pop up when big private corps step in. Similarly the misuse in contract farming can also be suppressive to the farmers. The farm laws arnt perfect, however they could have been sent a parliamentary standing committee before being passed hastily without in depth expert inputs.
Modi has stuck with some of his toughest positions, demonetization and lockdown being the most criticized. I don't believe that he needed to back off for political games. UP is strong under Yogi. There's something else happening in Punjab and we really should wait until the dust settles. There is no need to try and analyze it with such knee jerk reactions. AIM I believe is anti-Modi but do you have any alternative?
Democracy win ....farmers win 
I'll support the farm bills if anyone can explain how the govt is going to handle all of the below listed points (copied from a fb post). I still won't support the way govt treated the protesting farmers (over 160 died in 2 months while on protest)  -
You didn't tell anything about new farm bill and started comparing it 
Corrupt Govt need to stop this scam of Buying votes on the name of sending Farmers 2000rupee every 3 month, instead make MSP as law so farmers get their cost, make MW ( minimum wage ) law so general labour working in cities and metro cities in construction, renovations, cleaning , Gardners and servants and maids for rich and ultra rich & above middle Class
His views were totally govt centric.    he supplied.  that the hey are big farmers...small farmers.  if we have that much wheat in surplus.   distribute that to poor people accross india... 
I pray to God to protect our farmers . Stay strong we will win.
Maybe, in a few years time or even months  we might well see the No.1 crony capitalist of the present government becoming the richest person in the world on the one hand and on the other hand Indian farmers having difficulty in even making ends meet.
Some parts of laws are problematic. It doesn't allow the farmer to go to court if they feel they are wronged by the dealers. The highest official for that is SDM. That is creating fear in farmers. Why govt. had to add this extra bit in the laws? If tomorrow you are wronged by someone and not allowed to go to court by some new law, would you not oppose it? Would like to know SG's view on this.
We are support farmers Bhai
When farmers: please stay safe, we are with you..
I think farmers should are responsible because they should not go to the red Fort
Good decision by govt. Not compare it caa or 370 it's for Indians farmers
Good presentation. Gvt must work with farm leaders to working on new laws ...input with all will help with new farm law. This is not a loss for modi...or win for farmers. Common sense won over.
Rich people in our comfortable homes: I support hard-working farmers' protests against injustice after injustice, but... (moral high ground speech against violence)
But let's wait for his next innovative steps for bthe welfare of farmers..
These soilders are themselves son of farmers but how shamelessly they are behaving with them just for penny of government salary
This is Godi media not Aaj tak
Please understand that cooperate means not one company! multiple companies will be there in  field and farmers may go for best one who give more price to them.
Proud to be Farmer 
We r with farmersugly face modi govt
Full support Strong support from Indian Muslims to our sikh brothers and farmers from all over India 
This time Im not with farmers at all
Very right that the benefit of MSP is going only to the rich farmers while the poor farmers are unable to improve their conditions. The new farm reform laws address this concern by allowing the private sector in the agriculture field. The concern that the private sector would exploit the farmers & acquire their land is a conservative one. It is clearly mentioned in the new laws that the private players cannot take farmers' land. The laws are made to protect the farmers' interests while at the same time modernise the agriculture sector with the help of the private sector.
I feel that this reformed agriculture bill proposed by Gov. needs some changes & amendments to ENSURE  that our most diligent & hardworking farmer brothers get their truly deserving  rewards:
*very bad to know about our Indian-Farmers condition* , now they have come-out from their houses and protest under the sky to get the proper facilities from the government for all of us to cultivate the food. We have taught in the colleges, our development based on Green revolution after that we entered in Industrial-revolution. Farmers are not only back bone of developed Countries, they have well known as our food-kitchens where we get day/night meals, Farmers standing among us, just like at home the relationship of Parents and Children. The problem is our Corrupt-politicians, imaging all-time Five-stars-hotel-life. Just use and through the food plates. How will teach them to do the Justice, respect and love, how many hands are involve to bring the food in your eating plate, where ever justice not in action then wait for big punch from our creator in shape of many disaster to the nation. Almighty Allah fulfill the needs of our farmers keeps them safe, happy and successful Ameen
More Unbiased Than Anyone Else Videos on Farm Bills.  Thank You Mam
Respect from punjab Pakistan
Inhumanity and stubbornness is in BJP blood   If they win again I am sorry  for my country . We need resign of modi .. Amit shah and   Yogi 
Proud of the farmer brothers and sisters.
This devil only said in previous video to talk with Taliban as solution...and criticized Afghanistan investment. Now challenging Modi to ban Taliban... that's mean he's Pro-Taliban...and having strong confidence on Taliban and Hakani Network...he will support Palestine but not Afghanistan...you can see the hypocrites level of this  man!
We being as one nation completely supports our farmers. But let's not make it a political issue.
If Indian media and Indian anchors and their analysts had been so smart and brave, they would not have given Ladakh, the Finger area so carelessly and stubbornly, incompetently to China instead of worrying about Afghanistan.  And start worrying about seven states because despite having 200,000 Indian troops, India would not have to send its special commandos out of Kashmir to the Arunachal Pradesh and Siliguri corridors. Just you and your Indian media, anchors and so-called analysts  Shame on you for how long you people will continue to make fools of your people and nation by blocking them.
are inviting private companies to buy farmer produce directly
Hi Shekhar, I agree with most of the things u have mentioned in the video, and thanks for sharing such a valuable information. But I don't think that the intention of the modi government by bringing this bill is to persuade farmers to produce more diverse crops like moongfali, musturd and all the other crops India is importing from other countries, that India really need, that u have mentioned. I have not heard even a single statement from the government about all these problems that u discussed. I want to agree with you that government really have a good agenda behind this bill but I don't see any statements from government.
Please remember 600 farmers has lost their life .. please keep that in mind vote wisely..
We stand with Indian farmers in this time of despair.
Farmers are Punjabi and Haryana other states are  only small holdings
Why khachhar wants to talk to farmers now . His supreme leader doesnt want to talk to them . Only his pitthoos
Hope they reinstate the farm laws in a phase wise manner post state elections
Farmers feeds this nation politicians don't.
any way finally true suffering community  are farmers.now political equation of punjab may change
Video Title should be. Police provoked farmers.
This video needs to be republished in all regional languages and shown on Doordarshan so farmers can actually understand what's the deal.
The biggest irony is that people in comment section think that farmer gets the benfit of proposed MSP!!
First person seen who perfectly explained the problem of farmers,Government & Solution on it in well manner.
Farmers protesting continue from last 2 month but BJP government not listen farmers demand
THIS IS REAL HINDU WHO SUPPORT FARMERS 
Godi media is not welcome there..
Huge respect!!!! Ann hona bhagwan ki den hai toh these farmers are carrier !!!! 
3) A factor we always forget is that corporates may want to buy products but at the same time lot of digital markets are increasing which can give farmers ample opportunity to sell them in the market throughout India in one click. 
British news Channel doesn't see India growing reputation....thats why they don't want Modi Govt.
He is Thousand times Intelligent than You Maam.... On the Top of it His Honesty And Great Vision for the Farmers....
He is only using farmers
Well done US.Never allow this evil Taliban to advance. US must give at least the air support to keep Taliban disarray and demoralise them
A jawbreaker to all the gobarbhakts,who claims that theese farmers belong to congress or they are anti national
No response for farmers agitation 
We Support The Bill.
Farmers are fighting for middle class families also
These are very rich farmers . 
Isn't India a democracy? If do many people are do opposed to a law, how can a democracy continue to enforcement it? Shame on Modi govt.  His record with minorities is despicable
I intuitively knew that this bill is in favour of farmers so didn't watch any videos on this subject but today I came to know that Rakesh Tikait is planning to go to Lucknow and bring instability on our Independence day so I decided to know everything in detail about it and a teacher like you is best to understand such a complex subject from. Now I'm hating Congress even more
If farmers have to earn more money consumers must be willing to pay more for food
FARMERS Don't NEED OUR SYMPATHY THEY NEED OUR RESPECT & WE OWE THEM THAT RESPECT
i have no interest in farm bills.. but is in my ca course . thanx for wonderful explanation. the best part of answer was it wasnt biased . it acted clear and concise. THX BISBO.
Thanks protect the small farmers ..why not tax the super rich or eat the super rich
History will remember these Farmers as heroes who challenged the government for the next generation. Jai Kishan and Shame on BJP
These laws will bring production cost down and make food cheap for the country but the farmers are selfish.
This are indian taliban
Dont loose the Farmers and the youth. 
Stop using misleading titles , no stones were used by farmers
Very good farmers
   Not a single media of the country talks about our country.  Talks only about the problem of Pakistan because Modi is afraid that the channel should be shut down. 
You focused more on the fictional benefits of the bill which are not actually applicable.We are insecure. farmers are already united but their unity can do nothing. What if no one come forth to buy our produce and  the corporates get united demand to buy on low price. what can we do? we have to sell it  on what prices they want because we have no MSP and right to go to court. And also, there was no restriction for the farmers to sell out of the APMC mandis before this bill. So please first know the ground reality then make  video. Experts dont know as much as we farmers know about our profession.
I m also a farmer but never support these khalistani
It's really vital that the 1 million + of us who have watched this video educate the ones around us who've been blindsided by the Indian Media!
MSP is used by Rich Farmers / Artiyas to transport harvested crops from other states like Rajasthan UP by Farmers / Artiyas and then selling it , inPunjab ,  to Govt. agencies in Mandis at MSP as locally harvested produce
#FACT 2: Samdish checked his mic more times than modi checked the bills before signing them off.....
Panjab and Haryana only protesting farmers because other state farmers don't even know bills, when they come and passed
People who r celebrating right now about repeal of laws will demand reforms and blame the govt. for deteriorating situation of farmers after 5 years.
Kutha modi and bjp louda
Without a doubt, one of the biggest Revolution we have seen in the recent times and Farmer's succeeded, there coverage was only muffled by the Godi Media. Jai Jawan Jai Kisan
goverment are right to grow country gdp but its rupe for farmer but farmer dont need..... r.i.p.. english
I support my farmers
I SUPPORT farmers of India
Do bot repeal farm laws, let the farmers go to hell
Good explanation, except the 3rd bill. Removing commodities will not directly increase farmers income - all farmers are not in position of negotiating with Pvt players. Probably initially for first few years it may increase farmers income but eventually theyll be left at the mercy of Pvt players who in their greed to make more profits will try their best to procure at cheapest possible rates
Regarding the third one (amendment of Essential Commodities Act, 1955) -- Will it not have the negative side-effect of allowing companies to buy a large quantity of something and hoard it, and then once they have a very large quantity stored up they can essentially control the price and sell it?
What are they thinking about those farmers? As some sort of crash dummy?
Uneducated farmers manhandled by some politicians.  They want the middle man in their business transactions. So let them live with their middle man mechanism.
Farmers have done their job now our turn to crush these Modi media.
All possible efforts made by govt and purchased  media to supress this poor farmers andolan calling them terrorist and antinational.
138 Crore, people of Indians are eating daily food because of farmer hardship. Should the PM and CM's sensible to that? No concerns by Government so far.poor leadership in India.
I am really proud that our farmers are so educated and experienced that they are using the social media in the right way...
Brother I salute you for making Avery thing clear  . All those who are watching please support farmer as much as you can  . Farmer are the back bone of country
Nobodys beat punjab farmers 
I am deeply involved in agriculture and farm revolution was required to strengthen our agriculture. But sadly, it is impossible to explain the benefits of farm laws to some of our farmers. To make a person understand the benefits of law, education is very important. Very sad.
Farm reform is necessary to Indian economy. 
Power and unity of farmers
It has been observed that some persons have more than enough allergy to congress and they seem to be living in dreams.When the issue is that of farmers they talk of congress as they are more than enough sticking to certain party may be beneficiaries of this partyHalf knowledge not knowing that state government has passed resolution to Governor who is sitting on it.
We support always with farmers
Laws for people and Bills for farmers 
Farmers have actually made it easy for the dominant middle men who have monopoly and mint money. Had they understood the law, they would have realized it was not against them.
Magic of election, before election fuel taxes reduced,farm laws repealed 
Modi media just shut up and learn how to speak the truth.
Despite having strategic agreements with Kabul Modi is afraid to send soldiers in support of Ghani or give any air covers.  
lndian holds the unimaginable undisputed & unbreakable world record for the longest time being colinized and also by the most countries with the british alone responsible for looting $45 trillion & 1.8 billion Indians died from deprivation in 1757-1947.
I think it's a good law for the farmers but government should also ensure that APMC Markets will be continue In such a way as they are running now
I never supported farm laws, but i fully support CAA.
Thank You Trevor Noah so much for talking about of this demand. This is a historical protest in India and with peaceful means and objectives similar or bigger than Mahatma Gandhi movements. Govt has tried all tricks of political world (dividing on religious lines, calling them anti-national etc.) to suppress this but has failed miserably. 200 elders have died in biting cold on borders. They chose to live in pathetic conditions for months now to make their word heard. There is lack of trust on government intentions on these laws. Govt is behaving like an autocratic government and focus is always on elections/votes and since the next elections are in 2024, they choose to play this game long. They are in power with all the machinery, police force, tax payers money with them to fight out. What do farmers have? - THE "WILL POWER" TO PROTEST
Such a shame how UP police works. Hope Yogiji never becomes PM
3:04 @ Dearest Geeta, you only see the other side of the coin that farmers are violent , what about the police brutality which made the people run for their life. Two people had died as far as I know, and one shot dead by the police.
Modi govt should compensate loss of lives of our 700 farmers..#RIP
Talking about the politics and how it should be played and how the tactics of the NM/AS should have been, instead of what the economic empowerment these reforms going to bring, seems like misdirecting people away from what they are fighting for. Do we have numbers or estimates of how much the economical improvement this farm laws can bring among the farmers and the Indian economy? Could you kindly share them so that people can look at them and decide themselves instead of watching your fiction/drama.
Non farmers will definitely not gonna understand this agriculture bills. The new bills are already failed in many countries including in many indian states where this bills were applied earlier. One interesting thing these bills are not applied in GUJARAT  . What a hypocrisy pm modi.
It's kinda misleading to say "Indian Farmers" as if it applies to farmers across India. 
Shame to india ... Women on roads because of BJP govt...
Long live Unity like this in India. God bless our farmers. Thank you BBC for sharing and showing what Godi media isnt showing.
And om shanti for the farmers who gave there lives ..
Thankyou so much for your support. We need more local Delhi residents supporting our farmers 
Farmers need to be made Financially Strong and needs to be respected. Salute
He is simply saying that if they(fake farmers - Khalistani) break the threshold, don't wait and just charge. I don't find this wrong.
They will rename the bills, do some changes and make sure it gets accepted by the **actual farmers**.
Now protesting farmers can go sight seeing in Delhi for 1 more month till actual repeal happens in Parliament
None of these opposition parties understand democracy. They talk about democracy but support lawlessness. Where are the fundamental principles like justice and dignity? All citizens have rights and obligations. Dont these so-called farmers have any duties in a democracy? Other road users dont have the right to free access to the roads? If motorists feel threatened by a crowd of so-called farmers, such accidents can happen. Therefore rules must be clear and apply equally to everyone. This aimless protest should never have lasted so long. The SC should have previously imposed a ban on so-called farmers and a fine for each day of non-compliance. Such accidents were to be expected. The government and judiciary have learned nothing from the CAA protest and Delhi riots. Staying aimlessly camping on the road cant be a right in itself.
Thanks! for the video Vox very well explained and informative. I hope Indian media will learn something from this.
I felt that the repealing of bill will go smoothly, but by looking at these opposition roughness I came to know that this is real politics going on
I like how Tikait trolls Godi Anchors 
Farmers given choice to sell directly outside mandis - might harm their interests as they are not educated how to protect their interests 4. Might lead to exploitation by rich businesses and debt trap - as the businesses will be their mai baap 5. Commodificaton of agriculture - might lead to food insecurity 6. Previous steps - APLM Act - more than 15 States adopted it's provisions to give farmers choice of sale outside Mandis but not many farmers reaped it's benefits Swaminathan committee - MSP should be C2 + 50% but not implemented correctly Santha Kumar committee - only 6% farmer HH get benefit of MSP More than 65% paddy and wheat growers don't know about Govt procuring grains 2019 - Maha 3927 suicides - highest in country despite loan waivers and reforms India - 10281 suicides - 28 suicides a day. So, practical implementation is the key.
Farmers have won early deserting of their lands. Emotions over intellect
Now India trying to make relations with Taliban 
Bro, if Govt. wants to get out of Agri businesses, then what's the guarantee that the farmers will get protected from or out of these  bills..!!
Indian medias may show this as protest from Kabul against Taliban
Modi yogi should resign immediately.
This will reduce the farmers costs for inputs and help clean the air.
Poor farmers eventually got succeeded their passionate  efforts against the Law has set an example for other who are struggling for their rights congratulations to farmers and their supporters and sympathisers
When the time comes for you to cry for your empty stomach, then you will know the important of these farmers. They are the backbone of our nation.
He he he .. tere jaise news anchors pe hansi aati hai.. manhoos lag raha tha.. dekhna kabhi apna ye show.. shakal dekh apni.. tikait sahib cool calm .. inspiration for new india. kisan ekta zindabad.
I am not present at singhu border but I am with farmers and I wish their win against govt...
...And above  all to our most loved prime minster Modiji  For selfless services and sacrifices . working for the upliftment of our country ..... JAI HIND 
If India did farming in a Western manner, with say 100 Hectare farms, that would support the application of fertilizers, drip irrigation, mechanical harvesting and processing, storage and transportation issues resolved, the quantity of produce reaching the markets could well double, but the number of laborers required would likely reduce from 700 to 12 million. At which point the 1% of the population still engaged in agriculture would likely account for 30% of GDP. This leaves the question of what to do with the surplus 688 million bodies ?
Best explanation about farm bill in YouTube well done ma'am and your team 
Power to the people. Victory to the Indians.
5.  Farmers cannot filed case against corporates if they forcibly capture their fields....only they can go to teethless SDM court
He is responsible for the loss of life of innocent farmers.
Sir I am CDS aspirant but my father is a farmer in UP. This video help me in SSB.
Modi lost the battle after calling farmers terrorists and after more than thousand farmers died during protest Rahul Gandhi and opposition won the battle against the farmers Law
Unexpected from modi govt. Being a  farmers daughter, I'm saddened by this move. Only one state's farmers will decide agriculture of India? Total failure of govt. They were arrogant & didn't bother to talk to opposition to get them on same page
Such incident will tarnished India's image @ global forum.  But i nvr expect our farmer brothers to take law in hand. 
Even if the laws are repealed, wouldnt that also create resentment against Punjab for derailment of the reforms ? The best path would have been to find an amicable mid way solution but farmers dont want that.
Farmers categorisation by GoI (marginal (upto 2.5 acre or 1 ha, small( 2.5 acre to 5 acre, semi medium 5 to 10 acre, medium 10 to 25 acre and large ( above 25 acre) needs to be revoked. 28 lakh farmers of Rajasthan who owns more than 5 Acre land are not getting benefit of loan waiver or benefit of other govt scheme like EBC reservation, etc. Kisan leader are not aware about these issues.
It is not your defeat,it is the defeat of certain sections of our farmer fraternity.
Farmers will have to ensure this government does not start covert plan B against them
So farmer bill is good.
Elections ke baad new Farm Laws
It's unfortunate during election period already criminalize state of UP see numbers of horrific incidents. I mean now I pledge I'll never visit UP in my life.  This is the actual mindset of other state's people. India needs One Nation One Election. RIP to all those lives who got killed during such barbaric and baseless incidents.
Dw thanks farmer unity win 
Any bill before passing or repealing needs to be discussed... discussion could have brought many more points.. it is skipped to avoid listening to more criticism...
Were the plane used in these strikes came from indian soil that india gave to US when pakistan refused to give?
They ain't peaceful protestors and farmers. They disrespected national flag and sovereignty of India. This is politically motivated act of violence. Teach them a lesson.
No protection for Jawan Nd kisan godi government'
Your are tha great leader modi ji Bjp.  
Farm law banane se leke repeal tak karne ka pura decision galat tha.... farm laws banate tab Kisano ko Confidence me leke banate logo tak sahi baat pohochate negative bate spread hone  se pahale... Pura implementation hi galat hai
as usual...no discussion with ministers, no committee, no consultation with experts, no meeting with farmers... just come on TV and announce it,
Indian Govt should immediately freeze all foreign funding to any type of NGO's.
we shud never forget this atrocities by BJP ... we shud build a shahid memorial on all 3 borders with names of all farmers who died in these protests... please spread this word.
The comment "If you've filed a plea and you've trust in Judiciary then what's the point of protest" is the point all these farmer leaders and so called liberals need to understand in order to curb their desperation for taking down the law.
Glad to see the comments here. nearly everyone supported the laws and understood that the reason for retreat was the goons. hope that now, farmers would ask dakait the questions when these middlemen harass the poor farmers
BJP's only national party India
Why? Why bother the farmers? We need them, I don't care what country their from. This is such ashame. This world.....the whole earth is nothing but wickedness. I'm worried about the children. What future they have to just be? It's such a very very sad thing.
How can the government decide the fate of farmers.??.. It is gonna kill the farmers this way ... Don't try to make we farmers fool by saying that it's 4 prosperity of farmers...actually it's 4 the prosperity of those traders 2 whom u r giving rights by neglecting farmer's situation ... We can understand and analyze what is good 4 us and what's not.... 
This border used to be alive with cheerful voices of farmers 24 hours. But now when farmers have left the boarder it would turn into catcall .
Farmers have to learn new modern techinique for farming like in isreal austrilia and Canada 
This bill is totally correct protesting farmers are dichads. This is the result of uneducated citizens of India 
Congratulations to all farmers 
In the long run this decision of repeal  will impose only negative consequences on the actual poor farmers.
Proud to be a farmer and support this brilliant effort!
Good decision by magistrate . What they did at redfort in the name of protest was also goonda gardi. .farmers ko maaro and public ko bhi marro  phir congress walo ko maaro specialy .bahut maaaja ayega.
No farmer no food 
Why is he talking on behalf of the Punjab and Haryana farmers. He is pro Modi and pro Captatalist lobby.
Anonymous Official: "We're in a state, where slavery has been accepted, wholesale. And there are people who believe that the ruling class has the legitimate moral right to rule and other people are legitimately their slaves. This is really where we're at, in humanity, worldwide. And the vast majority of people have accepted that paradigm and what it is, it's a cult, religious belief, system, that is completely false, completely erroneous. There's not enough people speaking out, encourage that, that is a false paradigm and belief system. This is what the message that we have to put out there to this body of the population that still believes the mainstream media narrative and still believes the government narrative to believe in authority is to condone slavery. That is exactly what it is, stop sugarcoating it and start saying what it is, to other people. To believe in authority is to condone slavery if you are a believer in authority and you are a believer that there is moral legitimacy to government, you are someone who is saying "I believe in and condone slavery" because that is what the right to command and rule other people is, it is slavery and that is what government is on its face. And I will not sugarcoat that, that is what it is, I'm here to put that out there as the plain and simple truth and encourage others to do the same. There is no such thing as the right to rule or command others, we have to stop believing that there is, because to even believe it, is to condone slavery. And it's completely immoral and it's completely based on violence. So now what's happening is that the narrative of this master class is being said never to be questioned, it is not to be questioned by members of the slave class. This is what all this social shaming is all about, by the members of the cult. See, the cult members want to point fingers at other people who don't believe their worldview of authority, their authoritative, authoritarian worldview. You know, they want to say "Oh, shame on you" no, not shame on us, shame on you for accepting that slavery is morally legitimate, how about that? That's how the tables have to be turned, your worldview is false and illegitimate, morally on its face. And now, big tech companies, big tech corporations are trying to make it impossible to get the word, out, by censoring social media and censoring people and deplatforming them. And all that's gonna do is insight very, very dark days ahead, let's just say. It's already turning in that direction because of how people have been oppressed. And people don't understand what, it's a powder keg, it's not just a powder keg, here in America, folks, it's a powder keg, worldwide. And you better psychologically prepare yourself and I'm telling everybody out there too, because most people who say they're for the truth and for freedom, didn't do their work, they failed at their job. To morally educate the public, there is not enough of the voice of truth. The reality is spoken into existence, ladies and gentlemen, the universe has spoken into existence. What we experience in our daily reality, in the aggregate, in the collective, is based upon what people said, what people accepted into them, the information they took in and that is what informed their behavior. And now what the ruling class wants to do is try to make it impossible to get that word out there and they are going to ensure a violent outcome as a result of that. That's what I've been trying to prevent from day one and that is what I've been trying to tell my viewership and listenership that it is your personal responsibility through your actions to help prevent by teaching people, true morality. And unfortunately we're failing in that job collectively we are failing in that job and you're going to see the result of that failure in the physical world. These people believe that all alternative viewpoints of reality, perspectives of reality, are to be banned and banished and even possibly made, illegal. Okay, people who don't accept their worldview as it is put out there by the mainstream media and the government and other, "officials" or "experts", is not to be challenged and they are to have their rights stripped from them if they don't accept that worldview. Well, I don't accept your worldview. I believe my knowledge is far superior to yours and I'm not afraid to tell you that. The real reality of this is, is no one has the right to force a worldview upon others, we have the right to speak what the truth is. I can't ultimately force it on anybody, I could just show an ignorant person how they've been deceived, but just like I can't force my worldview on other people, no one can force their worldview on me or others. Because here's the truth of the matter, folks, government, media, and even scientists are not the arbiters of truth. Truth exists independently of any human being's perception of it. It is our goal to bring our perception into alignment with that, which is, namely the truth. And we have to do that through a rigid truth, discovery, psychology, and taking in high volumes of eclectic information from all over, many different sources, even those, we don't agree with. Putting them all together, logically weeding out, all inconsistencies, so that we distill it down to the base, essence of that which is true. And only then can we say "we have an accurate understanding of what is taking place" and most people do not do that process. Ladies and gentlemen, I do, do that process, and I'm not going to have people that don't do it tell me what I must believe because an expert said it. I will perform the truth, discovery, methodology, process, on the information, myself, and come to my own conclusion about it, and so should everyone else. So no one's gonna tell me, other people are the arbiters of truth, no one is the arbiter of truth, not even me. Not you, not anyone as an individual. Their conclusions do not mean that it is the truth and their conclusions cannot be violently pushed upon others. That is what is unfortunately taking place in our world, people with no knowledge just completely giving into fear. And the biggest fear is fear of the unknown, because fear of the unknown is what holds people, back, from knowledge and higher awareness. See, if you fear knowledge because you fear what you might discover, it is going to create a feedback loop of fear because fear comes from lack of knowledge. Those who are informed are not in fear, ignorance is what creates fear, refusal of truth is what creates fear. I have no such fear because I've accepted what truth is, and I've aligned my perception to it. But here's where we're at, folks, societally, this is what self-mastery is all about, understanding the laws of the universe, understanding natural law, and then actually applying that true spirituality in one's life, through our behaviors, through our actions in the right way, through right action. The next way-out is self-respect, true respect, true looking again at the qualities of ourself as an individual. Self-respect is the true healer, you want to cure the real human sickness, then apply the true healer, which is self-respect. First and foremost, this is the development of internal courage, to look at the truth and then to speak the truth publicly, not just to your family and friends, where you think it's safe. It needs to be out there publicly in a courageous way, where you're telling people, I'm not afraid. You know, turn off, the lying, fearmongering, state-controlled, media, it is an affront to self-respect. Stop believing that others have the right to command you, there is no such right, there is no such moral right. This is the way-out, true courage, courage is the universe's protection, it's universal protection, we talk about, you know, protective equipment, you know, to shield us from illness. This is the real universal protection to shield us from spiritual illness, that's what courage is, be bold, and mighty forces will come to your aid. The people who are stepping up, the people who are saying "No, we're not going to have this, we're gonna go back to our lives, we're not gonna take government mandates, we're not gonna take government commands, because you don't have the right to command us, we're free and we're gonna act like it" you know, stepping into that kind of courage creates the universe's protection. I'm protected because I'm not afraid, I'm not afraid of what can be done to me in the physical domain. And you know what real protection is going to come in the form of? Stepping into the courage to teach natural law, that's a spiritual understanding. If you exercise courage for the right things and you teach the right things and you teach natural law, mighty forces of creation will come to your assistance and aid in your life in all your endeavors, and that is where my protection comes from. So we have to say the lost word which is "No" and we need to fall in love with it. This is the lost word, we have to say "no" to evil, we have to say "no" to authoritarianism, we have to say "no" to worldview, violence, we have to say "no" to external control. No one has the right to externally control, rule, or command us, and we need to fall in love with that word, that is a vibratory energy of courage and protection, the word "No". No, you don't own me, no, I am not your slave, no, you don't have the right to command me and others, no one does. So folks, it looks like this, the lost word through the knowledge of natural law, a truly awakened human being is finally able to speak the lost word which is "No". No is the word of all power and only when we say "no" to those who would claim to be our owners, do we stop externalizing our power and in doing so, reclaim all of our natural rights. And that happens when we start to say "no" to those who would claim to be the rulers of our lives. The word "No" is another form of the word "On". We say "No", we'd turn "On", the light."
Legal contracts: contracts will be lengthy, costly litigation involved, lands will be leased long term and binding contracts will be difficult to exit. Agreements are designed so they do not allow farmers to break out of poverty cycle. 
I have supported farmers since day 1. But this is just unbelievable, This is not right. No one and Nothing should replace the the Indian flag.
Fantastic work by team on collecting data from past to present. But the real disappointment is that Video does not talk about any real solution.  Your Experts are only finding shortcuts of blaming   PL480 scheme of 1950 till the latest Acts. Dear IIT professors and experts, pls do not be only knowledge babus. Pls apply your mind and make one more video suggesting some real solutions. Most confusing is the statement that India need 42000 mandis hwile it has only 6500!  Have the current 6500 mandis of Punjab and Haryana ( within 80 km of farmers)  incentivised our farmers to go for mixed cropping or move away from Wheat and Paddy?  Have you ever studied why India is importing Rs 10,000 cr of apple and Rs 60,000  cr of palm oil every year?   Because some other countries and their farmers have learnt to grow valuable quality crops with the economy of scale and at a lower cost to be able to export world over. Their people work harder on finding real practical solutions. While  I appreciate the current video,  request you to work a little harder than just compiling good data and a few interviews.
Now 10% farmers will exploit 90% peasants of India.
Who is here after farmers placed a flag in red fort
Priyanka gandhi truly says election just 2 month near.....now we young facing job problems government job and private job ....both in india
Amit shah asked for only 3 unions leader for talk. But there are around 30unions. This the reason farmers denied.
Modi ji my salute to you. Your humbleness will win one day. God bless you.
The Maharashtra Model APMC Act, 2003 is a living proof of success and increased income of farmers in an open market.
Modiji was waiting for the right time!!
 But government only opened another option for farmers. The mafia usually sabotage any reform. But this time the mafia  did not get the chance to sabotage the bill. The mafia has money, politics, influence & they try to use 'farmer-food' sentiment  mixed with sectarianism to bully the nation joining hands with politiqueing oppurtunists.
Farmers are fighting against government/ media/bhakts and with corporates .
Farmers dont just work until the sun goes down, They work until the job gets done.
Just fooling around!!. Farmers still sell 94%of their produce in open market, many times on throw away prices.
In the beginning of the video I thought you are sporting farmers but at the end you blame The Deep Sidhu and he was not involved in that case in which you joined him
Let me first clear this to you that the violence which happened shouldnt have taken place. Period. Now lets talk about the points you have raised 1. Swords and horses are a part of the nihungs sect of Sikhism. They believe in ancient ways of living. So nobody can tell them what to carry and what not to coz that would be against the spirit of democracy. 2. The videos that you have shown are all one sided. Urge you to expand your sources and show the videos from both sides. 3. Police forces were also infiltrated just the way our farmers protest was. When a slight mishap happens in such a large gathering theres a high chance of violence being erupted because there are diverse ideologies bounded with one cause not the other way around. 4. Is damage to public property more important than damage to lives ? 157 farmers have lost their lives for this cause. 5. The police officers attacked a group of doctors who were providing healthcare services to both the sides. Were the doctors creating violence too ? 6. Stop caring about the image that it portrayed and start caring about the people of India. 
If private players are saying they will pay higher rates and can come to APMC and be the first buyers of farm produce, whats the issue in guaranteeing the MSP ? Also, FCI can procure and SELL the grains to private players along with distributing them in PDS in order to reduce deficit. Farmers getting compensated correctly for their produce will definitely circulate the money back in the economy. Private players can offer to establish storages. Government should try and work with private players rather than leaving the farmers on the mercy of market demands.
In Haryana every farmer knows about msp
Indian farmers we proud with u
Less coverage on farm bill more on economic matter
No words for Lallantop team for such a great & historical documentry on farmers ...salute by heart 
You could be a congress hater all you want but please understand the way the vehicle drove over those farmers is nothing short of a murder. As a citizen of India we must learn to stand up for the people who have been killed. I am horrified at how people are still talking in favor of the government. This is absolutely shockingly.
One decision doesn't wipe out all good modi ji has done. So it's wrong commentry by Abhijit. Why every thing should go in one way ?
# I support farm laws
Salute Lallantop for showing Truth, No Farmer No Food 
Protest for 3 years are you kidding me but they went to their home back like cry baby. Listen first read what is farmer bill it do not state that there will be no MSP but there will be a market where PRIVATE COMPANY can also buy from farmers. First read and then speak. 
Please appreciate them...ye dhruv toh nhi hai jo bas BJP aur modi karte hai ...
Its a loss of small farmers
And linked to it is also the weaning out of the marginal farmers which amount to 86.5% of farmers which accounts to about 47.5% of Indias population ( about nearly 8% of world population) , to better or alternative manufacturing jobs. But there has been no job creation since so many years where no government has been able to incentivise manufacturing industries within India. So it has been a failure at multiple levels. While the GDP may grow but the lopsided between only a tiny population led wealth growing multifold whereas the majority of population is being pushed into poverty is alarming for social security too.  
Thanks for supporting farmers in this whole journey and showing the truth to the nation 
Farmers has made gaddars run from the spot...
Never in this history I have seen farmers like this...
Remember Modi Only Done this For Punjab & Sikh.
Congratulations to all the farmers but be mindful he will change his words after elections.
They are terrorists not farmers
Salute to the farmers of country and very very thanks to the PM Modi ji . Now we all work hard for development of the country
Modi and yogi has become general dayer of independent india
Soft power sways best the minds of independents. India has totally lost the mainstream narrative. It's time for the Modi government to cut it's losses and refocus it's priorities. Even if it wins now, it'll be a Pyrrhic one. There'll be hell to pay down the road.
Yes we need justice for farmers
If company makes union they can play dengerous,game with farmers
Moral: for leadership how north India is important for election.
I will recommend everyone to watch the video of Dr. Vikas divyakirti ji on farmer bill
Super finish save me god farmers
Tell us what WE can possibly do to help the farmers! You are right about how important are farmers to the planet. The hidden issue is the globalization or control of foods by large corporate entities. I am so glad that the farmers are fighting... they are truly fighting for ALL citizens of the planet. The use of chemicals by corporatists and patent seeds would give them Total Control of our lives..... We might all fight.
Solute to our farmers
Even a simple farmer knows what's wrong with the laws and Agriculture Minister asks in the parliament what's wrong with the laws??. that sounds more like mischief rather than ignorance...
Never seen such a horrible situation of our farmers in the past 65 years of my life. Shame on the heartless central and UP government.
Congratulations to the farmers. The rest can go cry 
The government will now step up and spread it's vicious tentacles to make the lives of the farmers miserable.  Alas!
6th argument that farmer cant sell their produce even outside their home district..i think transportation exist in our country and they will sell only after considering transportation charges etc they are not so uneducated that they cant calculate their profits or cant use smartphones for emandi app
Farmers Protest proved, People's Power, also proved that people in power are our elected representatives
Return of the BJP in UP, will be of paramount importance - in the run up to the consecration of the RAM TEMPLE IN AYODHYA. That event will be the launching pad for the THIRD MODI ADMINISTRATION.
In this way monopoly of traders start again since it has no MSP & small farmers cant travel to sell their products.
Only two option in India now either support PM  or oppose PM...so sad that no alternatives
5. Farmers are innocent people, they are presently misled by these high income middlemen.
Thankyou WIRE for the efforts you do to bring the truth out. We support our farmers.
Devender Sharma doesn't talk about the glut in production of wheat & paddy which crash prices. Why doesn't he encourage diversity in agricultural produce? Why should water deficient  Punjab produce paddy? Niti ayog calculated that Punjab paddy consumes 10 times the water Bihar does.
Now Khalistan and (drug)farmers protest makes sense doesnt it? Jai bharat matha. Jai shri Ram. Jai Namo
Finally  brokers, Khalistan terrorists and its supporters congress, communist and peaceful community won their violence game. 
Respect farmer 
 Doesnt sound like an apology. More like, whoops, we got caught with our corrupt hand in the cookie jar, but, all you farmers who called us on it, are still wrong.  
The kissan bill is very interesting and important. Kissan who are owners and producers, can produce and sell without an agent who get a massive margin of profits. The biggest people who are losers are the farmers and the consumers. Farmers must get the best formulas through cooperatives. Where the new generation may benefits. The farmers produce and do their own marketing and exportation through their cooperative societies. No need of brokers. That why some politicians are not accepting the new law because they have some benefits with the actual system and the brokers
Why the left leader not included. They were the vital figures to unify the different farmers groups . The Kisan Sabha
When farmers are paid 6 months after they weigh sugarcane in the sugar mills. Then why they are not paid the interest rate as per the bank rates. Because, when the farmers are bound to pay interest rates on the loan they take out from banks.
Prohibition of burning stubble from crop is a clause in this new farm bill to prevent pollution. Well, what Greta wants to suggest by supporting farmers?
All I can see is the protesters going out of control and being violent, the farmers spokesman said the police refusal for protests inside Delhi on sites like Ram leela maidan was bizarre well don't blame the police look at the video these farmers are thugs.
Thank you for good journalism   godi media need training from vox
No neta is caring about farmers...this is just vote bank politics..
95% of Indians dont want the new bill, still they approved it
And another thing there are other ways to benefit marginalized farmer's also so don't lose hope
These bills are totaly against punjabi sikhs.
By chance Modi Ji has done right thing. Hope they do not bend to these blackmailing people sitting around Delhi.
Unsubscribe their channel and dislike their videos if you are with farmers.
If such states like Bihar has to " Import grain from other state " in cheaper rate than their own farmers, then  farmers there might be growing other crops than wheat and rice. Why government of India can not give MSP on the basis of their need in buffer stock?
It's  a true reality. We are not only loosing the farmers but also the youths who  are supporter of BJP. I just remember the line by Dr Rahat Indori who said
All drama started now before election like taking farmers law back, reducing 10 rupees on petrol after increasing 50 on petrol,  master in acting wah
For doubling of Farmers income and for agriculture development , Central Govt has supported or initiated various steps like - I). 99 Irrigation projects supported under LTIF and Completed by March 2020 (Rs. 90000 crore) in various states, ii) PM Fsal Bima yojna revised in 2015 where pre sowing expenditure in case of no sowing was included (implementation is in hand of State Govt), iii), PM - Samman Nidhi (Rs. 75000 crore, KCC interest subvention upto Rs. 3 lakh (5% interest subvention), iv) PM- SAMPADA yojana( to increase Fish Production).v)  Dairy Infrastructure Development Fund for Cooperative Sector to incresae milk processing capacity , Vi) Animal Husbandry Infrastructure Development Fund, vii). Agril Infrastructure Fund (Rs. 1 lakh crore), viii), Formation of 10000 Farmers Producers Organisation by 2024-25 in each block, ix), e-NAM trading through 525 APMCs, x). Agri Start Up Yojana, etc. - You can judge yourself as these schemes are already on ground.
#RepealCAA Northeast india  .
khali pole tha desh ka flag pehle hath mae diya fir usne apne sathi ko catch krwaya (wo catch krwane k liye fekka kyunki video mae khud wo banda kafi uchai pae tha )  fir kisan or keasri flag lgaya jab tractor pae flag tha th police walo nae tractor k sath sath jhande pae dande chalaye tab kaha gyi wafadaari apne jhande k sath ?
It's not just ' ' kisaan, farmers if more than  80% were involved in this protest .
Happy that govt and farmers settled the issue
And BTW farmers are not only in Punjab Haryana, they are present in every corner of our country. So stop calling this a farmer's protest and rename this as "Khalistani" riots. #referandum_2020
Farmers all over india to be helped by govt.
Specially sikh farmers... 
Basic fact- no farmers, no food.
BJP chut bolte hai bathka chut bolte roz election ke bath ye log chut bolte jaise jo bhi vadah kartey hai likhen bjp log after election bolte hai ek bhi vadah fullfill nahi hua from GORAKHPUR UP jai hind
Basically it is bill for Ambani and Adani( businessman) ke liye hai , privatisation, I was thinking that bill for Kisan... government don't want take responsibility from all the things. railway, airport, BSNL communication, agriculture privatisation means all Gujarati hold the main place and all other people will become their slaves ,I think this bad for society....as most these things are owned by Gujarati people.....so sad
Finally farmers won.. but is it development ?
5. most importantly, it is about poor farmers of entire india vs. mislead rich farmers of punjab. the poor farmers who can't afford pizza, would be happy for the new option to sell their crops in private market, because they are not being able to sell at apmc anyway. rich farmers of punjab are just confused, whether they will themselves lead to closure of apmc. if they don't want this, it is entirely upto them.
May Guru Nanak himself bless Mr PM and may BJP win in byelections of 2022 Punjab
godi media why ur highlighting khalistan in ur words . there shud be rules for the anchors also .
Watching this with my family. Love to your channel from UK  thanks for covering   No Farmers No food 
Amazing you made us to understand the whole thing why farmers are on strike
Farmers have right to sell their crops wherever they want... That's freedom.... Also n advise to VOX y don't u compare the farming policy with America's n Europe's policy.....
The farm laws which were enacted were 100% correct and BJP knew that..the people livin in punjab those r farmers who r roaming in Porsche n can afford to pay the apmc the Mandi bill but their is not one section in the whole india uk other regions where the people r not that wealthy r unable to pay the bill they can sell it to private companies without paying any tax n when it comes to the thing that if the produce is not that gud somehow then they can sell it to apmc as usual with msp..n the thing that farmers were saying that they were not consulted beforehand..what do u guys think ? Modi ji had a dream last night n decided to implement the law next day..this law has beeen in the process of discussion since decades..
Died Farmers should get compensation
In conclusion, the repeal doesn't work well for IND and it's agriculture, no doubt about that. However, the declaration of forming a committee to bring in agri-reforms was also made in the same speech. Keeping in mind the khalistani factor in Punjab, I guess it's a good move for now, and BJP stands a good chance to make it beneficial for it as well. I know the immediate reaction for the supporters is like "BJP chose politics" or "NaMo is weak", but I guess BJP is better placed to handle those things than it was to handle the Punjab scenario. In a democracy, both the government and the opposition needs to act responsibly for the country to make progress. A sabotaging opposition doesn't help, one can't clap with one hand.
In short the farmers have the option to sell their products wherever they get the best price - it could be a company or a direct consumer or any other market.
i understand farm law through you sekhar ji , and i know it was good for people same CAA . But its ok atleast we know why our farmers and muslim are in poor state , because they don't want a change , also i learnt if you have free people you can do anything in this country you can legalize porn to reduce sentencing for criminals , all you need people who don't understand anything to with you. ... . Recently PM Modi visited my home town jhansi , and we were so much happy , i saw first prime minister to bother about bundelkhand , no one else i remember ever visisted and stay there .
VERY UNFORTUNATE THESE 3 FARM LAWS ARE REPEALED. THESE 3 FARM LAWS ARE REALLY GOOD FOR FARMERS. IT IS ALREADY IMPLEMENTED IN POCKETS IN TAMILNADU AND IS A BIG SUCCESS. 'DUCATI BIKE' FARMERS HAVE OVER-POWERED THE RIGHTS OF ORDINARY SMALL FARMER WHO WOULD HAVE GOT A SAY & FREEDOM IN FIXING THE PRICE & SELLING ANYWHERE ACROSS INDIA OF HIS CROP BY THESE LAWS
Proud to be a farmer no farmer no food 
In 2017 during A rally by bjp in UP, they put the bjp flag above national flag...
Missed your " unbiased " reporting today . Farmers were so Peaceful 
Its a circus  please this is modi India
jab congress same bill laye toh thik , ab agar bjp laa rahi toh kharab!!! logic where go
Just like the Arab Spring, it's the India's revolution to throw away the govt. It is also important to note that the defence forces & all other security services are in favour of these farmers most of whom are their families & parents. Rebel/mutiny is a very clearly on the way. It may take just a few days or weeks hence.
Problem is msp which government can't give legal assurance. Making msp legal can make indian farm products unsellable in global market due to their high price.
Please Spares their farm land , there's a big mistake about farmers while drafting laws , because in India , land is the pride of farmer's it means both bulls lock their horn's
One thing more the bill doesnt states  that private buyers  will garanteed buy the stuff from all farmers where in mandis i seen all the stuff wheat or rice is sold 
The laws are written as "agrarian reform" but really its "agrarian de-regulation" with stripping of protections, rather than adding more protections that are needed. This de-regulation is in the spirit of trying to kill the small agrarian society and transfer to a big business mentality, which the farmers are obviously not in agreement with. 
Always with our farmers. They're fighting for everyone protesting against this fascist government. We'll win this fight.
Why modi brings farmers laws...
They told in Punjab that these bills are anti farmer
Lot of alphanso mango producer in Konkan Maharashtra are allready selling their products to world ... Same thing can happen for other small farmers all over India due to new laws..
Every thing is very shameful, form gov, so called farmers and silent people.....
MSP = minimum support price not minimum selling price maam kindly correct it
THEY R SHOWING ONLY AUDITED VERSION IF U CHECK INTERNET THIS PEOPLE SO CALLED FARMERS ATTACKED POLICE GLOBAL SHOWING ONLY CUT IMAGE SHAME ON YOU
Support from Pakistan 
I am proud of India,  that under the leadership  of  Narendra Modi .we are progressing . I have full faith in this govt . , I listened to this act actually during the loksabha session . 
It is Afghan territory illegally occupied by Pakistan .. Now Taliban taking it back.. Nothing wrong.
The entire argument is based on the assumption that govt is abolishing msp, which is a fake news. It's not their in the bill. So if at all this bill does anything it gives more options to the farmers, get more flexibility on top of the existing infrastructure.
#Supports farmers protect
3 farm laws are only beneficial to poor farmers, landless labourers and marginal farmers. And it is not at all beneficial to rich farmers, and loss to dalals who runs mandis . That is why these rich farmers and dalals by their money power made even poor farmers as their supporters.
Mr Ravish kumar, Political potentials are responsible to make or break national  success, China jumped in Afghanistan to achieve every possible earnings through investments and so on, in spite Indian leaders need ages to understand how to join hands, more. Indians need no positive development but only Jai Sri Ram better instrument to stay in illusion with in the country.
Farmers now are at middle men mercy. Let them eat shut if they they want to.
The people are only maker of the government and farmers are the breath  of the government
If the farmer is rich, then so is the nation.
All big fraud are befooling the poor farmers. They are paid workers of Ardthiyas and will be properly handl by these poor farmers in coming days.SKM is not taking real issue of farmers. Such as - Maximum Large farmers (> 10 ha) and Medium Farmers(More than 2 Ha) are in Rajasthan. (43% large farmer and 28% medium farmer of the country). These farmers live in W. Rajasthan and their income is < than 2 acre of irrigated areas. They never get benefit of Loan Waiver(criteria is < 5 Kila or Acre or 2 ha) and EBC reservation. How Adani and Amabni will harm these farmers as they dont have production.  KCC limit, interest subvention, crop insurance, farmers definition, power connection, unemployment in rural youth, stray animals, etc so many issues are there. Tikait is saying KCC is bad. You know his ignorance and foolishness.
Modi is a great strategist there must have been a good reason for him to withdraw. We need to trust Modi. Losing UP  could be devastating for BJP. India needs Modi  & BJP.
The best video I have come across regarding Farm bills
Edit:I said it bcz all the farmers have sons who are in indian army, police or high post like IAS and they will not keep quiet if their fathers will be exploited and Indira Gandhi was shot by a comando so u can see.
This scene of togetherness and support for Farmers from non-farmers community is adding fuel to RSS and their ideology ... Wait and watch RSS will surely use state machinery to  cause trouble for these protesters ... Very dark days ahead ...  
One section of Farmers won . Others again will face same poverty. One Problem of democracy system
Not all people who support farm laws believe that the farmers moment is a Khalisthani movement. There are a lot of them who have  welfare of farmers at their heart and believe that farm laws were a right step in that direction. If you categorize all those that hold a view point other than that of yours as some sort of narrow minded fools then how better are you than those new channels that you are criticizing?
I think bjp waana set grounds in punjab with alliance with captain ameinder singh new party or him joining bjp. 
We are with my Prime Minister Modi ji .
Congratulations to farmers.
I would appeal to folks like Devendar Sharma to make changes to the Farm bill and put forth a proposal. This would change the discussion from Pro/Against Farm bill to the meat of the matter.
We proud on Haryana Punjab Brothers
Plz beware Those fighting is not farmers.. those are the same goons who have come many times to disrupt peaceful protest and end the peaceful protest.. we all indians know who sent them to red fort!! Jai kisan
An extremely intelligent way to create/amend laws that sound like they benefit farmers, but in fact only line the pockets of big organisations. Farmers will earn less, if they're lucky some 'big' farmers may earn the same. Consumers will pay more. 
Godi media doing their job by defending bjp
SDM  has the power to  do  whatever required for maintaining law and order , if so  called  farmer create violence then  reply will  be given in  violence. he has said right
save india save indian  culture by supporting framer  protesting for msp
Farmers win, you win,God is great
Every Indians know what Modi motif are..
the law will taken back  its good and i support farmers,,,,,,
How could sons of these farmers looking their fathers mercilessly bashed up by theae scums.!!
Kishan aandolan me aallah huu akbar yaa har har mahadev jaise relegious naare ki kya jarurat hai ! Although we are secular because of understanding between all the community but nothing related with Farmers 
I don't know why I'm here but when I hear  about this then  me means india youth opinion is that the bills which was passed by government is right because these bills is all of our country and now why the farmers are protesting but on the other side farmers also right and one of the side government is ALSO right then what was the propoganda on this I don't know
5 State upcoming elections are coming thats y modi ji changed its stand because of elections
Farmers are at fault? What this guy talking, same like modi
Great Video, Support Farmers only thing that bugged me is they should take some precaution and not be dismissive about COVID, ngl hated seeing all the elders out without mask..... Hope it ends soon
A surplus of food is bad because the low prices invalidate small farms, but a deficit of food is much worse.
Repealing farm laws is against development, but without change how will govt double the income of farmers upto 2022.
what about India investment in Afghanistan against Pakistan
We shouldn't forget the role of haryana and some district of up too even after complete crackdown by bjp led state government they support punjab in protest. This is real protest not like CAA where it become roits before it become protest. Hope we UP can support but even Akhilesh and all other opposition leader are restricted from going out to protest.
I feel this is an incomplete piece of Story. It should have explained what is farmers law, what does it state, and how it affects farmers? Instead this documentary just states what the farmers think about the law.
See farmers were not happy with these laws govt. repealed them, farmers shud be happy now, the outcome, will it be fair unfair, all will know soon
Big loss to farmers...but also end of all hope for opposition to win ..
When you're accustomed to privilege equality feels like oppression. The farmers truly fit this phrase.
This people who are explaining ...what will happen in contract farming...are those ...who even I guess not even put their footprint in any farm......reading a book Nd making a video is easy but.....have ever analyzed how many companies in India have done the contract with farmers and even didn't come to buy their harvest..........if a corporate will decide a harvest price....then ....time will come when ...........like the way now we are not allowed to use incoming calls free or even for DD NEWS or doordarshan for free..........even that has a minimum TRAI Fees.....the same farmers will be bound to sell to nearby available corporates only ....even at whatever price they decide.....and even if any conflict occurs...we do not have so many magistrates that ....they can handle those matters....we will thousands of legal formalities that farmers won't understand......even they won't go and stand for their return that was promised under the pressure of all these legal formalities and conduct's..... sitting in the corporate and buying these harvest and doing business out of it would be routine for the corporates but those who will face the consequences out of it will be in pain......... Anyways.....you guys carry-on supporting the bill......
Now BJP Will Win And Shut the Dukkan Of Congress in Punjab Too
Now few people say that farmers are not so educated to understand online procedures.
Thanks SIT for your update. The terrorist who killed innocent farmers at Lakhimpur using vehicles as weapon must be harshly punished. Supreme court must make sure the case is not diluted. Jay Hind, Bharat Mata ki jay... Jay Jawan, Jay Kisan
Russia China pakistan alliance victory.
Modi gi can do never make fool indian farmer , , because all indian farmer  , because   farmer has super mind than modi gi
Congratulations my dear farmer. due to your rigrous struggle.this dictorship government come on there  
Farmers are winner.we all are with farmers. They are real heroes
Minimum Supporting price is not for all the crops grown by farmers. As you said price discovery is happening in  APMC. Is it not good if there is a price agreement before sowing itself, atleast there will be a assured buyer. Presently farmers are growing thinking that there will be a buyer from somewhere for their produce and unfortunately many a times they are throwing their produce on the roads and committing suicides. I have studied in agricultural University and we were taught about the advantages of contract farming. When buyer also will have assured price for his supplies and he can also proceed further with his  processing. I don't know why this is painted with communist or socialist angle. When a shirt or pizza can have a price before selling, why not farmers produce. Pl make a deeper study and analyse.
He repealed bcz in punjab bjp will alliance with arminder party 
I'm from Pakistan... And surprised India still have such people.. Very non bised analysis.
Ma'am you said that, only 6% farmers are benefitted by MSP.  Can you please explain this statement.
For political rallies and elections there is no carona no rules  when farmers started agitating for their rights suddenly govt woke up and preaching about  covid rules and trying to put restrictions shame on them
All political parties are with farmers and winners ?
All anti national s in the name of farmer are going back. I am also a farmer. These laws are benefit to real farmers
Well done Modiji we are with you. 
THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR SUPPORT TO FARMERS. GOD BLESS YOU ALL.  BEST WISHES FOR YOUR FUTURE .
by Modi government the slogan is Jai Jawan, JAi Digitalise and farmers stop farming, we want to totally remove you from India!
The Farmers Agreement Ordinance creates a framework for contract farming through an agreement between a farmer and a buyer prior to the production or rearing of any farm produce.  It provides for a three-level dispute settlement mechanism: the conciliation board, Sub-Divisional Magistrate and Appellate Authority.
let the free market prevail modi/bjp
FCI has not built enough well developed storage houses, packaging, transportation setups where farmers can hire those services so that they can sell their products to prospective buyers when there is a right price for their end-products. 
Mr  Tikiat doesn't want to answer    Media should not project him as  kISAN leader
We miss all farmers who loss their lives during this great movement. We salute all farmers.
farmers brave winter but india todays bi product ajj tak's cowardly  facts .. dont try make people foolish..all know your propagonda through your ajj tak..lol
Rakesh Tikait  Sir Great Farmer Hitaishi
More power to the guys protesting, people supporting govt don't know these are indirectly trying to prevent a bizzare law favouring corporates which can affect every single individual residing in India
This should be the last such thing should never happen because we know there are people and organizations which literally wants to break the unity of the country and this will give them a tremendous confidence. I Hope they wont repeal CAA, its very much necessary for the minority non muslim people living in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Bangladesh
So-called farmers, Public Sab janti hai
Bang on farmers
Magistrate with a heartless for the farmers, though depending food on the farmes ' hard work, he still doesn't know that without these farmers  nobody will survive, solute you dear farmers may the Almighty God  bless all the plants you grow.
I don't think BJP is bothered with Punjab. I guess they have gift-wrapped it and given it to Captain and for now he would be taking care of that state. For the remaining states, BJP can simply put the entire blame on the opposition for the repeal of the farm laws. Given that there was very little protest across the country, I guess most farmers believed that the laws were good for them. I won't be surprised if BJP now raises it's pitch against the opposition and shifts the entire responsibility on them. After all, BJP did try, tried for almost two years, but Punjab was slipping away from IND and something had to be done.
I support farmer But what he did was not right who ask him to bring sword.... Protest m talwar kon lata hai it's a piecefull protest...
Those are supported to the Taliban rule they need to shift to the Taliban permanently from India immediately ( Gaddar).
The Modi-led BJP government took this step after the vote.
Now where is Supreme Courts Judges who hold farmers responsible for these type of incidents happened by BJP Gunda
This is not Anti Farmer. Please read the bill rather calling politicians especially Akali dal who themselves are biggest middleman and lose if new bill come into force
Kya ye channel modi chalatha he kya .. justice to farmers . Jai kisan
#farmers #pleasesupportfarmer
Thanks for the explanation ........#wesupportfarmers
So many people still not aware of farmers laws.....I think farmers lack behind in this zone to explore  and convince to people.
Farmers: Enough is Enough
Great farmers protest!! Let their concerns be addressed without further delay!!
VG has given the worlds largest finiancial assistance ever to farmers Rs16 per day per farmer How much mors geneeous can VG be ?
The one more reason for farmers protest , the advantage for farmer when they are selling at APMC/Mandis is govt buys at MSP as they don't look at quality, they simply weight  and credit the account.
This guy should be out of India, speaking something doing something else, most ugly government, killed farmers and now taking about farmers
Bro great report, but revolution always start from Punjab. According to new laws , farmers unable to reach courts. They can only reach maximum SDM office. Brother,  Up ,Bihar And Mp farmers has to suffers a lot for sell their crops because of govt finish MSP.
Farmers peaceful agitation should be allowed,Govt should hear them and support their cause after all it is the peoples Government, please try to solve their problems, without any police force.
Of the many things , the most important thing I learned from our farmers is that with Preserverance we will win the good fight. They've shown the real power of commons no matter who sits in power.
Unfortunate. People of India aren't ready for reforms. Now if rates of agricultural commodities fluctuates drastically or farmers are cheated by agents or traders, Government of India is not to be blamed.
Why people treat farmers like they are something above everything they do farming to earn not to feed us for free they are doing business same as everyone doing
Don't support the big corrupt companies  support our Farmers
It is heinous act by government to provoke farmers to show violence while they have been protesting peacefully for almost more than 50 days. They do their best to provide food to each and everyone but their own country leaders don't listen their voice.
Are they reallly a farmers it is all orchestrated
Hopefully now joh Desh mai itne saalo sey farmers suicide ker rahe thai ab woh luxury life jhi sakhenge Thank-you God 
Continued massive subsidy is unsustainable. Irrespective of the very positive view of Mr Sharma, aadhatiyas are the reason why farmers don't get a fair deal for the produce. The modification required is to allow farmers to sell directly to consumers..preferably on a co operative Amul Model
To stop the farmer's protest, Goverment tried to divert the path to create misunderstanding regarding Farmer's in people's mind. 
If farmers dont want this law, why force it on them??
No farmers no food 
So great farmers 
Thanks haryana for support kissan union
Had you been following reporting the way the sequence had been going on you wouldn't have believed it was in farmers nature to do that, don't show propaganda news
Congrats "Surrender" MODI....u have made India a "Bheed Tantr" now....Shame on u...u broke hope of real farmers...Mandi mafia Won..
I still remember 26 January, these so called farmer unions should be held accountable for the loss they are causing to Indian economy by blocking roads
Accepting the arguments that the laws should have been passed with much more finess and communicated better do you sincerely believe these are the real reasons why these failed? Why are you leaving out the facts that only a small portion of the farmers (?) were against, there were 13 rounds of talks which failed mainly since the demand was only repeal of laws & most of the provisions of these laws are being debated for the last many years including the previous regime. And will you throw some light on how many of the 91 reforms were discussed with stakeholders? Some impartial journalism this!
Please Don't serve incomplete knowledge. I studied bill. Nothing wrong in Essential Commodities Act too.
India has the largest agricultural land in the world even larger than US and China. India's farmland is one of the most fertile, inspite, India's agriculture productivity quality profitability is so low and has been declining for decades which pushed experts including economists Agri scientists policymakers entrepreneurs to look for overhaul solutions. The reforms are the solution put forward by these experts advocated by IMF and World Bank. These suggested reforms have been out there for decades but since it costs a lot of political capital, none of the weak Indian govt in the 90's and 2000s dared to do it. A very similar case is the 1991 LPG reforms (read about it, which transformed the Indian economy). finally, this govt decided to chew the bullets, also they have enough political capital to spend, bring in the reforms ..and as expected protests broke in..
Worstest time in our country after independence our country farmers are been beaten .....a lots of shame on modi ji
Dear Sir:  Agreed that Punjab and Haryana farmers are doing well and they want the current STATUS QUO to continue.  But there are other farmers in the rest of INDIA who want to scale up and do something.  For example, KERALA FARMERS are all ready to scale up on JACK FRUIT POWDER and are making arrangements for cold storage system which will be made available through FPO (farmer producer organizations).   Like this there are many many examples.  If Punjab and Haryana are happy with STATUS QUO then so be it.
APMC act has many flaws. As you mentioned 10:54 farmers from Punjab and Haryana are the one who are most benefited by MSP.  But only around 6 percent of farmers can take the benefit of the MSP all over india.
All old tractors are getting fitted fir local licrnce less leaders and farmers which will be pulled by  Buffaloes and Bulls to show high fuel price also.REASON FOR CREATING  PUBLIC NUISANCE  CAN BE ANY SILLY THING.
2. farmers don't have negotiating power: farmers can force the governemnt of india to repeal the act which is for their own benefit. but the same farmer unions don't have negotiating power with private companies. 
Yes, Ajay Mishra should resign immediately. His intention is clear to teach lesson to farmers.
Ajit Anjumji your contribution in the victory of the farmers is also important. 
Why would Farmers protest against their own freedom??
MODI YOGI TADIPAR     
Giving a higher MSP for crops in demand along with on the ground support might really be beneficial. Making the farmers comfortable is essential where this government has failed even though this is a really good reform.
Thanks Delhi Students and everyone who supported us we highly appreciate and thankful for this. Why i write us coz I'm also from Farmer Family and also commission agent service Provider In mandi who Locally call aadtia.  As a Farmer I love my land and my people. Right now I'm living in London and we all supporting this Farmers protest. Also big thank to Rihana who Hi light what is happening in Delhi border there's 10 crore followers of Rihana on tweeter. Respect Love you all
ideally the media should focus on whether the bills are anti farmers and how, not the type of report that can be used as a propaganda by inciting sympathies .....  ask these protesters what the bills exactly stand for and not even 1% of them will exactly know what they stand on !!! are the protestors also giving feedback to leaders as to how they should act when the Govt is negotiating with them so willfully ? i think communist leaders are working in their own self interest and propaganda in govt negotiations....
Inspite of this video, Republic Bharat Arnab Cawsamy is supporting BJP. India Today is atleat fair in this matter....
Win for farmers. Win for democracy.!
I don't care what the bill said (not that any of what it said made any good sense), India is a democracy. Will of majority rules. Glad to see we can still take the government on and they will listen.
Building an administration which will help farmers by providing them with buildings to freeze grain etc. Also, sir another reason why I think farmers are not trusting the bill is because developed countries like United systems and European countries have privatized agriculture and it hasnt worked. 
Happy about farmers. But like they say in video, its about election. Not a coincidence that lowering petrol also happened at the same time.
More than 50percent of government support goes , to these farmers .
But as there was no problem in farm law, non of the farmer was able to tell a single problem in farm law.
I think in the  name of farmers opposition party is creating so much of issues n voilence..farmers are not so wild animals
My kudos to all farmers of India for standing strong against evildoers, creeps who want to lure
What is the basic problem with the farmers????
Ha, Corporatization of agriculture mai farmer ko exploit kiya jaa sakta h.
In the regime of Narendra Modi and his party-BJP, his ideology source-RSS do not care what happens to people outside their circle of interest 
I don't support farm laws
Reporter should have seen Modi  Shah's election road shows in pandemic 
What an attitude  when he says  ban Karo Taliban KO  he knows that India will never ban Taliban 
Elections or a majority government in India are pointless apparently. No wonder foreign investment still largely keeps away from India even after Chinas downfall. Looks like Vietnam and Thailand are gonna succeed China instead long term with all the semiconductor and assembly manufacturing being set up currently. We still cant figure out how to modernize even Agriculture laws without politicizing it, forget about the massive infra needed to sustain and support such high tech supply chains.
Modi is making fool farmers don't forget about martyard people
Loop hole is in farmers intention too... farmer take loan and default intentionally to get refund from govt... every 5 years new govt comes and pays of old loans ... all product  are insured but they still ask for refund ... mostly Punjab farmers are above poverty line ... there should be law that they cant sold agri land to go canada...most sardar will start crying  ... stubble burning caused soo pollution in our delhi ... but they still didnt stop it ...that shows how low the farmer can fall too there shouldbe heavy penalties on that too...but there is no action..... soo both sides have bigger loopholes...but we didnt want to accept new law becoz it MAY exploit... but they want all good benefit from it .. soo i dont support protest   becoz thats baseless
Digging national highway is lawful. Farmers must file case aganist these activities.
Highly appreciate NDTV and it's whole team, including Camera persons, Lightings etc  for wonderful ground coverage in Indian Farmer Protests. 
1. Mishandling of the agitation by the Govt and BJP on the assumption that it would fizzle out in due course. The powers that be couldn't fathom the strength of the resolve of farmers.
Why vice doesn't show the monster truck mode of tractors. Literally trying to run over police.
my only favourite reporter in india..respect from pakistan
60 deaths in 40 days as protesting farmers fight the govt and the cold
You are right bro me too a Farmer and I feel u r right
But if you see what I see, if you feel as I feel, and if you would seek as I seek, then I ask you to stand behind farmers and students from tonight and together we shall give them a 25th of September that shall never, ever be forgot.
Thankyou VICE (from a farmer)
I don't agree with a few demands of the farmers protesting but the right to protest and right to be heard cannot be denied in a democracy. The way they're trying to undermine the protests by painting lies is just disgusting. What they should do instead is to have lengthy dialogues with them (however so many times necessary) and try to work out solutions, not try to beat them senseless.
He is talking about mental slavery, but in reality implementing shariah law in modern world is a mental slavery that's What Pakistan is going to suffer when Pakistan Taliban will act brutally as per shariah law.
Farmers across india ?
Don't Punish farmers due to corrupt Politicians & its nexus which are making money during Govt Poucurment
If the farmers want to suffer, let them. What else? Finally, it is the farmer who lost.
Bloody goons should have some gratitude for the farmers who feed them
IMF: Farm laws are beneficial for economy of India
This, in fact, is the fundamental difference between the new laws and the existing laws of most of the states that already permit private markets to operate. Some states also allow contract farming, and virtually no state bans its farmers from selling anywhere in India. But a false narrative has been created that the new reforms create one nation one market, as if it did not exist before. Punjab farmers have been selling crops like Kinnow, potato, cotton etc all over India, just as Bihar sends truck-loads of Paddy to Punjab and Haryana because its APMCs were abolished in 2006 and private markets are not remunerative.
He ruined the lives of youth  ,farmers and poor Indians.
Every  punjabi  knows  what  is written in 3 page bill we have very  intelligent  person  in Indian  parliament  called Bhagwant mann  who explains every  clause  of the bill in detail
why print is making it look like this is a competition for govt too, govt from the beginning has given enough respect to the farmers whatever the reason may be (vote, etc) even now I think they are quiet and this might just work they just might outlast these protests, I think they can scatter protests even faster if they explain laws in a better way to the people on the ground, yes i think that the "farmers" group now are taking this as a fight for their respect, again I am just a student but this just shows why we (India) might not be able to grow as fast China has done in last decades, people personal hidden agendas will always be more important than India's growth, will always be more important than taking people above the poverty, will always be more important than establishing a healthcare system, simple people will always get behind short-sighted people running for their personal gains and we (India) will keep wasting time.
Thanks BBC for covering Farmer's protest when maximum of India media is sold out in the hand of govt
Support farmers for your own food in future
Why no western president blames the Indian government regarding Indian farmer protest????
As far as farm laws are concerned, its not over till bjp is over. They have 'gold standards' in licking boots of money makers.
Bihar always had least per capita income, in fact  ever since the mandis have been eliminated  the agri growth there has skyrocketed. The mandis are inefficient  and needs be undone. The editor also conveniently omitted the fact that average land holding in bihar is less than a third than in punjab. Relatively speaking farmers in bihar have higher per capita income.
please support farmers,  the corporates will exploit the poor farmers especially the small scale farmers
If these laws were so righteous as he is saying, then why didnt he meet the farmers even once?? Lagta to yahi hai ke ye sab nautanki hai, to cover up the past deeds and off course elections are coming.
The model he is talking about is in implementation in wasi in Maharashtra and Bihar this pro corporate representative is an ignoramus person because he is not aware the model he is advocating is already in existence in Bihar and Wasi in Maharashtra and the farmers are in worst condition persons like him are impediments in the road to Welfare State
And farmer help us to live.....
Farmer protest is history 
To arrest someone without any warrant.This is BJP Modi Government..it really sucks
God please help farmer 
Kisan majdoor ekta jindabaad  please support the farmers 
Pratik Gupta deserves praise for this effort.. as stated these kulaks in up punjab Haryana need to hear ...
Can experts here tell me point wise the benefits of the 3 laws for farmers and also address the apprehensions of the farmers regarding these laws ?????????
It seems it is useless for farmers protest like this! The government doesn't give a damn if the farmers just peacefully protest like this. Poor farmers!
The 94% farmers you are talking about.. They suffers because of govt doesn't buy the producers at the accurate time. And they are cursed to sell to private
India: *Farmers protests*
This will only help big farmers. But loss for the small farmers. There are only handful of big farmers.
It's not the farmers who were deceased during the protests but it's the *Humanity* which deceased and killed by Government in each & every way possible.
Love you to all my farmers uncle
Surprisingly for 2 mo. No violence, Maha panchayat no violence but on 26th Jan violence - Public knows everything & who really did the violence. Why has police not arrested Deep Sidhu the BJP agent who did the violence to spoil farmer names
Nobody trolls the supporters of this Govt like Modiji himself...
Hats off to you sir such a great job that you are supporting farmers
The reason is same as why Modi lost 2019 general election...
The government should debate with farmers on this bill before turning it in a act
If this was Pakistan there would have hue and cry  plus propaganda and what not on Indian news channels.
khatter is full of shit... bjprss ko bhagavo Desh ko bachavo...#kisanektazindabaad
God: The farmers  represent me on this earth.
Churuni - You are misguiding the farmers    llllllllll
Farmers made their own loss in the influence of middlemen. 
Feku ka ghamand aur obscene haughtiness got shattered. Each time bj party is defeated, india progresses. Defeat them in UP and see how great india will become.
SUPPORT farmers of the.. This..is.. DECTERSHIP..cac.nnot... accept...I... public s.. this.. democracy... India...
Tragic to think these are the people the American troops needed support from while they tried to fight the Taliban.
There are four demands of farmers for which this protest is happening
Modi ji......You have done good work for kishan.
Up Election could have started before 1 year back, maximum farmers must alive
Govt. needs to initiate formation of platform for farmers in order to manage the agriecosystem with pricing policy as prevails in industrial sector. In fact, pricing policy for home market needs to be uniform for all products. This will safe guard equal opportunity for all citizens. Each one's time will fetch equal monetary remuneration. But,  I don't mean a work of higher importance will not be rewarded. It has got to be rewarded with out being monetary directly. It may be facilities that provide ease of life like services for which financial expenditure may be incurred by nation. Well,  coming back to agri policy, following points may please be considered for debate. 
Not happy with Taliban success, but on a lighter note, is this means Pakistan defeat super power and NATO??
Rakesh Tikayath he is living for Jawan and Kissans. Am from Kerala and Ex Army person. Jaat we have enjoyed it in army being a South Indian. Jaat is true
Currently Modiji seems to have lost his pathway and has been quarreling with the Allies of Shree Atul Bihari Vajpayee (the founder of BJP and the 1st BJP Prime Minister of India) and has turned their close Allies into their Adversaries and Foes.
Modi is great man jisne garib kisano ke baare me sochha and farm law repeal kar diya. ...warna wo to kisi ko nahi chodne Wale top leader hai....
Did you know farmers in India don't pay Income Tax, despite the fact that there are tax slabs to take care of poorer farmers... Why is it that none of these people cried injustice when investors in India have to pay income tax, dividend distribution tax and later individual income tax with additional cess for the sake of subsidizing their produce that "no one is going to buy and is probably gonna end up with rats and insects in some govt. warehouse.. These people should feel shameful that first they left the nation that they now call home for a better lifestyle in a developed nation... but when India implements reforms to go in the same direction they have guilt the government into regressing back to a licence raj regime!
I am happy for Indian people by reading comments. You are becoming smart not just puppets. Hats off to you. People can change everything. Public of Pakistan and India can overthrow these hypocrite governments
There is no division among the farmers. Of course if anyone was politically motivated one he may deceive and return & none else.
Love and support to the SchoopWhoop Team. Let's speak about a new revolution which actually resolves the farmer's problem and degrading soil and food quality.
Boht ache farmer bhaiyo
Why don't the farmers who are against these laws protest? Now they should come out on the roads. After all they are in majority
Salute to all the farmers who stood against such dictatorship..
we are with farmers.................. roti par business mat karo
The reforms will also sound death of the rural development in Punjab and Haryana, which is sustained on market fee and rural development cess. Punjabs annual income from these sources is about 4000 crores and it is used to fund rural infrastructure, particularly 5000 Kms of village link roads, agricultural research, storage godowns etc. The new laws do not provide an alternate source of revenue for the loss of this income as these take away the power of states to impose any fee or cess, by whatever name called.
we r not buying food for free..paisa deke khareedte hai..farmers hai toh kya award de unko..and jiomart is far better than mandi..these r not even farmers..these are paid goons
India need to support panjasheer
Bravo farmers go forwards be brave down with Delhi Police. From the time BJP has come to power they want to also destroy the grainery of India that Punjab to Hell with your New law u deshdrohi politicians. I wish I could do so.ething for your'll, I pity your state oh u farmers down with BJP rule. corruption has increased all the more.
Vox has a good format for making videos and explanation. Unfortunately your plain and simple explanation sometimes leaves out a lot of important facts. I would encourage everyone to read the actual bills that were passed in both the house and not just rely on media explanation and perceptions before forming an opinion. This is not a comment pro or against farmers but a general observation. In this age of rampant digital misinformation one should be very careful and always consume any news piece with a pinch of salt.
Farmers are right
Mei pehle Andhbhakt tha, but now I am not a BJP supporter
We Tamil people support farmers...
Modi succeeded in bringing the bill, WE failed to deserve it. 
I understand these 3 bills are good for the farmers but mostly illeteracy driving them towards dependency on middleman agents. But Central government must boost counciling to farmers and educate them.
This peasant movement will go down in history as a new trendsetter and will serve as a Harbinger of a new era. The Indian farmers have now shown what they are capable of. Now let the workers and farmers of this and other countries must carry forward the struggle.
We dnt want modi government again....next election my vote Kejriwal
I support Rakesh Tikait on this matter.
Election is not the main reason jo vote bjp ko dene wale hai wo dene hi wale hai vice versa
its not punjab farmers its all india farmers .. godi media ....check ur self first
not real farmers of india. fake
We elect government. Should government serve Indian people. We will elect good , educatied, sense  and gentle man CM and PM, not like baba and nonsense mind leader who are in BJP.
He alone is better journalist than whole godi media
2 ) Farmers , tractor owners ki list tyar kari jaani chahiye thi farmer leaders k dwara 
There are talks in gujarat that police allowed the routes and the BARRICADED the same routes .... which led to farmers anger and may be unwanted element from BJP supporters did the violence .....
Actually in short, these laws will take indian farmers and agriculture to 21st century.
PALLAVI PATEL TUMHE HARA RAHI HAI STOOL MANTRI,,RAKESH TIKAIT  UKHAD DIYE HAI BJP KO WEST ME
India's own issues are important than Taliban
Haha Indian media is shivering....lol
every hour a farmer die, no one talks about it
Ajit anjumji you are worthy of this welcome and applause on behalf.of farmers. You are a bold reporter.I also congratulate.you
Reporter and ABP please ask question to your Boss (gov) talking with Taliban in Doha indian ambassy?
Deep Singh was Right 80 to 90 percent people in Punjab thinks Journal Bhinderwala was not a terrorist.. He was given the Title of Sant.
Farmers its my urge Never forgot the words govt used for you When time comes take revenge in elections
Can u put up video on 3 farm laws , because  all farmers against but on paper seems to be very good farmers...
2. Why Punjab and Haryana APMC have the highest cess of 8.5%??
The flag hoisted at Red Fort isn't a Khalistani Flag, it is called Nishan Sahib and the National Flag was not removed from anywhere, Nishan Sahib was placed on an empty pole near Red fort entrance. At some UP Election Rally BJP lotus was placed above the National Flag. I dont know why every media house have covered what happened at ITO, defaming farmers for hoisting Nishan Sahib but these people have been out there, barely surviving this harsh weather conditions for over two month patiently and peacefully protesting now, many died no one really cared, tricked by DL Police and remain unheard by our country's media houses, politicians. A ground report from the channel @scoopwhoopunscripted is seen covering the eye witnesses statement where they admit to have seen DL Police damaging DTC Buses and blaming these on farmers (10AM-11AM). 
Already GDP is on decline due to covid 19 then why Govt wants to impliment new act when farmers are not happy.
You and the people behind "Think School" are brilliant. The only problem in these 3 farm bills is "MSP". Can your team study and explain as to why is the Govt not regulating the MSP. Thank You
Half of the country works in agriculture. I feel for these farmers who have likely been on single family small farms for generations, but the reality is that shouldnt be sustained in the 21st century when more efficient options for the country as a whole are available. If you look at the farmers decreasing share of wealth by GDP its mostly not because they are getting poorer its because all the other sectors are getting richer as they continue to industrialize/innovate. In the short term it may be hard to believe, but in the long term what the government is doing is probably for the best of all of them.
Khalistani killed four BJP workers
Don't play with human rights, Modi Ji
IMPORTANT INFORMATION:  FARMERS SELL IN MARCH AND OCTOBER. MARCH 2021 WAS LIKE ALWAYS. OCT 2021 THEY GOT THE BENEFIT AND MONEY NOW THEY KNOW THE DIFFERENCE. IN NOV 2021 THE FARM LAWS WERE TO BE REPEALED BY BLAMING OPPOSITION. IN MARCH 2022 FARMERS WILL GET LOSS AS IN MARCH 2021. NOW THE SILENT FARMERS MAJORITY REALISE THE DIFFERENCE AND WILL STAND UP FOR FARM LAWS AND 2022 ELECTION TIME BJP WILL EXPLAIN THE LAWS BLAMING OPPOSITION.. AND THE SUPREME COURT WILL GIVE JUDGEMENT BY THEN AND GOVERNMENT  WILL NOT HAVE TO REPEAL FARM LAWS WITH SUPPORT OF MAJORITY OF FARMERS.
BJP has lost its base in Haryana as well. But they will still win in other places by doing Hindu Muslim
Lands from them . This two way work is functional in many developed countries. If you think you are educated then first have a research on this then mark your opinion because your opinion can change someone else. And tell me why only 6% farmers are against of it the reason is that they are wealthier section of farmers who do not need any change but farmers of jharkhand Bihar like States need new ways .Now our India is at a verge of development in all over world , we are becoming global leaders so some anti national elements are working to change this government anyhow by hook or by crook.
Farmers are in the field...they are politically motivated "farmers"..
 In case of APMC Closing down we see the situation in MP total 49 closed in last 6months and work come down @36%. Already corporate has cheated many farmers in last 6months only in MP. You are also missing the storage limit for farmers and businesses. You have only forwarding the Modi government vicious agenda.
Farmers are the backbone of India. Don't try to break them.
700 odd farmers are martyrs of this fight for right..
So, please read all three bills as there are several more things mentioned in them and the Farmer of the Country might be innocent but not a fool and he understands all these three bills.
Farmer bill benefits = demonetization's benefits....samjh rhe ho na aap
Voted for BJP but full support for kissan andolan
Minimum support price is applicable for wheat and paddy produced in bihar also.Then supplying rice @Rs.2/kg or so should not hurt farmers of bihar
Though i dont get any direct benefit from Modi ji govt. i still love him and wish for his good health and long live.
Modi Govt has done appreciable job in coming up with the bill to resolve most of the farmer issues. 
LoL they ban when farmers win  what a joke
Farmers should put a halt to its production. Bringing the govt to a complete halt
No Farmer  No Food. 
P. M. Modiji crying for small farmer....
Who support BJP
Same here in canada. I have strong emotional attaching to my beloved ancestor land India.  Seeing government doing this to farmers is really sad.
Where is going Indian democracy its shame on the bjp government
The farmers were very very happy before the green reforms of the 60's; in fact the farming states were the wealthiest in India. Not unhappy and looking for government help as you stated. 
Fight on till farmers get justice.
Farmers should stay in the Protest
Farmers are rights
well, the taliban defeated USA, they should just walked over to pakistan
Incorrect assumption that private players will pay more than the mandi price! The only way to solve this problem is to increase farm yields per acre thereby reducing cost of production so that cost of production per KG/quintal is lower than the free market rate.  Our Agriculture Universities have completely failed the farmers and our country to help improve farm productivity levels.  Without solving for this farming in our country is a loss  making and not sustainable and the farmers will continue to need financial support.
India with farmars
Your findings are right but it has some loopholes ...I come from a farmers family ...we grow two crops every year ....and in my locality everyone does the same ...if not 2 grain crops then one legume and one grain ....so practically the no remains same .....it will not increase by 1.5 or 150%percent. Also yield of rice is more at some places/hectare then wheat ....you cant rally relate. Anyways other findings are great.
After UP election  , again farm laws will be introduced??????
Congrats to our dear farmers. 
Everything has been exposed now, and hope real farmers undertand it, bcs they themselves supported the bills earlier. Thanks to Re-Greta Thunburg !  #GretaThunburgExposed
But it is not good for farmers who want to change with time
Punjab will face ground water shortage due to excessive rice farming.
They specifically used public buses to stop so later on they can accuse farmers for damaging public property
Excuse me, but this is how democracy works. Indian democracy is healthy and working,  that is the point here. Modi is not an autocratic strongman like western liberal media want to portray him; he is a democratically elected leader, that needs to surrender to the power of people ultimately. Ridiculous examples related to vajpayee and manmohan lost badly, not bravery, poor judgement since power in democracy lies with the people..
2. Do other state farmers have an issue of middleman.
Ye to apki video dekh kr clear ho gya h k vipaksh sirf jhooth bolkar apni roti sek raha hai. Modi ji is actually trying to bring change in the system aur ye nakli neta kisano ko pagal bna rhe h. I support the bill completely as it will benefit the farmers. Jai Hind
U r straight forward yes but u have also mentioned why farmer don't believe on modi government as they see their past records of gst all that
Everyone has their own interpretation and hypothesis. It is clear that farmers in Punjab will loose thats why they are protesting. Farmers in other parts of India are indifferent. Thats why they are not protesting.
Why can't govt invest in food storage facilities ? And charge farmers for the storage ?
What can PM Modi do if the farmers don't want to take the benefit government was giving. Kind of foolishness farmers have done is astounding, it is literally throwing brick on own foot. In long term protesting farmers will realise their big blunder.
4 wasted is on farmers
It means an  indirectly government want the large farmers become trader too.
How  ? You have taken govt side.can you explain why the farmers of USA where the open market and farmers their under debt
You just proved that you don't possess a 56 inch chest......shouldn't repeal that law......sad day for the future of indian economy
It should have been mentioned that food companies/retailers can buy non perishable items in large quantities at the time of harvesting, giving no sensible price benefits to farmers and store that to sell within mandated 100% increase, without attracting Essential Commodities Act. Even if that provision is imposed prospectively, it will not make any dent on company's profit.So it will squarely benefit the procurers only. Anyone who keeps track of increase in  onion prices every year, knows that this is a play by large traders only. Farmers do not get any benefit of higher prices. Hereafter, it will be legitimate action for all commodities.
Why doesn't the government shortlist agricultural items which can be exported say like onions,then gradually wean the farmer towards more productive land use
Great setback to agricultural reforms in India. Farmers with small holdings would be the sufferers and overall agricultural production potential would go down. No government in future would ever dare to bring such much needed reforms in agriculture! Politics won but nation lost!
Every Citizen in a free Country has a democratic Right as do the Farmers!
The Punjab was chosen as the battleground against hunger. Enterprising Sikh farmers worked hard to Create what we know as the green revolution.
No farmers, No food, no future.
Support Farmers 
Shekhar Gupta,  Appreciate your excellent analysis and sharing some key elements of the 3 farmer laws, for common man. Thank you very much.
Looks like the pro Khalistanis  and Pakistani agenda similar to the very well pre planned well executed in Delhi riots . People  are smart enough to put two and two together.  The modus operandi is so glaring.
Modi,BJP government bhagao desh bachao
We stand with you farmers
These 3 laws are wrong here and now because of the way they were introduced and because of the room they create for corruption. However they signal an inevitable evolution. They will fail today, because of how profoundly  they represent the nature and will of the current administration , however they will resurface in the future with a new look and a different energy simply because it is the only way forward to enable economic freedom and create competitiveness on a global scale . India's farmers must collectively organize and empower themselves to take control of their own destinies and grasp the levers of free market utilization to create wealth and economic independence. Today, they are still manipulated by opportunists and illegal collaborators who take advantage of existing policies to enrich themselves at the expense of simple minded and marginal landowners. Efficiency must be realized by utilizing agricultural Indias limited natural resources to continue to feed an exploding population. The  intermediate way forward is to give farmers the tools and the wisdom to start down a road to first; realize and appreciate their latent collective power to create a free market  in their own image and second; to create a robust environment in which to recognize, appreciate and honestly process the complexities created by the Indian way of thinking and operating. This is the way.
There are some farmers protecting police officers but no police officer is protecting any farmer.
Cut off food to police.... guarantee pice protection, dispute tribunal's and agreement protection is farmers ask....our farmer minister can't even attend one meeting what non sense is this
Don't compare Afghani army with Indian army. If Taliban thinks about entering in indian area, then indian army will finish them. There will be no Taliban.
U love farmers. We respect their sacrifice for us.
Farmer is the food god (former is mother of country) in your india 
Well Mr. Shekhar, you conveniently missed out the legal implications to farmers incase these corporates takes loans against the farm lands and what happens if the corporates don't pay the amount as promised or reduce the rates.
While implementing upi, most of people are against it and most of the people blamed it will be a failure. So we can't judge anything. Just leave about punjab farmers.
But the thing here is , if anything goes fraud with this contract the farmers can not take the assistance of court.
Government   Play with Farmer (Anndata)
they are not farmers they r khalistani  
Enquiry by CBI must be initiated against farmers lost life and culprits must be punished for killing those poor farmers and right people must be compensated by govt . Forfeit fund required from irresponsibl leaders like Tikait
I think Central Govt should announce that a Committee headed by Mr. Satya Pal Malik will look after the issues related to agri , MSP implementation and all farmer related issues and will submit its report within 6 months. The SKM leader will immediately call the agitation.
Perfectly said silence is not the weapon for injustice and farmers protest proved this point. Hats off to the farmers unity and strong message to everyone who has taken democracy for a ride
Rise of a new Era.... Our farmers are going to be the extreme winners 
Middle man bhi APMC i.e sarkaar hi thii to private indroduce karne ka mujhe nhi lagta koi acha reason h bcz jo private wale karenge wo hi agar APMC kre to farmers ko bhi koi problem nahi hogi.M S P ko continue rkhna chahiye.
This panchayat was for Social media and Godi media . 
Accha hota agar Farmers Laws koh States ke uper chor dete,
Godi media team attentively watching & muting opposition speakers when they about to put the questions n words forward in front of the viewers.
It's so hard to believe that only a few decades after The Indian Independence act the government was cruel enough to do this to Farmers.
Can't they just amend the bills? And then impose them matlab bill pass karke sarkar bhi khush aur galat points hatane par kisan bhi khush.
#AntiFarmerLaws
No ... Not convinced.. reforms seems to be  ok.. but due diligence should be put in implementation so that small farmers may not go out of business during the setting time of these reforms !!
Election jeevi PM . Just show lolipop of elections and he will even sell the India.
Greatness of Modi govtto go against parliamentary democracy..now make any propaganda by librando narrative..but i dont support modi repealing this bill
Very good approach. God Bless our farmers
She had explained the things well but finally end up in a erroneous conclusion. Definitely there are lots of issues with current APMC systems. Bt the new acts are going to worsen the situation further. Now onwards the farmers needs to bargain with more powerful purchasers than earlier small traders. The small/medium farmers wouldn't have any bargaining power with big corporates. If the intention was to make MSP mandatory in every private transaction,  why did the bills not contain a clause that the price paid to the farmer by the purchaser shall not be less than the notified MSP?. That's why lakhs of farmers are on the streets. 
All the Indians here loving Taliban. 
Low milk prices.. so lets waist fule put wear and tare on farm equipment and waist hay or straw. I get it protesting but i see a big waist of money. Wish i had that money to waist.
Modiji please dont do a 2nd blunder of restoring statehood of J&K. Please look beyond your party.
NOW OTHER FARMERS WILL COME PUT AND PROTEST AGAINST THIS MOVE. MY GOD INDIA NEED SOME SERIOUS HELP.
4. Yes, it is true that Punjab and Haryana are most benefited by MSP system. And most of the farmers who benefitted by MSP are big farmers. But state like Uttar Pradesh where percentage of small and marginal farmers are high, they can not awail this MSP system due to weak structure of APMCs. 
police wale tractor se ese dar rahe h jese tractor me atom bom laga hoshame on indian police
When protest takes place longer it is easy for bad guys to Infiltrate (who's intention is not for framers cause); agitate and mislead farmers. Felt bad for the incident. What need now is strict policing.
"Why did the Indian government not put Taliban in uapa list?" Very good point by Owaisi sahab.
Khalisthani farmers
Ye media bolti he ki kisan   log congress ke he...agar itne log congress ke hote toh aaj congress   .
Thank for the information hope Indian farmers can access modern technology and improve their quality of life famers need proper knowledge and education about the bill and farming also
I'm son of a farmer and I'm trying my a*s off to get education and break through this caste and political system and to give my father a good life that he deserves 
In my view there should be a law on msp, To give  some protection to farmers also.
Jai Jawan ... Jai Kissan...  Jai Hind.. support' farmers...
Indian farmers are responsible for new covid waves across the world . They should be held responsible
We're very Sorry Modiji being from Farming Community I hate being a Farmer in INDIA besides Dirty Politics 
Please guys help farmers on Twitter and  make everyone understands what the issue is and please support farmers...they are growing food so we eat....
Where is farm bill originated
Farmers hai to hum hai
Haramkhor tikait jaise gundo se aise hi nipta jaata h, and stop calling these gundas as farmers
Signatures are needed for this genuine Petition file by Harji pal Singh in United Nation for the violation of human rights of farmers. This is the biggest help and support for the farmers.
I have been so clueless about WHY the farmer protests are happening ..and i am an INDIAN. No matter where i looked it was 99% noise and 1% advertisement. Vox explained this better than Indian Govt probably could. that was so well made. KUDOS,
I'm also son of farmer and live in Rural areas where still electricity is a genuine problem...but surprised to listen the decision of repealing 3 farm Laws... It will open many doors to protest against Every welfare Laws...Today Who wins game ? Only those who don't know the actual pain and problem of small farmers... they never did work in farming areas but they are so-called leader of farmers...
Not farmer nor, fair efforts to farmer,. They really are interested in supporting political leader and party workers,
there is no case for resigning here. this is new india, no sissies are in power now.. not like old days that something happens and minister resigns, his son is innocent even if his son is proved to be a murderer, why should his father pay for his son's sins? as SRK to leave industry and give up his billion dollar wealth, because his son is a nasheedi.
The laws wouldve benefited the large farmers undoubtedly. However the ones to lose wouldve been the lay 2-3 bigha owner. Why would PepsiCo go buy potatoes from a 2 bigha owner, care to write agreements with him rather than going to someone who owns 50 hectares? Its funny to see how this all is elusive to most of the urban elite yapping here. The small farmer will lose through commercialisation of agriculture. His holdings will become unviable once the private sector steps in and he will be forced to enter contracts with them, effectively reducing him to a sharecropper/tenant. With no urban jobs to attract surplus labour from the villages, (rather villages became sponges when covid caused massive urban to rural migration) where will the surplus labour go other than becoming labourers in their own fields, effectively reviving zamindari and company raj. 
The current GDP is around Rs. 140 lakh crores, Agricultural GDP is Rs. 19 lakh crores, value of food grains Rs. 11 lakh crores. Farmers offer around 50 % of food grains for sale at Rs. 5.5 lakh crores of which 50% are sold in APMCs at 2.75 lakh crores. Considering cost of procurement at 30%, the value of 23 MSP crops is approximately Rs. 3.6 lakh crores. The total tax and non-tax revenue for the Government is Rs. 23 lakh crores (GST 3, Income tax 8, Corporate Tax 7, non-tax revenue 5 lakh crores). Thus, MSP commitment of Rs. 3.6 lakh crores exceed the entire GST collected ! Around 70% of tax revenues are generated from urban areas. Unless the tax revenues increase substantially, legalizing MSP is the toughest. Therefore, in addition to institutional solution of MSP, market solution permitting buying / selling outside APMCs, benefits society due to new supply / value chains. Further, Nominal Protection Coefficient for agriculture being 0.87, farmers can realize 13% higher price in international markets with encouragement to exports. 
This drama is Calibrated by both farmers and bjp. From both sides, dirty politics is involved. 
Both sides have communication gap because farmers are not ready to tell  the loopholes of the 3 laws and government is not trying to explain the laws correctly to the people.
Brother just know what is going on in depth without this superficial knowledge and judge the goverment decision and the farmers decision you just don't know how much the residents and merchants inside the Delhi suffered even while showing the support.And also don't forget the RHIANNA TOOLKIT it matters the most.
1. Per my understanding The new laws do give options to private buyers and farmers to deal directly and which as mentioned correctly in the video may cause the buyers to dictate terms in certain aspects however the Concept of APMC is not being eradicated and it is a parallel system that is being created to provide more options. The farmers are still at the helm and are the ones who decide which route they wish to choose. Please correct me if i am wrong!
Afghan will become the peacful country in the world soon. Taliba are not robots they also have lost their families. They are doing this all for Peace we want this in Pakistan too
How they are beating old Farmers .....? SHAME PM Modii SHAME !!! Kisaaan Ekha Zindabaad 
These are not real farmers of India but mostly commission agents and middlemen from Punjab State of India
Thanku  #bbc for covering true thanku ur are not like #godimedia thanku for understand farmer pain
No Farmers,
So bjp workers are human and so called farmers are human. So, both should be equally treated.
Our farmers have once again showed us how to win by protesting peacefully.
Assertion: bjp is fearing to lose UP and Punjab elections
Real news.. what's this is...... SUPPORT and help.. farmers....
Taliban government v ehna to vadia shame on you haryana gov
Well Sad  Agriculture is our wisest pursuit, because it will in the end contribute most to real wealth, good morals & happiness.... being a human should support farmers  Truly appreciable @dilsefoodie entire team  for such efforts 
Be remember this is only one news channel that support us in hard time behind godi media
BJP will not loose anything but this is defeat of those farmers who were not getting MSP benefits and also APMC market for their crops. Poor farmers will be poor no one will ever dare to do any improvement in farmers by laws
The image of Modi ji has not been stunned by any of the farmers.
Everyone is at fault farmers, capitalists, government everyone and the sad thing is none of them are concerned about the main issue.... Just money and mandi are the issues for them..... No one is looking at the bigger picture of the works they are doing and have done in the past
This is the real picture  of profit and loss of three bills brought by the govt for the welfare of  farmers. No doubt  these three bills  are against of middle  men of mandies,who were going rich to rich and kissan were going  poor to poor.
First step towards to d grade punjabi farmers
Government should form a committe to look into farm sector who shall talk to various kisan organisation, take feedback and get them into new laws.
There is no mistake with farm laws. The mistake is 'repealed it as acceded to the middlemen's (disguised as farmers) pressure'. This is India's fate that common people being ignorant and not knowing whichever are of their benefits, usually mislead and exploited by some scammers and perpetrators..... If the real farmers were in heaven because of the 'mandi system' why 1000s of them committed suicide every year. ?????
He should have gone and dried the farmers, anyway it is getting cold, so let's have fun.  
Don't defend the farmers by saying they are not farmers.
Anyone with a modicum of knowledge of market economy knows these reforms are good for farmers.
, If we remove certain items from that list then prices will go high( daily use items like Oil, cereals etc ), It legalizes Storage of those items, Govt should remove that from the Bill and Its all good
First Massive Victory of Indian Farmers after 2014 Independence 
And I support this law, but this is not right time for implementation because of lack of awareness among farmers . Government should start some courses for farmers and educate them how to improve in their skills and manufacture some products at home
All farms bill so far just benefited Panjab  not the other states of India.
2. Also, farmers get farm subsidies for electricity, water, fertilisers, and even seeds.   With the Mandi collapsing, the state Tax revenue is gone. This means no subsidies.  That will cause a havoc.  Btw, Agro subsidies are a big part of the west.  It has 2 effects -1. It skews markets beyond recognition in favor of lobbyists like corn etc.  2.  It is a must have since farmers cant survive without it.  The result is, it has NOT helped the farmer survive.  Its not the Free market. And, the effect on environment is beyond repair.  Indian subsidies on the other hand are way more effective since it helps out a v poor farmer and are free of lobby pressures at least when compared to the west.  We need to solve the Indian problem here not the western. 
I am not farmer , Today  I feel proud to be Punjab.
Punjab farmers are rich and bigger so they don't need to worry but imagine of small farmers who are going to die of hunger again
As soon as you took out the Indian Flag, no true Indian is in favour of you. No support from us now.
Indian police deserve this kind of treatment...... I support kissan
The bills were all right but the way it was implemented was wrong without discussion in the parliament you can't just ram through bills. Sadly the farmers don't see the writing on the wall paddy farming will go on in Punjab and Haryana ground water levels will fall and  in the future the areas would slowly become arid as it is going on today.
All tractors used in the protest should be given to poor farmers of odisha and bihar
Wow what a gesture of solidarity towards farmers family.  Playing politics with someone's real affection. 
Kitna fraud news channel hai yaar. These were the same people who were branding farmers as terrorists.
Why Talking about congress BJP??? TALK ABOUT FARMERS, THEIR DEMANDS!
Non-partisan explanation of the statutes..I wish you could also take views of farmers in different states who are happy with the laws...
Love that chanting behind godi media 
MSP is a "racket" to enrich farmers esp. large ones in Punjab, Haryana and western Uttar Pradesh because >60% of MSP goes to support grains like rice and wheat, the main products of the those 3 states. That's why they are the only ones protesting. Most of the poor farmers of Bihar and other regions of India, who really need help, don't even know what MSP is because they have not been able to take advantage of it (there are structural reasons for it). And that's why you don't see them protesting against the bills. Reform in Indian ag sector is needed because the policy has failed to elevate ag sector in a long time. Having said that I am surprised that Modi-Shah failed to read politics of subsidy esp. in agriculture. May be they have become too over-confident having successfully rammed through Article 370 and CAA legislations.
Yogita meanwhile women are being raked by Indian occupation in Kashmir & your concern regarding women is nothing but a laughable joke.
Police talk to govt to revoke the farmer laws
According to pradhan sevak n hagna runout there are no issues in farm bills...farmers have been misled,so are the doctors who are now called as urban naxals 
Taliban to India we have 75 000 soldiers.
Election coming.. afraid and vigil modi..
Many farmers aged 50+ are participating in protest.. In such cold weather conditions, Govt should think 1000 times before spraying cold water jet on them.. 
2. The third bill intention was to bring a third party/organization into farming and protect farmers from famine and other natural disasters, while also increasing the diversity of agricultural products, which is currently very limited due to a lack of certainty in post-harvesting incomes. Looking at how much wheat production is increasing in UP, MP, and Punjab, and how MP recently crossed 300 MT of wheat production in the year 20/21, which getting wasted due to very poor storage facilities, so the clarity would come from a proper dialogue with farmers and curbing the weak areas of laws to make them legible and clearer. Which I think GOI tried up to some extent but we all saw what exactly happened. If the implementation of these bills had been effective with proper clarity, then it would have made farmers more confident and secure, so they could have started thinking toward other farming options and processes and may eventually shift towards organic farming as well.
What thinking P.M Modi to Farmers
Masterstroke by modi for UP elections.
Support Indian farmers.
- If government is anti-farmer, how come state procurement has been at a record high?
Indian Army is enough to make all holes in every terrorists back 
DK Singh, Modi has been smart politician. So, its unbelievable that he would take these farm laws without a BIG reason. 
Thank u for bringing up the issue.. #farmersprotest
Reports farmers are not addament speak properly
So it's good for farmer's or need some improvement in 3 bills?
@shekhar gupta . Surprised to hear your national interest. You have given the same tone of the govt. The action point will be to ask the farmers to draft the bill and debate on what the farmers want and repeal the existing law and introduce new bill.
Stop such Sponsored aforesaid Farmers Andolan. If Farmers Law is bad then why not all over Indian farmers support it? ? Why such things happen near time of UP election? Indians know everything now.
I respect farmars but opposition nd khalistani playing behind the mask...
For a change, why don't you move your focus from Farmers to us Salaried Middle Class? Draw out policies and mechanisms that help us make some money and save some money. Enough of this thing about farmers, armed forces, women, SC, ST etc.
This Canadian stands with Indian farmers.
If their will be MSP it will protect Farmers, otherwise it will be exploitative for farmers and ultimate consumers both.
The law was good. they should've not repealed them. it's a loss for farmers.
Before Farm bills, CAA,NRC Bills(which are anyway important at any point of time), The first thing any ideal Indian government must bring is strongest Anti Corruption Law and Anti Hawala Bill. Well developed countries have strongest corruption laws. Our government is happy celebrating with demonitization as end of corruption is most shameful thing.
I fully support farmers... they are our pride..we are living healthy life bcoz of our farmers...this is a cowardly act targetting our farmers...shame on them  & who ever is the culprit must be punished 
BJP wants votes in the name of HINDU MUSLIM AGENDA. STATUES AND BUILDING. temples, caste and religion, without doing any work. the public wants employment, good hospital and schools, stop on petrol diesel lpg price loot, inflation, old pension policy, etc.
Farmers... who has protest from beginning to end, Salute to them you all are warriors..you are a example of democracy.....Jai hind Jai jawan Jai kisan 
What amazing job you did explaining. Unfortunately people are blindly following farmer movement without understanding the farmer act.
Pls don't call kisan, real kisan working in agriculture land, these people are adhatiya, mandi mafia, bichauliyon, dalal and rejected political worker just using name of Kisan. These people woking as anti india agenda just name of kisan.
Well done Sikh farmers fighting against evil devil modi government
Victory of farmers kisan ekta
Private companies are smart  to 'buy at lower price and sell at higher price'. True, but with the removal of middle men, dont they already have a price advantage? do you think they will suck the blood out of the source (farmers) that the source dies out.   
Congratulations to all farmers and salute to you also for giving ue real news 
Everybody is gangsta until indian tractors arrived 
He truly  a good PM  khalistani's should not be spared for wrong doings in red fort n the girl who was raped in farmers protest should be punished..they should not be spared..Rakesh tikait must now stop his rubbish politics..
Thank you BBC for covering #farmersprotest  !!! Indias media is sold out
Shame shame modi shame bjp shame shame rss shame shame congress shame shame Haryana government shame shame on you guys. All the world is watching this.
Really happy for farmers 
Respect for modi ji at its top  
When Muslims were targeted in CAB and they protested for their rights against CAA they were called Jihadis and Pakistanis. And now when farmers from Punjab are protesting for their rights. They're being called Khalistanis.
2. On the basis of quality they may decrease produce value and farmer is not capable to fight in any court, so who will help them.
We need a robust infrastructure for farmers and include them to make reforms
Modi had to bow down to the power of the farmers.
Repeal black farmers law
First of all they are not even real farmers and 99% of them didn't even know the real farm law....iust causing ruckus for the city...and even if they want to protest despite knowing the real farm laws there are other ways to do it without disturbing other people
Thank you so much for showing the will power of our farmers
  I think india will takle millitry action in agf directly but first all indians who are there in afg should come in india at any cost afterwards india will construct a millitary base in agf and fight with talibaan. The benefit of indian millitary base in afg is we can attack pak from afg very easily. and there will b no lose for chabahar port and 3billion dollers which invested in afg and if afg come under control of taliban then there will b a direct terrorist attacks from taliban to kashmir easily it will b dangerous to us and there will b high alert. If india fails to make peace with taliban then india will no longer wait for its millitary action in afg against talibaan. And this all will happen in just one month if taliban refuses for peace and happy independence day to all my brothers and sisters of india.
The statement will be same for you also If taliban dares india 
India needs a better government who can think for the interest of Indian farmers and youth.
Sikhs came to India from Pakistan Punjab in 1947...they should go back. Enough trouble they have made in India. Enough.
700 farmers died because of government rigid laws & practices just shame on government
Lallantop is real media of India.... Love for Lallantop team
Also vox ,If you would have looked at the very beginning , when farmers headed for Delhi(national capital) they were welcomed by breaking national highways and spraying ice cold water in this extreme winter ..... this is how good we are at handling constructive criticism
Farmers' movement hijacked by khalistani supporters and middle men of Punjab . Pakistan is unable to disturb Kashmir .Hence they are trying covertly to destabilise Punjab by supporting the khalistanis.It was the Khalistani flag which the rogue farmers unfurled on Red Fort.Bhagat Singh and our freedom fighters didn't die so that the Khalistani flag can be put up on Red Fort.This is unacceptable.
We should be grateful to farmers for saving democracy in this country.
Election. Then, these Farmers will
Protest is being purely ran by middlemen and opposing parties by giving false info to small innocent farmers. Alot of money is earned by middlemen of pubjab just from commissions(around 30-50 lacs) and small farmers get duped. Its all about money and power to some individuals. The biggest problem they have is these laws give same power to every farmer.
I am so shocked that you still think the farmers protest as political issue. Sir, believe it, it is about lively hood of farmers in India.
The Farmers Unrest is a Major Concern in India and the Police Brutality against the Agricultural and Farming Community in Haryana is Shocking. 
Desh ke opposition parties are not positive, but negative approach...Mirror shows ugly face of opposition and it's negative impact on farmers. Farmers leaders are irresponsible and irreasonable ..Though I express my condolences ..Not a single famer died due to excesses of government but due to natural death. In fact farmer's leaders should compensate from their pockets. 95% farmers are looser.  Money power wins. Sad chapter for farmers.
Rakesh tikait is giving logic answer to godi media, who is one of the face of BJP. Moreover He is very far from the code of actual journalist conduct.
My india  my farmer
Supporters of BJP, understand one thing - Crowd has a lot of power, it can make a chaiwala PM but it can also put effective pressure to repeal the farm laws. That's how a democracy functions. Respect crowd, Respect Democracy.
We dont appreciate PM Modi's decision on farmers bill
The person who said that numbers were creating chaos needs a reality check. Without numbers , during initial meets Tomar didnt even attend the meeting . And those  idiots who think farm laws are good and who called farmers middlemen are shameless toads.
Every one is fighting for their interest noone is good or bad not the farmers not their leaders not the govt not the dhruv rathee
My family is "ModiBhakt" however my family are against that Law and support that "Andolan".I am software engineer also
Kick these farmers out of the capital  today they reached the iconic red fort, tomorrow they will go to THE RASHTRAPATI BHAVANA.
Dilli Chalo... Let's all unite like we did for Jallikattu protest.... We should save our farmers.
Its a shame that some media outlets see this as a victory
Childrens are  reluctant to take bitter pill but ultimately it cures them of disease.... similarly naive farmers seems to be misguided to take the pills of reform....looks they would continue to live in poverty and mercy of middle man 
Ground reality : Inspite of MSP, wheat rice sell for half the price (bihar,UP)- traders buy in UP/bihar and sell at double price in Punjab/ haryana APMC markets, maize /jowar selling for 1/4th of MSP. In private mandi's farmers have to  sell vegetables only for 1/6th price  of what consumer finally pays. Vegetables you buy at 40rs give only 3-7 to farmers. Corporates like Pepsi have already burnt famers. Farmers cannot afford to sell to buyer anywhere - average farmer can barely go outside of 30-40 km range.
Bihar de-institutionalised APMC mandis in 2006, if i am not wrong. Why the prices are not remunerative for Bihari farmers ? 
Wheres the damnnnnn BJP supporters?
Abb election me defeat k dar c bill vapis liye hai.....
Up and Punjab election is coming hahaha dont fool Indian and farmers
Very very revengeful mentality of the government...Let everyone including the people who think that protesting farmers are fake should open their eyes and see that BJP government has crossed all limits... Instead of solving farmers problems this what they are doing... Shameful
Withdrawal of farm laws is a political move ahead of UP and Punjab elections, to puncture the victimhood farmers poltics of opposition and more so when most farmers who would have benefited are not supporting openly. They are the actual losers, not Modi.
So happy to hear that farmers won
Its about farm laws. They did not accept delay in implementation as got want farmers to go back and they go back
Peaceful farmers making peaceful protest
Goverment should ban 3 black lows this diwali this is gift for farmer's
Would like to see more videos on Kisan Protest, Godi media will not show the reality.
Without MSP how can farmers believe the contract. I think government wants to remove itself from the agriculture domain. Introducing MSP  and essential products list is not going to hurt anyone. Why is the government hesitating??
Today ,Our democracy and real farmer both loses its identity.True Af
Zee news get exposed by media for the media 
29:00 at this point they showed how loving and caring they are. It is giving me tears that they are facing so much no main stream media is showing this proud of you unscripted. First i was not supporting this protest because of tv news but now these videos has open my eyes and now i feel sorry for not supporting them earlier.
After the events of Republic Day there is little sympathy for these thugs who are a combination of middlemen, rich farmers and crowds imported and paid for by vested interests. Your reporting in deeply flawed, banal and superficial and for this reason, highly  misleading. PM Modi is the best PM we have had. He has the courage to go against the tide as these path breaking laws are a 1991 moment for poor farmers and middle farmers farmers but they strike a body blow to middlemen. This is what this protest is about because it hits against corruption in Punjab and Haryana. I have not understood what these thugs want. These laws are path breaking as they free both [producers and consumers to sell in the open market if they want. You can thugs bringing in thousands of tractors from these states poor? Stocked up for six months poor?  The government has been open to talks and has dealt with them with exceptional restraint.  Rich Farmers have been treated as holy cow in this country. They rich segment benefit hugely from subsidies, pay no taxes and buy cheap from the poor cultivator and sell at huge prices in the market. This has to stop. Rich farmers need to pay taxes.  The agricultural sector has been at  the bane of benami holdings by corrupt netas and babus. PM Modi is breaking this vicious strangehold for which he deserves praise and not condemnation. By doing he would be the first PM who has actually helped those who need to be helped. The fact that there is information aysmmetry here and tthat the government has not sold the reform as strongly as they should have adds to the confusion.  This is a bold reform and it must be welcomed precisely because it is being opposed by the rich and hijacked by an opposition that does not have a head or a tail. The same applies to your Covid reporting. You fail to mention that we have handled the crisis despite our poor health infrastructure  extremely well with the lowest death rate and the highest ecvery rate in the world in contrast to the UK, France, the US and Russia and the rest of Europe who have made a mess of it.  Figures in these countries are staggering.  Your reporters and correspondents need to delve beneath appearances to reach the reality hidden within.  You do injustice to the fair name of the BBC with this stereotyped reporting.  The country cannot be held to ransom by a gang of thugs spreading misinformation and deceit.
They won't even leave farmers, until they bring farming sector to ground like gdp, automobile, politics
Farmers still have the option to sell their produce to anyone
Salute to Indian farmers
Had the three farm statutes not provided benefits to private firms, Modi govt. wouldn't have come up with them.
Incentivise farmers to wean them away from wheat and rice to edible oil producing crops....a good solution
I have a few points to make based on my understanding of the farm laws , even though there were a lot of reforms in them , there were a few clauses that were absolutely unfair to the farmers and would hurt thier welfare. The first was the dispute-resolution mechanism which was clearly not thought of, second was the lack of oversight and regulation in terms of coorperate-agricultural contracts and third was lack of a price discovery mechanism based on market supply and demand constraints. The only states where the Mandis system is properly implemented were the ones which protested and majority of rest of the farmers in the country are anyway being exploited by local traders who take advantage of the simple fact that the Mandi is too far away and most farmers don't have access to them. 
Whereas a farmer who is not allowed economy of scale by law is supposed to produce food at internationally competitive price.
Mr Modi look after India. Farmers are the  blood of India  Thier forefathers sacrificed themselves for mother India. Bring the country together.
#Fell the power of farmers  
I am son of farmer from Gujarat. 
These not farmer, Pleas say him to mind her language about prime minister's.
Hatts of to our farmers
uneduacted farmers are a curse to a country
It would have been only the farmers facing the heat.
Poor police! Support police not fake farmers
Thanks Dhruv bhai to explain current situation very well so that other people can understand farmer's protest and their demands.
Plz support farmers How many farmers have to sacrifice ? Boycott Godi Media
This Farmer's protest is completely hijacked. this is another Shaheenbhag and will get settled after Bengal Election next year just like how Shaeenbhag got settled after the Delhi elections.
We are with the farmers
As a small farmer from uttarakhand i thought i would sell my hard earned vegetables wherever i can but unfortunately i guess this is my fate to die poor, and those who were protesting in their audis and bmws will remain rich by power.
700 farmers died nd they said nothing about it so sad
This is big failure of BJP government, even after nine months of struggle to convey their grievances  , still farmers struggling on roads, but insensitive government least bother to address public grievances. A important part of nation ( farmers) who is in service of providing food has least respect than players who are in none productive work, get more attention.
Congratulations  Farmers
Where is MSP,I am also coming from Farmer family but my parents sold the wheat to the private vendor.
Thanks to sikh community for display of this vitality  this movement turned out to be a rejuvenating performance by lively farmers on national plane 
I admire the commitment of these farmers.
Dhruv if you are reading this ... Loan clearing is a big big scam run by farmers themselves ... I know my own family and friends who deliberately take loans and never , never pay even one emi even though they have good incomes and wait for state elections. Once the state elections arrive everything boils down to candidate who is offering to waive off loans . Do we the white collar jobs have the headache of paying off taxes when farmers enjoy maximum subsidies ? No doubt that few of the cases would be authentic but the complete system is failing on the ground of ethics .
Finally  an INDIAN understanding my country's farmer crisis  BRAVO ! to grassroot  explaination 
Thanks to all opposition leaders inIndia who supported kisan movement
We are not farmers.. so lets not pass judgement about things we are not experts of..
The Farmers are fully cognizant of the implications of the draconian farm laws thrust upon them without a debate/ consultation. Thanks for starting the conversation with Delhites.
No farmer wants his or her child to become farmer.
Thank you for thinking about the farmers and portraying their side in the correct way
WE DIDN'T HAVE A FARM BILL AND YET FARMERS HAVE COMMITTED SUICIDE SINCE MANY YEARS. Why?
We should support farm law
Other than serving the needs of large corporations, does anyone else actually significantly benefit from these new laws, such that it's worth thousands of farmers losing their livelihoods?