This law seems to  have been framed by our proud 'one exam wonders (UPSC crammer)' and singed by illiterate, obtuse, intellectually dumb Political Hierarchy who likes to work like a proxy (an absentee leader delegating his work to IAS),   this faux of agriculture economy policy is bound to happen when laws are framed by crammers rather than experts who frames laws based on Data of several indicators like Human Agriculture Capital,  Market  Availability and Infra Ecosystem .
Thank you farmers for all your sacrifices. May God bless you'll.
Police ne maro badhha thay ne
The best leader
Government shouldve stayed with the decision but eventually it has to look after the national interest. 
looted amount fromIndia through Many Fake NGOs and companies created on 
Elections every month will keep evil mind at bay....  chest must have reduced to 56 micrometers after relenting to the demands of khalistanis.... 
Silence on Bengal violence is proof!
It's revealing one of the world's powerful mafia. A cunning mafia using the poor farmers as cover.
1 & only simple reason for this decision is 2022 up electionbloody stupid govt 
Sir really believe in NDTV 
h)  Each farmer will have it's agrivalue based on quantity of land utilised and can be availed any time with help of banking system integrated with apex body and it's farming community. 
Ashraf Ghani was asking for help but India refused to send Wing Commander Abhinandan Varthaman to Afghanistan.
UP election effect
This worst....... Need take action...... Modi to moosadi
Shame on BJP. LONG LIVE THE FARMERS WHO FEED THE MILLIONS. 56" chest and 3" in the pants.
Breaking rules and protesting is bad.
12. On Feb 2021, Supreme court of india created an farmers expert committe of experts to listen to greviances but farmers unions
Democratic world failed Afghanistan. 
Not a big deal if there are changes in finance and decision people always protest. India need to change, cannot remain in old laws
 Modi did it to gain vote from farmers in UP, coalition with Singh in Punjab, definitely Mod and BJPi will Enter the PM office for Next General Election....Know the Logic Behind  any decision
After long time.people have did lot of sacrifice and some also died.its too late for the citizens of this country
He always has one or the other demands make him sit in the cabinet because he knows everything, and then lets see..
 , 19/11/2021     ""         Oxford dictionary                   
Mr tikeit the need of the hour is cheep labour. Then we can manufacture things for low price. Then we can sell it in world market. Then we get dollars. If we have money we can progress our country. With out money we cannot make infrastructure. Think in both ways tikeit. Government is not getting money from the sky.
Why this people r not wearing MASKS.......
Service sector gets canteen facility, medical facility, minimum wage, minimum pension, but is there any minimum guarantee to the farmers?
In theory, which has been the case uptil now, produce shud be purchased at MSP. But could you please tell me an industry where the govt sets up a floor price that private players have to pay.?
Please  continue the stir my dear Punjabi brothers. I would like to contribute towards my Punjabi Farmers. Please provide me details as to where I can send some money. 
ACOORDING TO INTELIGENCE REPORTS ISI IS PLANNING  LARGE SCALE  violence THROUGH  FARMERS.  So MODI IS SMARTLY HANDLING  IT 
its very sus to see ONLY Punjabi  in this protest.  As they are the wealthiest farmers and mandi lords in India.  
Bravo Modi. You did a great thing but the vampire middlemen and the hypocritical hate-filled opposition leaders out for blood did a great wrong. I wonder when the small farmer will start a protest, but they don't have the resources to do that.
Nakali gandhis stop your drama, you to do not a word singhur murder and Jaspur killing. Why this partiality? Why are you misleading the farmers? Munde baimuch.
There are many more farmers in India then  these protesters who support to the law
So to break these protest and in interest to internal security ...modi had to withdraw or taken back decesion of farm laws bill.
The roads are not cleared ,even after repealing the laws.they will continue,because terrorists  have infiltrated the protests
Goal post has shifted, US dollars in plenty to be paid to rich Kissans.
Those are not farmers you idiots, they are middleman who are making profits out of farmers, Modi wants to cut these middlemen out so that the Farmers get all the profits. You leftist Quint, help the farmers not the middleman!
They are not farmers, terrorist
Mahapanchayat of dalals, not of farmers. Farmers are being hoodwinked by these people, led by Tikait named dacoit.
These are not farmers they are miscreants . What they did on 26 January was extreme example of that
Farmers should feel ashamed after doing this kind of act
One thing everyone needs to understand is Central Govt proposes and implements laws at the national level. They'll see what is more beneficial at the national level. When less than 5% across the nation are participating in these protests, it thumpingly displays that the new farm laws benefit the nation better. If it may cause any loss to that 5%, they've to sit with Govt and talk about alternative solutions for their possible loss, not fight to repeal the new laws. I hope this brings some sense to the protestors.
Nobody force for contract farming.
You have missed many important points in this video or did not wanted to cover like now farmers can not go to the court even after if any company refuse to pay them a single rupee and now  hording became legal for companies which earlier used to be a crime. We can already see the effect of these laws on ground now that Adani is buying apples in Himachal at the price of rs15 per kg and selling it in rs200 per kg in super stores across the country.
Its time for educated ppl to come in to farming. Just like australians did and finally agro industry boomed. Cus till goons are their leaders and uneducated farmers are just being played this will never change
Their meaningless protest had already done a great loss to nation. Now opposition and anti-national funded NGOs will look other way to harm India.
Abbba Vadra gives credit to his wife for centre s withdrawal of farm laws wah re wah fraud family
Rakesh tikat is big headache for BJP
I support farmers.but this is a suicide mission
foundation of 2022 Punjab elections.
We need change!! Enough BJP.. the eight of happy india..
Ye faisla lene me itna Der nhi kiye hote.....to kitno hi gharo ke bachhe apne pita ke saath Guru parve Bina aanshu ke mana rhe hote........Failure Governance Modi Jee 
Modi backed down because the British Government told him to at the Cop26 summit sadly its the British that do all the positives for India and the negatives are supplied by themselves even to this day good luck farmers
we really really want Samdish covering lakhimpur
Rahul Gandhi n priyanka vadera are trouble makers looking for an loop hole to win back d lost congress seats.
Are Indian farmars fromed by people on low social class?
Hope conditions become better for all people living there.
I can hear khalistan jindabad in the end
To is hisab se to ye bill court me challenge keya jaa skta hai.... 
Why sedation cases against everyone and everybody except for ppl from ruling party and tbeir supporters.?
The day will come when Someone will write a book on modi's ruling era. And these all videos and pictures will be used as reference in that book. The book will named as "Modi the minorities destroyer"
Treating them as terrorists is inhumane....these people are the feeders of out country
CANT ONE GOVT POLICE IAS IPS RESIGN and come to media to REVEAL TRUTH
Kudos to those who are still supporting BJP.
the problem of BJP govt.in indian politics is an unfortunate one,the laders are uneducated and think themselves higher than anyone else!common people suffer!
MODI should be declared a clown
Why the left leader not included. They were the vital figures to unify the different farmers groups . The Kisan Sabha
Great framer protest
YES! THIS MARKS THE 72nd  REPUBLIC DAY OF OUR COUNTRY INDIA. GOVERNMENT BE ASHAMED.
Can you trust this man with white beard?  He has sold India down the river eg railway etc,  he looted public of 500 rupees , did not bring back  ill gotten monies (black money) and the list goes on.
Modi harrassment to agriculturist to make them free from land.
Support farmers support India
We support farmers
Well done Rakesh ticket
govt. is done very sad things with farmers....rip democracy
So land grabbing has started nice
Next cm akhilesh bhaiya
This too will become a jumla, farmers will be upset again, see.
25 minutes he kept questioning his behaviour .....not discussing the real issues of anti farmer bills. Pathetic anchor...
The people who commits crime or who cheats people are allowed to wander, espace  but the people who protest peacefully for their right with valid reasons are targeted all time...everybody should think and thank the farmers before they eat...
I will not vote modi again after this lmaoo
Thank u brother
Farmers will have to ensure this government does not start covert plan B against them
Good Job..... U discovered it in Easy Language.
We need no lecture....if you are a gyani, we don't need one...
Ndtv Congress ka channel ..... rubbish Kumar ki channel ...gadhe logki channel.....bakwas .......
After bills also monopoly rahegi of adani ambani 
Zee news is BJP news
You explained it so well...I hope everyone could understand it
Just  Shut Up .....
7.    entry  
India please help pajshir
Good coverage of kisani Andolan 
YE SHI NHI H
Looking at developments in recent years in India I fear our country is going in the same direction as Pakistan took in 80s.
First time on Media coverage maximum dislike. Lanat ho tara par Rabia
 80% farmers own only less than 2 hectres /5 acre land.
You would not live to see another had this govt try to follow Talibans. In my opinion you should get the same treatment what Talibans give to other religious minorities.
Stop self praising. We are not fools. Drame baaj
Waste of time better lauugh
Sir aap pr bhi yhi classes do please
BBC UK            
Indias evolution took a u turn after 2014
Drama, nothing
Agree with most points but still modi government will come out unscathed...
That voice ._.
Mukesh Ambani and Gautam Adani will Cancelled the 3 Antifarmers Bills.  !
Thankyou so much Team Drishti!
THESE POLITICAL PEOPLE ONLY SPEAK FOR CAMERA.
Next Bollywood movie coming 
Ghatiya channel...ghatia reporter... Modi ke chamchey..Godi media
maybe fight back!  whats wrong with these men
Corporate sector ko badhawa dene wala bill hai.
Please provide us with more such explanations.
To Interfering indian govt and  farmers
- NO free drinks, free food, free tents,
*Here comes undemocratic , religiously divided and an authoritarian India *
Just keep crying Ra-ndia, that's all you specialize in 
Taliban assuring peace and safety to Sikh community. But india is just spreading propagandas
I can understand this by ur video
Excellent initiative mam...vry easy to understand... excellent structure
Happy to see Annaji out of sleep...but he is responsible for all these miseries
Study IQ's UPSC course is designed by some of the best faculties in our country. Our comprehensive UPSC course will help you excel in both Prelims and Mains examination.
we need a video for journalism aspirants sir !!!
Views for other videos is in lakhs
If you condemn trumps supporters capturing Capitol Hill then you should also condemn these who is  at Red Fort where an elected Prime Minister stands and addresses the nation.
Spam and misleading
Tens of thousands of years of mental decay and we have descended to this level of absurdity. 
your words are not convincing to sound  ..  cant make understand things  properly ... say too much for small thing to understand